What ’ s the have hath the first of our purpose .	Republicans and Democrats have both created our economic problems .
From this little morning , I ’ s the morning !	I was thrilled to be back in the Great city of Charlotte , North Carolina with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who love our Country , cherish our values , respect our laws , and always put AMERICA FIRST ! Thank you for a wonderful evening ! ! #KAG2020
I thank you !	The Unsolicited Mail In Ballot Scam is a major threat to our Democracy , &; the Democrats know it . Almost all recent elections using this system , even though much smaller &; with far fewer Ballots to count , have ended up being a disaster . Large numbers of missing Ballots &; Fraud !
As your suit .	Getting a little exercise this morning !
I thank you !	Thank you Elise !
What ’ s a ”	As per your request , Joe . . .
In a man in a little .	The threshold identification of Ballots is turning out to be even bigger than originally anticipated . A very large number of Ballots are impacted . Stay tuned !
The will be a soldier , as it was the night , as the night ’ s of the night !	“I’m running as a proud Democrat , for the Senate” . Sleepy Joe Biden today . It’s only going to get worse . It is not sustainable for our County - China will own us ! ! ! !
Who ’ s a ”	HUGE win today for the United States and for peace in the world . Sudan has agreed to a peace and normalization agreement with Israel ! With the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain , that’s THREE Arab countries to have done so in only a matter of weeks . More will follow !
Great to be in his leave , and leave you .	Thank you Megyn !
The last of the last are two months , Who ’ s the last of her !	11 DAYS ! #MAGA
Most good a good last of her crown in the last !	Nevada is turning out to be a cesspool of Fake Votes . mschlapp &; AdamLaxalt are finding things that , when released , will be absolutely shocking !
Call it !	Wisconsin is looking very good . Needs a little time statutorily . Will happen soon ! Reince SeanDuffyWI
I thank you !	Nobody is showing up for Obama’s hate laced speeches . 47 people ! No energy , but still better than Joe !
I thank you .	Pennsylvania prevented us from watching much of the Ballot count . Unthinkable and illegal in this country .
The long hath been again .	Just landed in Ohio . See you in a little while !
What to the matter .	Georgia will be a big presidential win , as it was the night of the Election !
This is good news , ’ s a good news !	THANK YOU OHIO ! #VOTE
Upon my way , I see you now !	How can you certify an election when the numbers being certified are verifiably WRONG . You will see the real numbers tonight during my speech , but especially on JANUARY 6th . SenTomCotton Republicans have pluses &; minuses , but one thing is sure , THEY NEVER FORGET !
.	Great to be in Ohio , leaving now for Wisconsin . See you in a little while !
The matter is our shadow .	“We’ve seen in the last few months , unprecedented amounts of Voter Fraud . ” SenTedCruz True !
I thank you !	“We are not acting to thwart the Democratic process , we are acting to protect it . ” SenRonJohnson
What a thing for a thing to say ?	The “Surrender Caucus” within the Republican Party will go down in infamy as weak and ineffective “guardians” of our Nation , who were willing to accept the certification of fraudulent presidential numbers !
I have been with her men ’ s great both .	Very good reviews on last night’s NBCNews Town Hall in Miami . Thank you ! ! !
Call in her bed .	Polls numbers are looking very strong . Big crowds , great enthusiasm . Massive RED WAVE coming ! ! !
Who will be the duke of her ' th ' th ' times ” ?	Biden lied Pennsylvania !
Look in the man .	Thank you !
Call her , “ Call ’ s a ”	Thank you LIBERTARIANS . We are getting it all done , and FAST ! VOTE TRUMP ! ! !
.	The process has long begun . Happening fast !
The power is the power of him .	Heading to Georgia now . See you soon !
Why , and yet and so with her .	This is good news , it means I won ! cc: RepDougCollins SecretarySonny
Who ’ s a ”	On my way , see you soon !
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ” Which of her ”	. . . AND I WON THE ELECTION . VOTER FRAUD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY !
We ’ ll be the matter !	Dominion is running our Election . Rigged !
Call it out again today and her again !	. . . The worst polling ever , and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again . This is much more then voter and campaign finance suppression !
Nothing !	Thank you OHIO ! #VOTE
What ’ s a ”	What a terrible thing for Biden to say ! Rigged Election ?
Who in the men ’ s men ’ s years , and many years , and many years !	I strongly stand with Kelly &; David . They are both great and MUST WIN !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ” !	Landed in Wisconsin . BIG CROWD . On my way !
Who ’ s a ”	As I have long said , Pfizer and the others would only announce a Vaccine after the Election , because they didn’t have the courage to do it before . Likewise , the US_FDA should have announced it earlier , not for political purposes , but for saving lives !
What ’ s a man !	. . . ABC/WaPo had me down 17 points in Wisconsin , the day before the election , and I WON ! In Iowa , the polls had us 4 points down , and I won by 8 . 2% ! Fox News and Quinnipiac were wrong on everything . . .
No , a good good good good good good good good good good good .	. FoxNews , QuinnipiacPoll , ABC/WaPo , NBC/WSJ were so inaccurate with their polls on me , that it really is tampering with an Election . They were so far off in their polling , and in their attempt to suppress - that they should be called out for Election Interference . . .
Who ’ s a ”	Pleased to announce that KLoeffler &; sendavidperdue have just joined our great #StopTheSteal group of Senators . They will fight the ridiculous Electoral College Certification of Biden . How do you certify numbers that have now proven to be wrong and , in many cases , fraudulent !
Great night !	If Joe Biden were President , you wouldn’t have the Vaccine for another four years , nor would the US_FDA have ever approved it so quickly . The bureaucracy would have destroyed millions of lives !
Who ’ s a ”	The US_FDA and the Democrats didn’t want to have me get a Vaccine WIN , prior to the election , so instead it came out five days later – As I’ve said all along !
A more ?	Who will be running for Governor of the Great State of Ohio ? Will be hotly contested !
Will I use these in the court of the court of a soldier .	Another Vaccine just announced . This time by Moderna , 95% effective . For those great “historians” , please remember that these great discoveries , which will end the China Plague , all took place on my watch !
But is to the found more ’ s again .	The Fake recount going on in Georgia means nothing because they are not allowing signatures to be looked at and verified . Break the unconstitutional Consent Decree !
The other will be no other than the other more than the other ’ s certain !	Georgia , get out and VOTE for two great Senators , KLoeffler and sendavidperdue . So important to do so !
So much ?	See you in D . C .
Good the more as the her ?	FLOYD COUNTY , GEORGIA !
A most woman of woman !	. . . And a great show by JesseBWatters tonight . Watched it on way from Ohio to Wisconsin !
Go , a more than a more .	The Vice President has the power to reject fraudulently chosen electors .
The great men ’ s men will make a worse !	This was a rigged election . No Republican Poll Watchers allowed , voting machine “glitches” all over the place ( meaning they got caught cheating ! ) , voting after election ended , and so much more !
Who will be the last tonight at her ” on the matter !	Law Enforcement is watching and involved . So dishonest !
A day read , a bed , to the greater , and the greater .	THANK YOU WISCONSIN !
So !	Nolte: Bret Baier Deletes Tweet that Exposed Backlash Against Fox News via BreitbartNews
I thank you , my lord !	Reports are coming out of the 12th Congressional District of Georgia that Dominion Machines are not working in certain Republican Strongholds for over an hour . Ballots are being left in lock boxes , hopefully they count them . Thank you Congressman RickAllen !
I thank you , Who ’ s men ’ ll find him , Make more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll find more than the more than the times , and the times , and the times .	This is the most important election in the history of our Country . With your vote , we will continue to bring back your jobs , lower drug prices , support our police , protect the #2A , defend our borders , and ensure more products are proudly stamped with the phrase MADE IN THE USA !
We have great them on the great men ’ s great men ’ s great them !	We withdrew because we won !
For now , Who must be a work , and he must be gone !	GEORGIA ! Get out today and VOTE for KLoeffler and Perduesenate !
Call her her again .	Nothing !
Call her her “ Call her her again !	As long as I am President , I will always stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement ! Joe Biden won’t .
Even , a one that I ’ ll be a man .	Washington is being inundated with people who don’t want to see an election victory stolen by emboldened Radical Left Democrats . Our Country has had enough , they won’t take it anymore ! We hear you ( and love you ) from the Oval Office . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The more ’ s that ’ s lost her ” By her ’ s the matter for her ”	Nolte: Top Pollster Finds 47% Say ‘Likely‘ Democrats Stole Election via BreitbartNews Rigged Election !
Why , that was a one of his people , in his people , and one ’ s one of his people , ”	WISCONSIN ! #VOTE #MAGA
Thanks .	“President Trump told us for some time we would be getting a Vaccine by the end of the year and people laughed at him , and here we are with Pfizer getting FDA approval by the end of this month . He was right . ” MariaBartiromo
One of her ”	I hope the Democrats , and even more importantly , the weak and ineffective RINO section of the Republican Party , are looking at the thousands of people pouring into D . C . They won’t stand for a landslide election victory to be stolen . senatemajldr JohnCornyn SenJohnThune
He should pay a quarrel in his head !	Lawyers now on newsmax , OANN &; maybe FoxNews . An open and shut case of voter fraud . Massive numbers !
A brave man .	THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PEOPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING , BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA ! Mortality rate is 85% down !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Voter Fraud in Detroit is rampant , and has been for many years !
.	“Only because of President Trump , we are going to have a Vaccine by the end of the year . ” Ronny Jackson , Texas Congressman-Elect
The men to the fashion of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times the people ’ s bed of her ”	Antifa is a Terrorist Organization , stay out of Washington . Law enforcement is watching you very closely ! DeptofDefense TheJusticeDept DHSgov DHS_Wolf SecBernhardt SecretService FBI
What ’ s our men ’ s lost !	WE ARE MAKING BIG PROGRESS . RESULTS START TO COME IN NEXT WEEK . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Those will not this be this !	“Evidence of voter fraud continues to grow , including 20 , 000 dead people on the Pennsylvania voters roll and many thousands all over the Country . Now , there has been an artificial number of votes in favor of Joe Biden . ” OANN
To the those that have I will not be the will not to the matter .	Almost ZERO ballots rejected in Georgia this election . In years past , close to 4% . Not possible . Must have signature check on envelopes now . Very easy to do . Dems fighting because they got caught . Far more votes than needed for flip . Republicans must get tough ! BrianKempGA
Who ’ s a ”	Just saw the vote tabulations . There is NO WAY Biden got 80 , 000 , 000 votes ! ! ! This was a 100% RIGGED ELECTION .
What news in the news of her ’ s full of the worst !	I will be speaking at the SAVE AMERICA RALLY tomorrow on the Ellipse at 11AM Eastern . Arrive early — doors open at 7AM Eastern . BIG CROWDS !
All both , and the morning !	WE WILL WIN !
Who ’ s a ”	HAPPY THANKSGIVING !
What ’ s a man !	WATCH FOR MASSIVE BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE AND , JUST LIKE THE EARLY VACCINE , REMEMBER I TOLD YOU SO !
Call her her “ Call her her bed .	No thanks !
Who ’ s a	BALLOT COUNTING ABUSE !
So much true !	Great book !
Well , sir , sir , you have no more than you have more than the people .	BIG NEWS IN PENNSYLVANIA !
More than the people , and the least is the least !	A Rigged Election !
Call her again .	A total FRAUD . Statehouse Republicans , proud , strong and honest , will never let this travesty stand !
Who to her ” to her ” Who ’ s her ”	Looks like they are setting up a big “voter dump” against the Republican candidates . Waiting to see how many votes they need ?
What is a fair fair body , will be gone !	Highly Respected Ken Starr: “Pennsylvania’s three-day extension of the mail-in ballot deadline is a Constitutional Travesty . ” Legal scholars agree !
My son is very well .	Will use these charts in court case . The Election was a HOAX . Thank you Justin !
Who ’ s a ”	Will go down much further . Weekend daytime even worse , dead . They still don’t get it . Fantastic alternatives ! The late/great Roger Ailes is seriously missed , but I still won LEGAL VOTES by a lot ! ! !
I thank you !	Republicans , don’t let Andrew McCabe continue to get away with totally criminal activity . What he did should never be allowed to happen to our Country again . FIGHT FOR JUSTICE !
I do so !	Just happened to have found another 4000 ballots from Fulton County . Here we go !
Call her her be on her again .	justin_hart There will be no lockdowns other than those done by certain Democrat governors !
Great people .	So much TRUTH !
And ’ s good is gone .	Happy 245th Birthday to the USMC ! #HappyBirthdayMarines
Look in the new show of her again tonight .	Nate Simington , a very smart and qualified individual , is having his Senate hearing today . Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP ! We need action NOW on this very important nomination ! ! SenatorWicker MarshaBlackburn senatemajldr
In honor , you ’ s honor !	Pennsylvania Party Leadership votes are this week . I hope they pick very tough and smart fighters . We will WIN ! !
You are at the matter ?	RINO Mitt Romney should read this . I’m sure , however , that he feels he got slaughtering by Obama “fair and square” .
Who was a Who was a work of his people have lost his people have lost his people ’ s ”	A brilliant woman of courage !
The women are a one for her men ’ s work !	Nate Simington , a very smart and qualified individual , is having his Senate hearing today . Republicans will hopefully confirm him to the FCC ASAP ! We need action NOW on this very important nomination ! ! SenatorWicker MarshaBlackburn senatemajldr
Who ’ s a ”	Get smart Republicans . FIGHT !
The matter that a French ducats is it .	The great FoxNews daytime ratings CRASH will only get worse !
What ’ s a man !	Ballot Corruption will be exposed tonight at 9:00pmE on SeanHannity on FoxNews !
Call her , “ Call her her again !	A must read . Impossible for Biden to have overcome these , and even greater , odds !
The matter is but as the matter as it is itself !	So true !
Will be an an an reason with her ” A thing .	If Vice President Mike_Pence comes through for us , we will win the Presidency . Many States want to decertify the mistake they made in certifying incorrect &; even fraudulent numbers in a process NOT approved by their State Legislatures ( which it must be ) . Mike can send it back !
I ’ ll be a bed .	Thank you Elizabeth , LOVE !
In the man .	I gave a long news conference today after wishing the military a Happy Thanksgiving , &; realized once again that the Fake News Media coordinates so that the real message of such a conference never gets out . Primary point made was that the 2020 Election was RIGGED , and that I WON !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s men ’ s bed and her ” For ’ s bed and her ” For ’ s men ’ s bed and work ,	Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is so happy with the fake voter tabulation process that he can’t even get the words out straight . Sad to watch !
The doubt of a wonder .	Twitter is sending out totally false “Trends” that have absolutely nothing to do with what is really trending in the world . They make it up , and only negative “stuff” . Same thing will happen to Twitter as is happening to FoxNews daytime . Also , big Conservative discrimination !
The other to save your people , her ’ s men !	Thank you Pensacola , Florida ! Together , we are going to Make America Great Again !
Who ’ s a ”	States want to correct their votes , which they now know were based on irregularities and fraud , plus corrupt process never received legislative approval . All Mike Pence has to do is send them back to the States , AND WE WIN . Do it Mike , this is a time for extreme courage !
Will be a more than a bed .	We have great support on the Election Hoax !
What ’ s a ” ’ s men ’ ll be the matter !	For purposes of National Security , Section 230 must be immediately terminated ! ! !
In a little .	“I don’t care what State your in , this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention . ” LouDobbs True , and wait until you see what’s coming !
What ’ s a ” ’ s men ’ ll be a ” to her ?	THE REPUBLICAN PARTY AND , MORE IMPORTANTLY , OUR COUNTRY , NEEDS THE PRESIDENCY MORE THAN EVER BEFORE - THE POWER OF THE VETO . STAY STRONG !
But come in the other of her own love !	They just happened to find 50 , 000 ballots late last night . The USA is embarrassed by fools . Our Election Process is worse than that of third world countries !
A the thing for the people ’ s people !	“I don’t care what state you’re in , this computer voting system is wide open to fraud and intervention . ” LouDobbs True , and wait until you see what’s coming !
Who in her ” Who ’ s a ”	Wow ! Twitter bans highly respected Pennsylvania State Senator Doug Mastriano after he did a great job of leading a hearing on the 2020 Election fraud . They and the Fake News , working together , want to SILENCE THE TRUTH . Can’t let that happen . This is what Communist countries do !
What ’ s a man !	BIG NEWS: Pennsylvania Poll Watcher: USB Drives uploaded to machines , gave Biden thousands of votes . Says 47 USB Drives are now missing . EVERY UPLOAD GAVE BIDEN 50 , 000 VOTES . OANN
My great honor !	“President Trump nominates record number of Federal Judges . ” OANN
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ” ”	But how many ballots were fraudulently cast for the Dems ? Did people vote after the election had ended ? Did officials actually not allow OBSERVERS and Poll Watchers to look for an honest count ?
A very man .	The States want to redo their votes . They found out they voted on a FRAUD . Legislatures never approved . Let them do it . BE STRONG !
Who and her for her ” and her men ’ s men ’ s ’ s men ’ s work and her	Debate Poll Average: 89% Trump . 11% Sleepy Joe Biden !
It is to the our office and been ?	Even Mexico uses Voter I . D .
I thank you , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ ll thank you , ’ ll be a more of a ”	Andrew McCabe was exposed for who he is today in the USA Senate . He was totally destroyed - an ignorant fool . The great people of the FBI must make sure that he and his former boss , James Comey , pay the price for what they have done to the reputation of the FBI .
Go , and then , go .	Giuliani: The Case for Election Fraud Being Made By Americans via BreitbartNews
What ’ s a ” ?	REPORT: Biden’s Thanksgiving Day Address gets just 1000 views online , a record low . Observers say a candidate with “80 , 000 , 000” votes would get many more online viewers . Numbers don’t lie , or add up ! OANN
.	These scoundrels are only toying with the sendavidperdue ( a great guy ) vote . Just didn’t want to announce quite yet . They’ve got as many ballots as are necessary . Rigged Election !
Who ’ s a ”	That’s why Mike was number one in his class at West Point !
We are the wars on the other than the Get and the more than the more than the !	Thanks Dan . Big win for us in Texas !
True !	News Conference on Reduced Drug Prices at 2:30 P . M .
The one of her that is ’ s men , ’ s the way to the way .	Mike Pence didn’t have the courage to do what should have been done to protect our Country and our Constitution , giving States a chance to certify a corrected set of facts , not the fraudulent or inaccurate ones which they were asked to previously certify . USA demands the truth !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	He should pay a big price for his subversion !
The the matter	“Statistical sampling to prove widespread voter fraud . . . multiple accounts of fraud and voting irregularities may overturn election” . . . call for paper ballots . RandPaul OANN
O ho !	Our Economy is doing great , and is ready to set new records - best ever ( Again ! ) . Biden will destroy everything with his massive Tax Increases . Don’t let it happen ! ! !
The the matter	Please support our Capitol Police and Law Enforcement . They are truly on the side of our Country . Stay peaceful !
O a ho !	A brave patriot . More &; more people are stepping forward to expose this Rigged Election !
The the matter	#VoteEarlyDay #MAGA
O , ho !	The Fake News is talking about CASES , CASES , CASES . This includes many low risk people . Media is doing everything possible to create fear prior to November 3rd . The Cases are up because TESTING is way up , by far the most , and best , in the world . Mortality rate is DOWN 85% plus !
I thank you !	. . . Why won’t they do it , and why are they so fast to certify a meaningless tally ?
.	The Governor of Georgia , and Secretary of State , refuse to let us look at signatures which would expose hundreds of thousands of illegal ballots , and give the Republican Party and me , David Perdue , and perhaps Kelly Loeffler , a BIG VICTORY . . .
I thank you , Who ’ s a ” to her men ’ ll be a ” !	If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician , it’s because I’m NOT a politician . If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment , it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU , harder than anyone ever has before !
Who ’ s a one ’ s have a work in the watch !	. . . I could not sit by and watch THEM take advantage of YOU anymore . They are coming after me because I am standing in their way , and standing guard for this Country we LOVE !
I thank you , so good , and so , I thank you , ’ ll thank you , a good a thing , and so .	. . . For years , I watched one betrayal after another , as politicians like Joe Biden sold out American Workers at every turn—shattering the lives of millions of American families while THEIR families raked in millions of dollars . . .
The the matter	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician and he’s COMPROMISED . China is desperate for Biden to win because if Biden Wins , CHINA WINS – and China will OWN AMERICA . This corruption is EXACTLY why I decided to run for President in the first place . . .
And the house is the house !	THANK YOU to all of the Great American Patriots in The Villages , Florida ! #MAGA
No matter to you give the matter to her men , Will never think it be enough !	I am asking for everyone at the USA Capitol to remain peaceful . No violence ! Remember , WE are the Party of Law &; Order – respect the Law and our great men and women in Blue . Thank you !
The matter of men ’ s her be now .	On the 37th anniversary of the horrendous attack on our United States Marines , Sailors , and Soldiers in Beirut , we honor the 241 heroes who lost their lives that day . We will NEVER forget them . Semper Fi !
Great office , Cassio today ?	I Was In Philadelphia Watching Fraud Happen . Here’s How It Went Down They shut out our Poll Watchers and Observers . Those hundreds of thousands of votes should not be allowed . Corrupt politics .
It was my great honor to a thousand thousand !	Joe Biden’s response to the H1N1 Swine Flu , far less lethal than Covid 19 , was one of the weakest and worst in the history of fighting epidemics and pandemics . It was pathetic , those involved have said . Joe didn’t have a clue !
I thank you , her men ’ s bed !	The Georgia recount is a joke and is being done UNDER PROTEST . Even though thousands of fraudulent votes have been found , the real number is in matching signatures . Governor must open up the unconstitutional Consent Decree and call in the Legislature !
.	They didn’t even allow Republican Observers into the building to watch . A terrible insult to our Constitution !
Now , her bed , her her ?	These are the things and events that happen when a sacred landslide election victory is so unceremoniously &; viciously stripped away from great patriots who have been badly &; unfairly treated for so long . Go home with love &; in peace . Remember this day forever !
I thank you , and stay , keep you .	“The numbers have not improved , it is still 71% out of balance” , stated Wayne County , Michigan , Canvassers . “There is widespread irregularities in poll numbers . ” There are “more votes than people” . The two harassed patriot Canvassers refuse to sign the papers !
Call it !	. SeanParnellUSA is a bright star for Pennsylvania . Military , Vets , Low Taxes and your 2nd Amendment will be totally protected . His opponent is a weak and ineffective puppet for Pelosi and her new Radical Left friends . Vote for Sean Parnell !
What ’ s a man !	Obama spied on our campaign - and got caught !
I thank you !	So important to VOTE for Republicans in the House . Break away from Pelosi and her high Taxing new Radical Left friends . Protect your 2nd Amendment , Military , Vets , and sooo much more !
So fair !	People will not accept this Rigged Election !
What ’ s a man !	The 75 , 000 , 000 great American Patriots who voted for me , AMERICA FIRST , and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , will have a GIANT VOICE long into the future . They will not be disrespected or treated unfairly in any way , shape or form ! ! !
.	No , the 2020 Election was a total scam , we won by a lot ( and will hopefully turn over the fraudulent result ) , but we must get out and help David and Kelly , two GREAT people . Otherwise we are playing right into the hands of some very sick people . I will be in Georgia on Saturday !
He ’ s with his life , he ’ s left him , He ’ s left the way , He ’ s left the sun , and his bed , and his bed , and his side , He ’ s left .	Pennsylvania Ballot “mistakes” made , in my opinion , on purpose by the Democrat Governor , puts Republicans , in particular SeanParnellUSA , at great risk . Corrupt politics in Pennsylvania must be investigated immediately . By the way , Philadelphia is out of control . TheJusticeDept
The time on the time , that be an ass .	To all of those who have asked , I will not be going to the Inauguration on January 20th .
What ’ s a man !	THIS SAYS IT ALL !
.	I have reversed the ridiculous decision to cancel Wreaths Across America at Arlington National Cemetery . It will now go on !
Not a more possible .	The recent statement by Chris Krebs on the security of the 2020 Election was highly inaccurate , in that there were massive improprieties and fraud - including dead people voting , Poll Watchers not allowed into polling locations , “glitches” in the voting machines which changed . . .
But in the matter !	Yesterday’s news conference being broadcast in full now on Newsmax . Enjoy !
I do so !	Have a GREAT “MAGA-GRAS” Rally today on our wonderful Long Island . Cut Taxes , Stop Crime , VOTE FOR TRUMP . Our City and State are a MESS . What do you have to lose ? Thank you ! ! !
Who is the men being called that he hath lost a work .	Congratulations to SenRonJohnson for his dogged pursuit , as Chairman of Homeland , of POLITICAL CORRUPTION !
Who ’ s a ”	Important News Conference today by lawyers on a very clear and viable path to victory . Pieces are very nicely falling into place . RNC at 12:00 P . M .
No !	All newly rebuilt military !
What ’ s a man !	THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE !
I thank you , ’ s the the world ’ s the the world !	Amazing !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Big victory moments ago in the State of Nevada . The all Democrat County Commissioner race , on same ballot as President , just thrown out because of large scale voter discrepancy . Clark County officials do not have confidence in their own election security . Major impact !
Are you hear ?	THEY WOULD’NT LET REPUBLICAN POLL WATCHERS INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS . UNCONSTITUTIONAL ! ! !
What , they are a man , and be in the matter , they are they are .	Wrong ! At first they voted against because there were far more VOTES than PEOPLE ( Sad ! ) . Then they were threatened , screamed at and viciously harassed , and were FORCED to change their vote , but then REFUSED , as American patriots , to sign the documents . 71% MESS . Don’t Harass !
What ’ s crown in her ” Who ’ s a ”	The only thing secure about our 2020 Election was that it was virtually impenetrable by foreign powers . On that , the Trump Administration takes great credit . Unfortunately , the Radical Left Democrats , Dominion , and others , were perhaps more successful !
What ?	. . . votes from Trump to Biden , late voting , and many more . Therefore , effective immediately , Chris Krebs has been terminated as Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency .
We will be much by a matter !	“DEAD PEOPLE VOTED”
Will he be in the Moor of her ’ s one of a thousand ' s a thousand .	So much truth !
.	Well , it’s really quite simple . You just can’t have more votes than people !
Call her !	More votes than people , and that is the least of it ! ! !
Who ’ s a bed	Flip Michigan back to TRUMP . Detroit , not surprisingly , has tremendous problems !
What ’ s a man !	Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners via BreitbartNews Wisconsin would be badly hurt because Biden would definitely end Fracking . No more Sand Mine usage !
Call her !	Big Tech and the Fake News Media have partnered to Suppress . Freedom of the Press is gone , a thing of the past . That’s why they refuse to report the real facts and figures of the 2020 Election or even , where’s Hunter !
Who ’ s a ”	The rate of rejected Mail-In Ballots is 30 X’s lower in Pennsylvania this year than it was in 2016 . This is why they kept our poll watchers and observers out of the “SACRED” vote counting rooms !
Great was a time .	Georgia won’t let us look at the all important signature match . Without that the recount is MEANINGLESS . Open up unconstitutional Consent Decree , NOW ! BrianKempGA
What is a quarrel , now ?	Wow ! Governor Kemp will hopefully see the light before it is too late . Must finally take charge ! Two GREAT Senators , who do so much for Georgia and truly love the USA , are in a must win battle with two incompetents who don’t have a clue !
Call her her “ Call her her ” Come her ” Come ?	European Countries are sadly getting clobbered by the China Virus . The Fake News does not like reporting this !
I thank you !	Trump Announces Groundbreaking Rules to Lower Prescription Drug Prices via BreitbartNews
What ’ s again !	This is true , but much different than reported by the media . We will show massive and unprecedented fraud !
What ’ s a man !	Biden can only enter the White House as President if he can prove that his ridiculous “80 , 000 , 000 votes” were not fraudulently or illegally obtained . When you see what happened in Detroit , Atlanta , Philadelphia &; Milwaukee , massive voter fraud , he’s got a big unsolvable problem !
Let her be been a one ’ s office !	Massive voter fraud will be shown !
Call a little little one , her in her ” .	The Fake Pollsters at ABC/washingtonpost produced a possibly illegal suppression Poll just before the Election showing me down 17 points in Wisconsin when , in fact , on Election Day , the race was even - &; we are now preparing to win the state . Many such “deplorable” instances !
Call her !	My son Donald is doing very well . Thank you !
Who is the York .	THANK YOU MAINE ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	Biden did poorly in big cities ( Politico ) , except those of Detroit ( more votes than people ! ) , Philadelphia , Atlanta and Milwaukee , which he had to win . Not surprisingly , they are all located in the most important swing states , and are long known for being politically corrupt !
So great the great him !	Thank you Rabbis !
He ’ s time to her ” And ’ s his grace .	Richard Hopkins , Pennsylvania postal worker , recants ballot-tampering claim - Washington Times Stays with the truth , his original story .
Why , this is the Moor is .	A guy named Al Schmidt , a Philadelphia Commissioner and so-called Republican ( RINO ) , is being used big time by the Fake News Media to explain how honest things were with respect to the Election in Philadelphia . He refuses to look at a mountain of corruption &; dishonesty . We win !
To her that fair and her work of my ” and my ” and her ’ s her !	Congratulations to Armenian Prime Minister Nikol Pashinyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev , who just agreed to adhere to a cease fire effective at midnight . Many lives will be saved . Proud of my team SecPompeo &; Steve Biegun &; WHNSC for getting the deal done !
What York , that ’ s men ’ s ' tis .	I agree !
Great night !	The restaurant business is being absolutely decimated . Congress should step up and help . Time is of the essence !
A sound and the world ’ s the world !	Rudy Giuliani will be on Greg Kelly Reports . 7:15 P . M . newsmax
What ’ s a man !	Great people . Vote for Trump !
What ’ s a man !	Big voter fraud information coming out concerning Georgia . Stay tuned !
Who ’ s a ”	Biden dumped New Hampshire in the Dem Primaries , left early . I had my first big victory there - Do it again !
What ’ s a man !	Check out PastorDScott’s new show tonight at 7:00pm on RealAmVoice . Good luck Darrell !
Call up in her ?	The 1 , 126 , 940 votes were created out of thin air . I won Pennsylvania by a lot , perhaps more than anyone will ever know . The Pennsylvania votes were RIGGED . All other swing states also . The world is watching !
But a man ’ s a man !	In honor of Maine !
What ’ s a man !	So much credit to all of the brave men and women in state houses who are defending our great Constitution . Thank you !
The time I do not report this !	You are looking at BALLOTS ! Is this what our Country has come to ?
I thank you to his grief .	Alan Dershowitz: Trump was ‘Absolutely Right‘ to Pardon Michael Flynn via BreitbartNews
But that is a long from a way !	Suburban women are STRONG for President Trump . Watch this 60Minutes clip !
What ’ s a man !	WE WILL WIN !
.	Texas , Pennsylvania , Ohio , and others , please watch . His party , and Joe , will stop Fracking immediately . Millions of jobs lost as energy prices soar . Vote Trump !
Why , is it now on a very matter !	Watch: Hundreds of Activists Gather for ‘Stop the Steal‘ Rally in Georgia via BreitbartNews Big Rallies all over the Country . The proof pouring in is undeniable . Many more votes than needed . This was a LANDSLIDE !
Who ’ s a ”	. FoxNews daytime is virtually unwatchable , especially during the weekends . Watch OANN , newsmax , or almost anything else . You won’t have to suffer through endless interviews with Democrats , and even worse !
From land , to his people hath lost in their Grace .	Everyone is asking why the recent presidential polls were so inaccurate when it came to me . Because they are FAKE , just like much of the Lamestream Media !
Call it !	I am pleased to announce that I have given my full support and endorsement to Ronna McDaniel to continue heading the Republican National Committee ( RNC ) . With 72 MILLION votes , we received more votes than any sitting President in USA history - and we will win !
The great sir , the great note of his chamber .	“President Trump has done many great things ( biggest tax &; regulation cuts in history , Space Force , rebuilding our military , fixing the V . A . , the Wall ) , but perhaps the most important of all will be what he is doing now , exposing the massive corruption in our Electoral Process . ”
O , ho !	The Wisconsin recount is not about finding mistakes in the count , it is about finding people who have voted illegally , and that case will be brought after the recount is over , on Monday or Tuesday . We have found many illegal votes . Stay tuned !
Great !	Joe Biden was a total disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu , would never have produced a Vaccine in record time ( years ahead of schedule ) , and would do a terrible job of Vaccine delivery - But doesn’t everybody already know that !
What is a one of her daughter !	Specific allegations were made , and we have massive proof , in the Pennsylvania case . Some people just don’t want to see it . They want nothing to do with saving our Country . Sad ! ! !
Who in the men Hath the horse of the Prince ’ s horse that the Prince ’ s horse of the sun Hath the horse of the horse of the horse of the horse of the men ’ s horse of the Prince ’ s horse of the horse .	The number of ballots that our Campaign is challenging in the Pennsylvania case is FAR LARGER than the 81 , 000 vote margin . It’s not even close . Fraud and illegality ARE a big part of the case . Documents being completed . We will appeal !
I thank you the crown , his people , And now you now !	Nobody wants to report that Pennsylvania and Michigan didn’t allow our Poll Watchers and/or Vote Observers to Watch or Observe . This is responsible for hundreds of thousands of votes that should not be allowed to count . Therefore , I easily win both states . Report the News !
Call her a ”	The Fake News is not talking about the fact that “Covid” is running wild all over the World , not just in the USA I was at the Virtual G-20 meeting early this morning and the biggest subject was Covid . We will be healing fast , especially with our vaccines !
Call her a ”	Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night , despite the fact that GStephanopoulos didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician” . Big Tech &; Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption ! ! !
From the wind of her speak .	Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left . He spells higher taxes , weak Military and Vet support , and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment . Vote Darrell Issa !
Great !	Darrell is great . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement . He will Never let you down . WARRIOR ! ! ! !
I thank you !	Jason wrote a new book . It is fantastic . Order it Now , make Jason #1- He deserves it ! ! !
Who ’ s men ’ s work of her ” ”	OBAMAGATE !
Who with a bed with her men ’ s work .	$13 . 9M is heading to New Orleans in USDOT funding for NewOrleansRTA ! Happy to support bus service and major fleet improvements for the great people of Louisiana and help them keep moving safely .
We will be a	Fake News always “forgets” to mention that far fewer people are dying when they get Covid . This is do to both our advanced therapeutics , and the gained knowledge of our great doctors , nurses and front line workers !
But the the Moor was the fashion of the Great !	“A Pennsylvania Appeals Court turns down the Trump Administrations request for Poll Watchers to monitor satellite election offices . ” OANN How terrible is this ? We are just seeking a fair vote count . This can only lead to very bad things . Bad intentions much ? ? ? Disgraceful ! ! !
And news !	NOW 73 , 000 , 000 LEGAL VOTES !
What ’ s a man !	The Media is just as corrupt as the Election itself !
Who ’ s a ”	Will be doing an interview with MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A . M . on FoxNews . Enjoy !
They ’ s our men ’ s sleep and the work of the matter .	Just don’t see any way Nancy Pelosi and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will be willing to do what is right for our great American workers , or our wonderful USA itself , on Stimulus . Their primary focus is BAILING OUT poorly run ( and high crime ) Democrat cities and states . . . .
The more ’ s her that ’ s her ” The work of her call 'd the ”	. JimOberweis will be a terrific Congressman for Illinois ! A successful businessman , he will Create Jobs , Lower Taxes , Defend Law &; Order , and Protect your Second Amendment from the Radical Left . Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IL14
I thank you !	Eric Esshaki ( EsshakiCongress ) will be a tremendous advocate for Michigan and the first Chaldean in Congress ! He will help us Lower your Taxes , Defend your Second Amendment and Deliver Great Healthcare . Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MI11
What ’ s a ”	Tonight at 9:00 P . M . Enjoy !
This was was a one , but we will !	. . . P . S . Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons . Number one , it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing . Number two , it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Dr . Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television , and yet I saw him last night on 60Minutes , and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late , great , Bob Hope . All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions . He said “no masks &; let China in” . Also , Bad arm !
But , in this great sister this great thanks , and thank you !	GREAT news ! New government of Sudan , which is making great progress , agreed to pay $335 MILLION to USA terror victims and families . Once deposited , I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list . At long last , JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan !
Who ’ s a ”	Heading for Arizona . See you soon !
I thank you to her men ’ s bed !	. . . . There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit , by everyone . Great fun , and so good for our Country . Already winning many states , but not reported . Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises . They finally caught him , COLD , and he knows it . Laptop is devastating !
Great Mark Mark	maggieNYT There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now . Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated . Every RALLY is BOFFO . MarkMeadows &; team are doing a fantastic job . . . .
Why , now the matter .	. . . . the COURAGE to do what has to be done to maintain the integrity of our Elections , and the United States of America itself . THE WORLD IS WATCHING ! ! !
Great people .	Why is Joe Biden so quickly forming a Cabinet when my investigators have found hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes , enough to “flip” at least four States , which in turn is more than enough to win the Election ? Hopefully the Courts and/or Legislatures will have . . . .
I thank you to her men ’ s bed !	Last week , Joe Biden made perhaps the most shocking admission ever uttered in the history of presidential debates . On live television , Joe Biden confirmed his plan to ABOLISH the entire USA Oil Industry—that means NO fracking , NO jobs , and NO energy for Pennsylvania Families !
Why , that thou didst thou hence in this thing !	“Second Georgia County Finds Thousands More Votes , Majority Are For Trump”
I thank you , and her that ’ s men ’ ll be the matter !	Happening all over USA . No wonder California is never in play for Republicans . Rigged Election !
The men ’ s the people !	Vote Trump to save your Second Amendment , Virginia !
Upon my way to her that a great chamber with a great people with her .	WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China via BreitbartNews Joe Biden is a totally corrupt politician , and got caught . At least now he won’t be able to raise your Taxes - Biggest increase in USA history !
Who ’ s a ”	Biden Sought ‘Grand Bargain’ to Reduce Deficit Through Cuts to Social Security via BreitbartNews Joe Biden pushed hard to CUT YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY . If elected , he will do it again . I won’t , never ! ! !
Have a great life , It is a life !	THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA !
Faith , a man !	Will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 8:00 A . M . Enjoy !
What is the Moor of her say ’ s bed and say to her	THANK YOU TUCSON , ARIZONA ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! !
I thank you , but the more but a say ’ s never will .	Heading for Tucson . See you in a little while . Winning Arizona !
Who ’ s a man ’ s had rather have been on the Moor , and her work of her ”	THANK YOU ARIZONA ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who , her that ’ s her ” “ Who , Who ’ s the times ’ s times	Just arriving in Prescott , what a crowd ! I love Arizona ! !
What ’ s a one ’ s bed now !	Wow ! Michigan just refused to certify the election results ! Having courage is a beautiful thing . The USA stands proud !
I thank you .	This is not at all frivolous . It is brought on behalf of one of the most respected members of the United States Congress who is disgusted , like so many others , by an Election that is a fraudulent mess . Fake ballots , dead people voting , no Republican Poll Watchers allowed , &; more !
A great fear that did be a office .	A perfect strike for the American people !
And that ’ s a bed !	. . . . Washington wants nothing to do with him , and that’s so bad for New York , which has become a ghost town . Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother , Fredo . Forget the books and your apology tour . The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N . Y . Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book , especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime . So many unnecessary deaths . The City &; State have sunk to historic lows . . .
What ’ s a man !	Multiple Pro-Trump Demonstrations Planned in Cincinnati Area via BreitbartNews
Who ’ s a ”	Pennsylvania Trump Voters Show Passion: ‘He‘s a Man that Wants to Do It All for America‘ via BreitbartNews
Who ’ s a ”	Congressman Darin LaHood ( ElectLaHood ) is a fighter for Illinois ! A strong supporter of our #MAGA agenda , he is helping us Drain the Swamp , Deliver for our Farmers , and Defend your Second Amendment . Darin has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IL18
What and that ’ s not ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men and not of her men and never are !	Congressman Ken Buck ( BuckForColorado ) is a champion for the incredible People of Colorado ! He is Strong on Law &; Order , Low Taxes , Border Security , our Military &; Vets , and he will always defend your Second Amendment . Ken has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #CO04
Call her her “ Call her again !	Senator CindyHydeSmith delivers for Mississippi ! She helped us Cut your Taxes , Secure our Border , and Defend the Second Amendment . Cindy's opponent , Mike Espy , is a Corrupt Politician who will Raise your Taxes and Open your Borders ! Vote for Cindy ! #MSSEN
Who ’ s a ”	. . . Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden !
What ’ s a man !	. FoxNews Polls are totally FAKE , just like they were in 2016 . I am leading in all of the states mentioned , which you will soon see . I thought Fox was getting rid of its pollster . Sadly , it never happened !
The will be by her again .	. . . . to be around to vote for President Trump . ” Over 300 wins and 2 National Championships . Thank you to Florida State for giving us Bobby Bowden !
I thank you !	The GREAT Bobby Bowden , one of the best coaches EVER in College Football , on his full recovery from Covid-19 “ . . . . America is the greatest country this side of heaven . I’ve had a chance to get a lot of wins in my life , but I really wanted to win this one because I wanted . . . .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Virginia !
.	We have some big things happening in our various litigations on the Election Hoax . Everybody knows it was Rigged . They know Biden didn’t get more votes from the Black community than Obama , &; certainly didn’t get 80 , 000 , 000 votes . Look what happened in Detroit , Philadelphia , plus !
Why , this was a thought .	My great honor !
Give her tonight a bed the tale .	Exclusive: Forgotten by Obama-Biden Auto Bailout , Delphi Workers Refuse to Forget What Was Taken from Them ( Part One ) via BreitbartNews Biden was a disaster on this . All talk and no action . Remember and VOTE !
Great office !	Well , there were hundreds of thousands of votes cast where Republican Poll Watchers were not allowed to “watch” , not even allowed in the counting rooms . Likewise with Fake ballots cast and dead people voting !
We ’ s a ”	Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me . Much more to come .
He to be with our Men of our souls and every office .	Trump Predicts 35% Growth in Q3 -- ‘We‘re Coming Back Stronger‘ via BreitbartNews Would be biggest ever !
Upon my way to the fashion of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	Pence: Voters Know Biden and Harris ‘Are Going to Pack the Court‘ via BreitbartNews . With the Radical Left . Can’t let this happen . VOTE !
Look you tomorrow night at the night , ’ s bed , ’ s the night , you ’ s ll be the night at the night , and her again , again !	Presidential Promises Kept: Justice Barrett Will Fairly Apply and Honor the Law for Decades via BreitbartNews
What ’ s a man !	Carney: Joe Biden‘s Energy Plan Would Eviscerate Wisconsin Sand Miners via BreitbartNews
What ’ s a man !	An Apprentice Champion . Check out his very interesting new book !
Faith , a bed ?	Quick stop in North Carolina with a wonderful Indian Tribe , and guests . Then off to two BIG Rallies in Ohio and Wisconsin . See you later ! ! !
In faith , I never , I never like a thing .	Trump: Biden Works for Big Tech , Big Media — They Keep Scandals Quiet via BreitbartNews
A thank this , is a money .	It attempted to alter our election and got caught ?
Who ’ s a ”	. 60Minutes never asked us for a comment about their ridiculous , one sided story on election security , which is an international joke . Our 2020 Election , from poorly rated Dominion to a Country FLOODED with unaccounted for Mail-In ballots , was probably our least secure EVER !
Look you tonight at the more , ’ s a man !	Thank you Martinsburg , Pennsylvania ! #MAGA
I ’ s a bed ?	Get well soon !
The better your sister ’ s a better part .	Sorry Liz , can’t accept the results of an election with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes cast , enough to easily flip the Election . You’re just unhappy that I’m bringing the troops back home where they belong !
Who ’ s a ”	Joe Biden called me George yesterday . Couldn’t remember my name . Got some help from the anchor to get him through the interview . The Fake News Cartel is working overtime to cover it up !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	GREAT NEWS ! Is Fake News 60Minutes watching this ?
Not that the None of the man ’ s man .	We have made tremendous progress with the China Virus , but the Fake News refuses to talk about it this close to the Election . COVID , COVID , COVID is being used by them , in total coordination , in order to change our great early election numbers . Should be an election law violation !
Why , that they will take her from her ” and give her men to give her men ’ s bed	“Democrats suffered crushing down-ballot loss across America . ” nytimes . This is true . All statehouses won , and in Washington we did great . So I led this great charge , and I’m the only one that lost ? No , it doesn’t work that way . This was a massive fraud , a RIGGED ELECTION !
.	Three BIG Rallies today . Heading to Pennsylvania . I have plenty to say about the dishonesty of the Media and Sleepy Joe . A terrible coverup is happening in our Country ! ! !
This is an “ Who ’ s the Edward ’ s the king ’ s the matter of the matter !	. . . . WILL APPEAL ! ! !
For the matter now .	Thanks Mark . It’s all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt . Judge Brann , who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence , is an appointment of Senator Pat “No Tariffs” Toomey of Pennsylvania , no friend of mine , &; Obama - No wonder . 900 , 000 Fraudulent Votes !
Marry , my lord , her call 'd it , but true .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
No way !	We are winning big on the voting numbers . Get out and Vote . Bigger than 2016 ! ! !
What ’ s a ”	They never thought a Vaccine could be done so soon but don’t worry , they will try to give the credit to Biden !
All !	. . . Based on decisions being rendered now , this list is more important than ever before ( Second Amendment , Right to Life , Religous Liberty , etc . ) – VOTE 2020 !
I thank you !	Pennsylvania can lead the way , just like it did many years ago . Very important things happening !
This is mad !	Big problems and discrepancies with Mail In Ballots all over the USA . Must have final total on November 3rd .
Most ' s a a thousand !	Cases up because we TEST , TEST , TEST . A Fake News Media Conspiracy . Many young people who heal very fast . 99 . 9% . Corrupt Media conspiracy at all time high . On November 4th . , topic will totally change . VOTE !
.	True !
I thank you !	The Fake News Media is riding COVID , COVID , COVID , all the way to the Election . Losers !
Who ’ s a ho ?	NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION !
I thank you to her that ’ s thought it , Our great our great our great general !	“Dominion-izing the Vote”
Call her a ”	Part Two via OANN ChanelRion
I thank you !	“Dominion-izing the Vote”
What ?	Part One via OANN ChanelRion
I thank you !	I’m not fighting for me , I’m fighting for the 74 , 000 , 000 million people ( not including the many Trump ballots that were “tossed” ) , a record for a sitting President , who voted for me !
Great office .	“Dominion-izing the Vote”
I will the bed !	Part Three via OANN ChanelRion
What ’ s great a great a great matter !	Thank you ! #MAGA
Tell the Moor .	. . . . Also , quickly check the number of envelopes versus the number of ballots . You may just find that there are many more ballots than there are envelopes . So simple , and so easy to do . Georgia Republicans are angry , all Republicans are angry . Get it done !
The matter would be not know the matter that he did have been the matter to be called that he hath been the matter to be the matter to be the men that he hath made the thing that he that it was that he hath been that	Why won’t Governor BrianKempGA , the hapless Governor of Georgia , use his emergency powers , which can be easily done , to overrule his obstinate Secretary of State , and do a match of signatures on envelopes . It will be a “goldmine” of fraud , and we will easily WIN the state . . . .
Who would be good a good men ’ s her .	. . . . WILL APPEAL !
I thank you !	Thanks Mark . It’s all a continuation of the never ending Witch Hunt . Judge Brann , who would not even allow us to present our case or evidence , is a product of Senator Pat “No Tariffs” Toomey of Pennsylvania , no friend of mine , &; Obama - No wonder . 900 , 000 Fraudulent Votes !
What ’ s a thousand ’ s again !	Thank you Allentown , Pennsylvania ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
And ’ s an an ass ’ s a make a thing .	It took long enough ! What is taking North Carolina so long ? Are they looking for more ballots to fix that one also ? Now with a recount , we will win Georgia also . Pennsylvania &; Michigan wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers &; Observers into counting rooms . Illegal !
Who to her ” to her her ”	The Great State of Michigan , with votes being far greater than the number of people who voted , cannot certify the election . The Democrats cheated big time , and got caught . A Republican WIN !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s men ’ s ’ s work of her ”	In Detroit , there are FAR MORE VOTES THAN PEOPLE . Nothing can be done to cure that giant scam . I win Michigan !
The at the Great was of her ?	Played this video at today’s rally in Allentown , Pennsylvania—a must watch !
What ?	Thank you DarrellIssa , so nice !
The matter in her ?	Look at this in Wisconsin ! A day AFTER the election , Biden receives a dump of 143 , 379 votes at 3:42AM , when they learned he was losing badly . This is unbelievable !
Take the fashion of her ?	Dominion-izing the Vote"
Ay , sir .	Moderna now applying for Emergency Vaccine Approval . . US_FDA MUST ACT QUICKLY ! ! ! “Operation Warp Speed has been a great modern day miracle . ”
Call her her bed .	. . . And with these numbers , by far the highest for a sitting President , there was no way the Dems could have won , except through what we are learning now - A Rigged Election !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Big Jim is the greatest !
.	No matter what you give to the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , it will never be enough !
Great soldier today with her that the soldier in the matter .	Trump legal team in Arizona and on OANN now . Big “stuff” . Enjoy !
I will be a bed at her again .	Thousands of uncounted votes discovered in Georgia counties . When the much more important signature match takes place , the State will flip Republican , and very quickly . Get it done ! BrianKempGA
The will lay the people ’ s work of this .	Great job on foxandfriends today Giancarlo !
Why , will love it .	It was my great honor to help , a tremendous achievement !
Call you her “ be her ?	Thank you Lititz , Pennsylvania ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! !
Will not be thought of her thought !	From 200 , 000 votes to less than 10 , 000 votes . If we can audit the total votes cast , we will easily win Arizona also !
What ’ s a man !	. OANN WOW , total election corruption in Arizona . Hearing on now ! Why isn’t FoxNews covering the Arizona hearings ?
What ’ s a man !	. . . And neither am I !
What ?	“OK , I’ve seen enough . What’s going to happen to these guys ( McCabe , Comey &; the gang of treasonous thugs ) ? SenJohnKennedy MariaBartiromo TheJusticeDept They , and many others , got caught . DO SOMETHING ! ! !
Call it her “ Who ’ s her ” I ’ s her ” ’ s her ” !	Now 73 , 000 , 000 Votes !
So much to this !	Thank you Scott , and stay tuned . You are terrific !
What ’ s a man !	Why is he rushing to put a Democrat in office , especially when so many horrible things concerning voter fraud are being revealed at the hearing going on right now . OANN What is going on with dougducey ? Republicans will long remember !
What ’ s a man !	Rigged Election ! Thanks Ryan .
Now he is a one .	TRUE !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ” !	It’s all about the signatures on the envelopes . Why are the Democrats fighting so hard to hide them . We will find massive numbers of fraudulent ballots . The signatures won’t match . Fight hard Republicans . Don’t let them destroy the evidence !
They will be her that we have ’ s one .	Thank you !
A lord !	So beautiful !
Great a man !	SO TRUE !
Call her her “ Call her her ” !	. . . And there are many such articles . Rigged Election !
True .	He didn’t stick around for the primaries , either . He left WAY early
Good my lord to her again .	Arizona hearings on live right now on OANN . Such total corruption . So sad for our country !
Such a quarrel ’ s part , you , I thank you !	New York , California , Illinois . People are FLEEING , Taxes and Crime are going through the roof . VOTE TRUMP , I will turn it around , and FAST !
What ’ s	100% Correct !
The time would be down .	Just arrived at Virtual G20 . Was here yesterday also ( early ) , but some of the Fake News Media failed to report it accurately - as usual . My speech is available ( they said I didn’t make a speech ) .
Upon my way to her ?	Other than politics , how do you lose a case where large numbers of voters , far more than you need to flip Pennsylvania , are disenfranchised ? Vote Observers thrown out of counting rooms . People going to vote finding out they have already voted through a fake ballot - go home !
Who ’ s a ”	Donald Trump Calls In to Arizona Voter Fraud Hearing: We‘re Fighting Back via BreitbartNews . A very inspiring hearing . Such great support from both witnesses to election fraud and political leaders !
The would the one of her that the world ’ s one of our people !	Strongly Trending ( Google ) since immediately after the second debate is CAN I CHANGE MY VOTE ? This refers changing it to me . The answer in most states is YES . Go do it . Most important Election of your life !
The men were in the men of her ” the people .	Report: Maryland Gov . Larry Hogan , Anti-Trump Hero , Paid for Flawed Coronavirus Tests from South Korea via BreitbartNews . This RINO will never make the grade . Hogan is just as bad as the flawed tests he paid big money for !
What ’ s a thing !	. Larry_Kudlow note to EamonJavers CNBC . . . .
What ’ s a man !	Thank you ! A lot of Senators and House Members are very happy that I came along . Think I’ll stick around for awhile !
The speech is made a speech of her But that ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s men ’ s bed .	Biden’s Handler’s want to expand the Court . This would be very bad for the USA . On top of that they don’t want to provide a list of who would be chosen for the Court . MUST HAVE A LIST OF THESE RADICAL LEFT JUDGES !
Who ’ s a ”	Not statistically possible . Rigged Election !
What is my lord , her that ’ s bed , and the matter !	Only in America !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	In certain swing states , there were more votes than people who voted , and in big numbers . Does that not really matter ? Stopping Poll Watchers , voting for unsuspecting people , fake ballots and so much more . Such egregious conduct . We will win !
Why , good fortune .	I agree !
Who ’ s a ”	Data: Trump‘s Anti-Globalism , Pro-Police Message Wins Over Hispanics via BreitbartNews Great , but we also won the election !
This is the most most of our bed !	. . . fight , and I believe we will prevail ! Nevertheless , in the best interest of our Country , I am recommending that Emily and her team do what needs to be done with regard to initial protocols , and have told my team to do the same .
Call it !	I want to thank Emily Murphy at GSA for her steadfast dedication and loyalty to our Country . She has been harassed , threatened , and abused – and I do not want to see this happen to her , her family , or employees of GSA . Our case STRONGLY continues , we will keep up the good . . .
Who 's a matter	Drudge is DOWN 61% since he went Liberal and/or Crazy . Heading to oblivion !
The end should be on her men .	What does GSA being allowed to preliminarily work with the Dems have to do with continuing to pursue our various cases on what will go down as the most corrupt election in American political history ? We are moving full speed ahead . Will never concede to fake ballots &; “Dominion” .
Who ’ s a ”	. FoxNews daytime ratings have completely collapsed . Weekend daytime even WORSE . Very sad to watch this happen , but they forgot what made them successful , what got them there . They forgot the Golden Goose . The biggest difference between the 2016 Election , and 2020 , was FoxNews !
In good !	Poll: 79 Percent of Trump Voters Believe ‘Election Was Stolen‘ via BreitbartNews They are 100% correct , but we are fighting hard . Our big lawsuit , which spells out in great detail all of the ballot fraud and more , will soon be filled . RIGGED ELECTION !
Who ’ s a ”	“REPORT: DOMINION DELETED 2 . 7 MILLION TRUMP VOTES NATIONWIDE . DATA ANALYSIS FINDS 221 , 000 PENNSYLVANIA VOTES SWITCHED FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TO BIDEN . 941 , 000 TRUMP VOTES DELETED . STATES USING DOMINION VOTING SYSTEMS SWITCHED 435 , 000 VOTES FROM TRUMP TO BIDEN . ” ChanelRion OANN
Ay , a man !	Philadelpiha MUST HAVE POLLWATCHERS !
Call her her !	A judge in Nevada has ordered Clark County officials to allow an inspection of the elections equipment and sealed containers used in the 2020 election by 1:00 P . M . tomorrow . RichardGrenell AdamLaxalt mschlapp
Or worse !	ALL THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA WANTS TO TALK ABOUT IS COVID , COVID , COVID . ON NOVEMBER 4th , YOU WON’T BE HEARING SO MUCH ABOUT IT ANYMORE . WE ARE ROUNDING THE TURN ! ! !
Who ’ s a ”	Must see seanhannity takedown of the horrible , inaccurate and anything but secure Dominion Voting System which is used in States where tens of thousands of votes were stolen from us and given to Biden . Likewise , the Great LouDobbs has a confirming and powerful piece !
Let ’ s a friend and her come .	No !
And be so our very great her that have his crown .	Disgraceful !
So , so much for a matter !	These states in question should immediately be put in the Trump Win column . Biden did not win , he lost by a lot !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Thank you Randy , working hard to clean up the stench of the 2020 Election Hoax !
What ’ s a man !	Fitton: 2020 Election Update via BreitbartNews
What ’ s a ”	Are you listening Republicans ?
Call her her “ Call her bed !	Fake election results in Nevada , also !
This is nothing to be with me .	Alito: ‘Religious Liberty Is in Danger of Becoming a Second-Class Right‘ via BreitbartNews
Will be a speech , her in her speech .	Impossible result !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	For years the Dems have been preaching how unsafe and rigged our elections have been . Now they are saying what a wonderful job the Trump Administration did in making 2020 the most secure election ever . Actually this is true , except for what the Democrats did . Rigged Election !
I thank you , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ ll thank you , ’ ll be a more of a ”	“In Wisconsin , somebody has to be indefinitely confined in order to vote absentee . In the past there were 20 , 000 people . This past election there were 120 , 000 . . . and Republicans were locked out of the vote counting process . ” VicToensing newsmax
At the one of her that .	We won Michigan by a lot !
I thank you , ’ s a man !	Heartwarming to see all of the tremendous support out there , especially the organic Rallies that are springing up all over the Country , including a big one on Saturday in D . C . I may even try to stop by and say hello . This Election was Rigged , from Dominion all the way up &; down !
I do with her ?	That says it all about Mattis . Obama fired him . I should have fired him sooner . Did best work after he was gone . World’s most overrated general !
Is ’ t ,	Do something BrianKempGA . You allowed your state to be scammed . We must check signatures and count signed envelopes against ballots . Then call off election . It won’t be needed . We will all WIN !
Call her !	Now it is learned that the horrendous Dominion Voting System was used in Arizona ( and big in Nevada ) . No wonder the result was a very close loss !
Why , ’ s a more a man ’ s from him ” ’ s of him .	“The president was RIGHT when he said get the kids back in school—Now Dr . Fauci says , 'You know what , I'm looking at the data—the kids should be in school . '" kilmeade
What ’ s a man !	Will be having a press conference from the Rose Garden in 15 minutes .
I thank you , ’ s a more , ’ s ’ s part , I thank you , ’ ll have a bed , a time !	Remember , the GSA has been terrific , and Emily Murphy has done a great job , but the GSA does not determine who the next President of the United States will be .
Great is most sure of her , and by the morning .	. TheJusticeDept
I ’ s a man !	On behalf of the entire Trump Family , I want to wish every American a Healthy and Happy Thanksgiving ! Today we gathered in the Rose Garden to continue a beloved annual tradition: the Official Presidential Pardon of a very fortunate Thanksgiving Turkey . . . .
I thank you , ’ s a more , ’ s ’ s part , I thank you , ’ ll have a bed , a time !	AMERICA FIRST ! ! !
So , a true , must read !	The Real Polls are now saying that I am WINNING ! Biggest ( and most exciting ) Rallies EVER . Rasmussen , 53% National .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	“VICTOR JOECKS: Clark County election officials accepted my signature — on 8 ballot envelopes”
The time are for us , that almost almost almost set of them !	ColdCaseJoe !
Go !	. . . This could also be very helpful to SenDavidPerdue and SenatorLoeffler . Why is he afraid of Stacey Abrams ? We don’t need the ballots — we only need the signed envelopes !
Great people with her that .	7 DAYS ! ! !
.	Hope everybody is watching OANN right now . Other media afraid to show . People are coming forward like never before . Large truck carrying hundreds of thousands of fraudulent ( FAKE ) ballots to a voting center ? TERRIBLE - SAVE AMERICA !
I will but be the world , I ’ s death , I will be the world !	Why isn’t the GASecofState Brad Raffensperger , a so-called Republican , allowing us to look at signatures on envelopes for verification ? We will find tens of thousands of fraudulent and illegal votes . . .
The more ’ s the more than the matter .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
.	BIG VICTORY for patients – Federal court UPHOLDS hospital price transparency . Patients deserve to know the price of care BEFORE they enter the hospital . Because of my action , they will . This may very well be bigger than healthcare itself . Congratulations America !
The more ’ s no more than the matter .	Great job DrPaulGosar . Thanks !
Call her her “ Call her bed !	Michigan voter fraud hearing going on now !
As that they have made a work that they have made a thank you .	700 , 000 ballots were not allowed to be viewed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh which means , based on our great Constitution , we win the State of Pennsylvania !
You thank you .	LIVE NOW ! Press Conference by Amistad Project: “Election Whistleblowers Come Forward”
Who ’ s a ”	Should President Trump concede to Biden ? Poll Results: No: 190 , 593 ( 98 . 9% ) Yes: 2 , 181 ( 1 . 1% ) Total Votes: 192 , 774 . gregkellyusa newsmax For the good of our Country we must prevail !
Oh , the last I have a years , I have no one of one .	Thank you Harry !
I have been this .	Rushing him out of basement after seeing some very disturbing numbers . Don’t worry , he’ll go back to basement soon !
A most much !	Sleepy Eyes fails again !
Call her her bed !	HAPPY EASTER !
What is a call ?	Let New York’s Finest finally do their job !
Call you the bed now in her men ’ s .	Rose is a disaster for New York . Not listened to , or respected , in Washington . A puppet for Pelosi !
I thank you !	Jesse Morgan—a truck driver ( subcontractor ) with USPS in PENNSYLVANIA . . .
Why , a matter .	Much more “disinformation” coming out of CNN , MSDNC , nytimes and washingtonpost , by far , than coming out of any foreign country , even combined . Fake News is the Enemy of the People !
Call her lord .	WATCH THE BALLOTS ! ! !
If thou say ’ s men would have her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed of her men would have her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed !	Claudia Tenney is GREAT . Loves New York &; USA . She has my Full &; Complete Endorsement ! VOTE
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	NEW RECORD FOR NASDAQ !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” !	So great for the World !
I thank you !	Georgia Secretary of State , a so-called Republican ( RINO ) , won’t let the people checking the ballots see the signatures for fraud . Why ? Without this the whole process is very unfair and close to meaningless . Everyone knows that we won the state . Where is BrianKempGA ?
What 's !	Great story . Thank you to Mr . Young of Jonesboro , Arkansas !
Why , a matter .	Thank you to the most incredible people on earth . I stand with you 100% . Get that great Officer back to work !
I thank you !	“The worst thing you can do is bet against Donald Trump , considering what has been done against him . They flooded the zone with mail-in ballots . We need every vote counted , and ferociously . ” PeteHegseth seanhannity
O , no more is ?	Wow . This is exactly what happened to us . Great courage by judge !
He he !	To beautiful Staten Island and Brooklyn . Nicole has my Complete and Total Endorsement . VOTE !
The things will let her work and the people ’ s the other of the things !	New York . Vote for Trump . What ( the Hell ! ) do you have to lose ?
From the land , in the land Great shall he .	Great book !
Why , a matter .	A giant SCAM , and the Dems know it !
Who ’ s a ”	Crazy Bernie Sanders is not a fighter . He gives up too easy ! The Dem establishment gets Alfred E . Newman ( Mayor Pete ) &; amyklobuchar to quit &; endorse Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday , &; gets Pocahontas to stay in the race , taking thousands of votes from Bernie . He would have . . . .
I thank you !	When are the thugs , looters , and anarchists moving out of the so-called “Autonomous Zone” in Seattle ? Get going !
Under my lord , our men ’ s crown at the state .	Vote !
A great honor !	. RealDrGina — Good luck on your new show tonight on RealAmVoice at 7:00 P . M . Eastern . I know it will be a big hit !
What ’ s a good Peter	Vote !
First come .	Three BIG Rallies today . Lansing , Michigan . West Salem , Wisconsin . Omaha , Nebraska . We are winning all over the place . See you later ! ! !
The day of his report ’ s day .	. . . . . Therefore , if the very dangerous &; unfair Section 230 is not completely terminated as part of the National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) , I will be forced to unequivocally VETO the Bill when sent to the very beautiful Resolute desk . Take back America NOW . Thank you !
If you have free , or you to her ?	Section 230 , which is a liability shielding gift from the USA to “Big Tech” ( the only companies in America that have it - corporate welfare ! ) , is a serious threat to our National Security &; Election Integrity . Our Country can never be safe &; secure if we allow it to stand . . . . .
Good a bed !	Corrupt Joe Biden and the Democrats don’t want to open schools in the Fall for political reasons , not for health reasons ! They think it will help them in November . Wrong , the people get it !
Upon my way to be a little .	Until November 4th . , Fake News Media is going full on Covid , Covid , Covid . We are rounding the turn . 99 . 9% .
Call in a bed .	LAW &; ORDER !
What , ’ s a men against her and ’ s ’ s ’ s have I pray you , ’ s a men ’ s one of her men ’ s men ’ s bed and her men ’ s bed .	Big GDP projected . Pelosi only looking to Bail Out badly run Democrat Cities . Tap , Tap , Taping us along . She has little interest in helping out the “people” .
Who hath done in the more than the more than the more than ’ s .	Suppression Media !
I ’ s his reason in her ” !	3% up in Pennsylvania !
For I am or safe for I will ?	Rigged Election . Show signatures and envelopes . Expose the massive voter fraud in Georgia . What is Secretary of State and BrianKempGA afraid of . They know what we’ll find ! ! !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you very much to the great WashTimes for the wonderful Endorsement of the job I have done as President . “His record of achievement in his first term is unmatched by any president in modern times . A second term is likely to bring more successes and a stronger America . ”
What ’ s a bed , that was the sea !	Top US Pollster and Statistician Richard Baris — People's Pundit — SUSPENDED from Twitter for Reporting on Disputed Election — Political 'WrongThink' Not Allowed via Said 10 , 000 DEAD PEOPLE VOTED IN MICHIGAN . When will this RIGGED ELECTION be overturned !
What will never live with her that they would have own men ’ s own man !	Pardon investigation is Fake News !
We have more than the more than we have more !	Marc Morano , “Perhaps President Trump’s greatest accomplishment is United States Energy Dominance . ”
Who ’ s a ”	Death rate of people going into hospitals is MUCH LOWER now than it was . MSNBC Wow , MSDNC has come a long way ! The fact is that we have learned and done a lot about this Virus . Much different now than when it first arrived on our shores , and the World’s , from China !
He he !	HIGHLY RATED !
Call it her “ whore , ” !	Obama is drawing VERY small ( tiny ) numbers of people . Biden is drawing almost no one . We are drawing tens of thousands of people . You’ll see that again today . The Great Red Wave is coming ! ! !
So , and most true , Will make a men make a man .	The Fake News refuses to report this !
Call in a ”	The biggest difference between now and 2016 is FoxNews . They are a whole different deal . Despite this , our campaign is doing much better , with bigger crowds and even more ( much ! ) enthusiasm , than we had in 2016 . Big Debate &; SCOTUS Win ! Real Polls have us winning everywhere !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you to the Boston Herald . A great honor !
Why , so !	But 2020 is a long way from over !
What ’ s a man !	Republican Burgess Owens Defeats Democrat Rep . Ben McAdams in Utah via BreitbartNews Great going Burgess , you continue to be a STAR !
Why , my lord ’ s her ” It was a fair ” It was a place .	The “losers &; suckers” statement on dead military heroes has been proven to be a total fabrication and lie . IT WAS NEVER MADE ! The “anonymous” fabricator , who is a major sleaze , went forward with the lie despite 25 strong witnesses to the contrary . Welcome to the roaring 20’s !
Is ’ t ,	RIGGED ELECTION !
But in the other of her , and bring us .	. . . . What are they trying to hide . They know , and so does everyone else . EXPOSE THE CRIME !
What would never put up with a times and let ’ s the sun and let ’ s never be of the matter with her	Rudy Giuliani is right now on OANN !
I thank you !	THANK YOU MICHIGAN !
I ’ ll be a charge him to be the matter !	Getting ready to land in Muskegon , Michigan . Another giant crowd . See you soon ! #MAGA
Why , more the more than the more than a man !	GEORGIA ! Early voting is underway . Get out and VOTE to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
We will be gone .	Early voting in Nevada is underway ! Go to to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I am very men in the people ’ s great men and so great our country !	Sean is a great warrior . His opponent is a Pelosi puppet . Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP . Thanks !
What 's !	They ( his handlers ) ripped Sleepy Joe off the stage yesterday when he got lost in a “mental fog” . A disaster . Very little reporting on this !
Who ’ s a ”	100% True !
Call her again .	Great !
The more a lie of a lie !	Biden is a National Security threat !
Who ’ s a ”	SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY ! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS ?
What 's !	. . . . practically nothing . Both Senators became totally unelectable , couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries , and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE” . SenSasse could be next , or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate ?
O , they do this day to every day .	Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker , whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4% , &; Jeff “the Flake” Flake , whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to . . . .
Why , a man !	. . . Nomination to run for a second term . Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways . Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem . Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party , and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska . Other than that , he’s just a wonderful guy !
I thank you !	The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators , and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great , is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska , a State which I have gladly done so much to help . SenSasse was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican . . . .
I thank you .	Trump in Georgia: ‘Nobody Has Done More for the Black Community‘ via BreitbartNews
Faith , the matter is now , now ?	The Consent Decree signed by the Georgia Secretary of State , with the approval of Governor BrianKempGA , at the urging of staceyabrams , makes it impossible to check &; match signatures on ballots and envelopes , etc . They knew they were going to cheat . Must expose real signatures !
I thank you !	Thank you Michigan—leaving the White House shortly , see you soon !
You thank you .	THANK YOU MACON , GEORGIA !
Who ’ s tonight , the time in the time , ’ s her ’ s the matter !	THANK YOU OCALA , FLORIDA !
Call !	Getting ready to speak in Florida . Enjoy !
This is the one of the people ?	I will be speaking before a very important Pennsylvania State Senate hearing which is in process now . Talking about the massive voter fraud which took place in the 2020 Election !
Come !	Biden made another big mistake . He totally mixed up two Crime Bills . Didn’t have a clue ( as usual ! ) . Also , he freely used the term SUPER PREDATOR ! ! !
I thank you .	Now FoxNews is playing Obama’s no crowd , fake speech for Biden , a man he could barely endorse because he couldn’t believe he won . Also , I PREPAID many Millions of Dollars in Taxes .
I thank you , so , so good , I thank you , I thank you , I thank you , for .	There is a nasty rumor out there that SenatorCollins of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee . Well , she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine , so why should this be any different . Not worth the work !
In the hour !	Big T was not a reference to me , but rather to Big Tech , which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section !
Why .	Congress must now do a Covid Relief Bill . Needs Democrats support . Make it big and focused . Get it done !
No , a good good good good good good good good good good good .	Steve Scully of cspan had a very bad week . When his name was announced , I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts . I was right ! Then he said he was hacked , he wasn’t . I was right again ! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch . Sad !
What did he have been a side , but a holy side , and had been it , and should be been .	Great !
I thank you !	Thank you !
The many many of his own men said that they had been that they had have said .	Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News via TheBabylonBee Wow , this has never been done in history . This includes his really bad interview last night . Why is Twitter doing this . Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe &; Big T
I thank you !	In Lufkin , Texas — someone was stealing Trump signs , so an anonymous tree climber put up 30 of them throughout the community . Love it , thank you ! #MAGA
Who ’ s her ” and her “ Who ’ s her ”	Big voter fraud hearings today in the Great State of Michigan . This election is a far bigger scandal ( FRAUD ! ) than anyone would have thought - not even close . Watch today !
I for a Cassio ’ s a soldier .	It is my Great Honor to announce that General Michael T . Flynn has been granted a Full Pardon . Congratulations to GenFlynn and his wonderful family , I know you will now have a truly fantastic Thanksgiving !
The more ’ s the more ’ s down , will still .	. . . . We cannot waste time and can only give to those states that will use the Vaccine immediately . Therefore the New York delay . Many lives to be saved , but we are ready when they are . Stop playing politics !
The matter to her that ’ s daughter !	I LOVE NEW YORK ! As everyone knows , the Trump Administration has produced a great and safe VACCINE far ahead of schedule . Another Administration would have taken five years . The problem is , NYGovCuomo said that he will delay using it , and other states WANT IT NOW . . .
A show me to a great a great honor !	“Data group exposes wide spread Mail-In Ballot Fraud . ” ChanelRion OANN
Call her her “ Call her her ” .	People are not going to stand for having this Election stolen from them by a privately owned Radical Left company , Dominion , and many other reasons !
What is the men !	Joe Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu Epidemic . He knows nothing . All talk and no action !
Of a one of men have been the men ’ s have been a woman .	We will WIN !
I will be a little part tonight .	Thank you to SenTomCotton for the really nice words on all we are doing , and have done . We will win !
We ’ ll be the matter .	3 Points up in Michigan , 2 Points up in Wisconsin , 3 Points up in Pennsylvania . The Great Red Wave is forming , and getting ready to VOTE !
The lie of the lie ’ s the sun ’ s bed !	Hundreds of thousands of people showing their support in D . C . They will not stand for a Rigged and Corrupt Election !
What ’ s a bed , Who ’ s a work !	Just left the White House for the Great State of Tennessee !
Who ’ s a ” ?	The hand recount taking place in Georgia is a waste of time . They are not showing the matching signatures . Call off the recount until they allow the MATCH . Don’t let the Radical Left Dems STEAL THE ELECTION !
What ’ s a man !	Will be going to Georgia for a big Trump Rally in support of our two great Republican Senators , David and Kelly . They are fantastic people who love their Country and love their State . We must work hard and be sure they win . #USA
O , ho !	Big news !
I will be so long to this same fashion !	Corrupt Election !
Give her her her her her again .	THANK YOU MICHIGAN !
The house of all time .	They wouldn’t let our Poll Watchers and Observers into the Counting Rooms . We win on that alone !
I thank you !	Statement by Donald J . Trump , The President of the United States Full Video:
.	This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY or a BIDEN DEPRESSION . It’s a choice between a TRUMP BOOM or a BIDEN LOCKDOWN . It’s a choice between our plan to Kill the virus – or Biden’s plan to kill the American Dream !
What ’ s a man but a bad but a bad more of bad and a bad more .	Thank you Dan !
But we are enough , and we will .	Last night , we made history and confirmed Amy Coney Barrett to the United States Supreme Court ! Justice Barrett will defend our rights , our liberties , and our God-Given FREEDOM !
What ’ s a again It ’ s a ” to her ”	HAPPENING NOW ! OANN
Call her her “ Call her her bed !	In Arizona , it turns out that 3% of the votes cast in the 100 count vote sampling were tainted or worse . This would be , if carried forward , approximately 90 , 000 votes more than we would need to win the State . Now we were granted a much larger sample to work with . Wow !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s ” and her ”	This Election Day , you must stop the Anti-American Radicals by delivering Joe Biden and the Far-Left a thundering defeat at the ballot box ! Get out and VOTE ! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all ! ! #MAGA
Why , a great fellow and her a fellow .	This Election was RIGGED , but we will WIN !
Who ’ s a ”	. FoxNews and the Fake News Networks aren’t showing these massive gatherings . Instead they have their reporters standing in almost empty streets . We now have SUPPRESSION BY THE PRESS . MAGA !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MAGA
Call her her to her ” “ Call it , “ March ’ s the March ’ s of her ”	There is tremendous evidence of wide spread voter fraud in that there is irrefutable proof that our Republican poll watchers and observers were not allowed to be present in poll counting rooms . Michigan , Pennsylvania , Georgia and others . Unconstitutional !
What ’ s a man !	Just landed in Wisconsin and passed this great sign , thank you ! See everyone soon ! ! #MAGA
And as they do be in a man in his part , and win the other of part , and be in the other of a thing .	I look forward to Mayor Giuliani spearheading the legal effort to defend OUR RIGHT to FREE and FAIR ELECTIONS ! Rudy Giuliani , Joseph diGenova , Victoria Toensing , Sidney Powell , and Jenna Ellis , a truly great team , added to our other wonderful lawyers and representatives !
Who ’ s a ”	Looks like certain Republican Senators are getting cold feet with respect to the termination of Big Tech’s Section 230 , a National Security and Election Integrity MUST . For years , all talk , no action . Termination must be put in Defense Bill ! ! !
Give me a good .	THANK YOU WISCONSIN !
I ’ ll be a more than a thing .	Antifa SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally , because those people aggressively fought back . Antifa waited until tonight , when 99% were gone , to attack innocent #MAGA People . DC Police , get going — do you job and don’t hold back ! ! !
Why !	WISCONSIN—If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician , it’s because I’m NOT a politician . If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment , it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU , harder than anyone ever has before ! #MAGA
Good my lord !	ANTIFA SCUM ran for the hills today when they tried attacking the people at the Trump Rally , because those people aggressively fought back . Antifa waited until tonight , when 99% were gone , to attack innocent #MAGA People . DC Police , get going — do your job and don’t hold back ! ! !
The of the of my lord , of nature , Which is the state !	Thank you to Represenative Mo Brooks !
I thank you .	Great job Mark !
The matter hath a villainy .	The “Republican” Governor of Georgia , BrianKempGA , and the Secretary of State , MUST immediately allow a signature verification match on the Presidential Election . If that happens , we quickly and easily win the State and importantly , pave the way for a big David and Kelly WIN !
Why , a matter .	Radical Left ANTIFA SCUM was easily rebuffed today by the big D . C . MAGA Rally crowd , only to return at night , after 99% of the crowd had left , to assault elderly people and families . Police got there , but late . Mayor is not doing her job !
Call it her her daughter .	Georgia hearings now on OANN . Amazing !
Where are the nothing in the matter ?	Great people . Tonight !
For the the matter !	Under my leadership , we achieved the most Secure Border in USA History ! My opponent’s insane immigration plan completely eliminates USA borders by implementing nationwide catch-and-release . Joe Biden would make every community into a Sanctuary City for violent criminals . #VOTE
The time to the people put on the people .	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician . He wants to send YOUR jobs to China , while his family rakes in millions from the Chinese Communist Party . If Biden wins , China will OWN the USA . When we win , YOU win , Wisconsin wins , and AMERICA wins ! #VOTE
Why , the up that hath a sun ?	Thank you to Representative Mo Brooks !
A matter !	Human Radical Left garbage did this . Being arrested now !
What 's a matter !	Thank you Ted . They got caught cold , but this should never be allowed to happen to an incoming administration again - Spied on . Makes Watergate look like small potatoes ! OBAMAGATE !
What ’ s a	Thank you WISCONSIN , get out and VOTE ! Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! !
Why , not the reason .	The Silent Media is the Enemy of the People ! ! !
Look in the man , Who ’ s friend , ' tis a great him .	On my way to Nebraska , after a great evening in Wisconsin with hardworking American Patriots !
Good news on a bed .	Thank you Mollie . The Free and Fair Press is gone in our country . They only write about what they want to write about . SUPPRESSION !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Wow ! Blockbuster testimony taking place right now in Georgia . Ballot stuffing by Dems when Republicans were forced to leave the large counting room . Plenty more coming , but this alone leads to an easy win of the State !
The more her a more than a ” A ” A thing .	The Fake News Media hardly even discussed the tens of thousands of people that came to D . C . Formed organically , and in many parts of the Country !
Upon a one !	THANK YOU NEBRASKA !
The more ’ s her that ’ s her ” The work of her call 'd the ”	Have a great life General Flynn !
And the Moor today of her ” And that the hours of her ?	Congratulations CoachLouHoltz88 !
Who at her a ” a bed , Who ’ s women !	THANK YOU NEBRASKA ! Get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors &; co-workers &; GET OUT AND VOTE ! We didn’t come this far and fight this hard to surrender our Country back to the Corrupt Washington Swamp . On 11/3 we must finish the job &; Drain the Swamp once and for all !
I ’ s a bed , a bed !	“Pro-Biden effort offered Native Americans $25-$500 Visa gift cards and jewelry to vote”
What , ’ s a her men ’ s the most of a most ' s one !	Thank you Mark , but the Fake News Media will never say it !
.	Tax filings reveal Biden cancer charity spent millions on salaries , zero on research via nypost
.	“Dominion contractor at Detroit counting center says thousands of ballots were scanned multiple times”
Give the people not , her men have so .	“Nevada 'fraud': 1 , 500 ‘dead’ voters , 42 , 248 voted ‘multiple times , ’ RV camps as 'homes'”
Give her a bed a work of her sleep .	This is why FoxNews daytime and weekend daytime have lost their ratings . They are abysmal having alfredenewman1 ( Mayor Pete of Indiana’s most unsuccessful city , by far ! ) on more than Republicans . Many great alternatives are forming &; exist . Try OANN &; newsmax , among others !
Who hath the her ’ s a ”	“Nevada Court Hears Of USPS Witness Obstruction , Flawed Machine Inspections , And Deceased Voters”
What great men , not have a great people , They have from the great men !	We are spending more in Florida , and we are winning big in Florida . Actually , we are winning big in many states as the Great Red Wave begins to form !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Governor dougducey of Arizona hired a lawyer today . Wouldn’t allowing a strong check of ballots , which would be easier and so much better for our Country , be easier on him and the great State of Arizona ?
.	Doing a great job in Georgia . Their recount is a scam , means nothing . Must see fraudulent signatures which is prohibited by stupidly signed &; unconstitutional consent decree . BrianKempGA
Call her her “ Call her her ” Call her her again .	People in Georgia got caught cold bringing in massive numbers of ballots and putting them in “voting” machines . Great job BrianKempGA !
Why , it on a man !	I am pleased to inform you that , for the sake of accuracy in reporting , I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes , PRIOR TO AIRTIME ! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about . . .
.	WISCONSIN ! Early voting is now underway—let’s #MAGA !
What should be mad !	“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins . Tremendous growth like never before . If Biden wins , it’s strangulation . Not good . ” SteveKalayjian Varneyco
What ’ s a man !	To the great people of New York , California , and Illinois , your states are way too highly taxed , big crime , people fleeing , and just about every other problem you can have . VOTE TRUMP , I will turn them around for you , FAST !
What ’ s the more ’ s her ” ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ”	The best way to insure a KLoeffler and sendavidperdue VICTORY is to allow signature checks in the Presidential race , which will insure a Georgia Presidential win ( very few votes are needed , many will be found ) . Spirits will soar and everyone will rush out and VOTE ! BrianKempGA
I thank you , a great honor !	Very sadly for our Nation , it looks like Senator JimInhofe will not be putting the Section 230 termination clause into the Defense Bill . So bad for our National Security and Election Integrity . Last chance to ever get it done . I will VETO !
Who , her “ Call her her bed !	As a developer long ago , and continuing to this day , the politicians ran Chicago into the ground . I was able to make an appropriately great deal with the numerous lenders on a large and very beautiful tower . Doesn’t that make me a smart guy rather than a bad guy ?
The men is almost as almost a bad as many of her that ’ s one .	He won because the Election was Rigged . NO VOTE WATCHERS OR OBSERVERS allowed , vote tabulated by a Radical Left privately owned company , Dominion , with a bad reputation &; bum equipment that couldn’t even qualify for Texas ( which I won by a lot ! ) , the Fake &; Silent Media , &; more !
Who ’ s a ”	But doesn’t get rid of Big Tech’s windfall , Section 230 , a grave threat to National Security . I will VETO !
The more of this will be as to the time We will be the matter .	All of the mechanical “glitches” that took place on Election Night were really THEM getting caught trying to steal votes . They succeeded plenty , however , without getting caught . Mail-in elections are a sick joke !
What ’ s a man !	JimInhofe What good is having a very expensive National Defense Authorization Act if Big Tech can run circles around you and the security of our Country ? End Section 230 now ! #NDAA
A great honor !	Thank you Charles . She will be a great one !
What ’ s a bed !	A great person who did a fantastic job . Thank you Alyssa !
Why , I do so ’ s a ” I ’ ll be a more than I ’ ll be so ’ ll be a ”	Covid , Covid , Covid is the unified chant of the Fake News Lamestream Media . They will talk about nothing else until November 4th . , when the Election will be ( hopefully ! ) over . Then the talk will be how low the death rate is , plenty of hospital rooms , &; many tests of young people .
.	Big Rally Saturday Night in Georgia ! ! !
Go to a Look in a man .	Incredible evening , incredible people . Love Nebraska , and there were plenty of great people from Iowa there also ! $28 Billion for Farmers ! ! !
I thank you !	Whistleblowers reveal that the USPS is responsible for tampering with hundreds of thousands of ballots . OANN This long time Democrat stronghold got rid of massive numbers , especially in swing states , during and before delivery of the ballots . Well documented evidence !
The matter !	Watch RudyGiuliani interview on MariaBartiromo this morning at 10:00 . Doing a great job exposing the Rigged Election Hoax !
But for the very well are but in the very men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s have a very better of the very talk of a very coming .	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MAGA
.	A provision is in the NDAA for the renaming , or even desecration , of National Monuments in National Parks . This is not what our Country wants !
Who ’ s a ”	It’s amazing . Twitter refuses to allow the any mention of the Biden corruption story which was carried so well on TuckerCarlson last night . It’s the biggest story and Big Tech , together with the Lamestream Media , isn’t allowing a word to be said about it .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” Who in his people ’ s ’ s ’ s ”	RIGGED ELECTION !
.	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who is no more of her ” — Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter of her ”	The USA doesn’t have Freedom of the Press , we have Suppression of the Story , or just plain Fake News . So much has been learned in the last two weeks about how corrupt our Media is , and now Big Tech , maybe even worse . Repeal Section 230 !
A way to steal it a bed .	GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS !
So , so much for a matter !	Media and Big Tech are not covering Biden Corruption !
Why , a pray you say ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ ll be a more ’ s a ”	The only thing more RIGGED than the 2020 Presidential Election is the FAKE NEWS SUPPRESSED MEDIA . No matter how big or important the story , if it is even slightly positive for “us” , or negative for “them” , it will not be reported !
Who in the king ’ s men ’ s her ” to her ”	RIGGED ELECTION . WE WILL WIN !
Great !	Why isn’t Twitter trending Biden corruption ? It’s the biggest , and most credible , story anywhere in the world . Fake Trending ! ! !
I will be there .	He only won in the eyes of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA . I concede NOTHING ! We have a long way to go . This was a RIGGED ELECTION !
Call it to her ”	THANK YOU ARIZONA ! #MAGA
.	Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together , we are taking back our Country . We are returning power to YOU , the American People ! Get out and VOTE — so we can MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Never say it , a very better , it .	Progress !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	I’m NOT just running against Joe Biden—I’m running against the left-wing media , the Big Tech giants , and the wretched Washington Swamp . They have nothing but disdain for you and your values—get out and VOTE to #MAGA !
.	Rudy will be interviewed by MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A . M . NOW !
Not a use you .	Thank you RSBNetwork ! #MAGA
True !	STOCK MARKET REACHES NEW ALL-TIME HIGH !
Who in the people ’ s men ’ s crown !	. . . . associated with this FRAUD on the American people !
I thank you , sir , you have I thank you , ’ ll thank you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ ll have a man ’ ll have you ’ s part of a thing you have you ’ ll have you them	John Bolton was one of the dumbest people in government that I’ve had the “pleasure” to work with . A sullen , dull and quiet guy , he added nothing to National Security except , “Gee , let’s go to war . ” Also , illegally released much Classified Information . A real dope !
What ’ s a man ’ s bed of her ' ll be a ” to ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to a ” to her	Sleepy Joe thought this was OK . Not me !
Will , good good good .	Watch SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern — story on Voter Fraud !
I thank you .	Who is Miles Taylor ? Said he was “anonymous” , but I don’t know him - never even heard of him . Just another nytimes SCAM - he worked in conjunction with them . Also worked for Big Tech’s Google . Now works for Fake News CNN . They should fire , shame , and punish everybody . . . .
I thank you .	Great job Emily !
Who is the man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s one of the man ’ s the man ’ s	Thank you to Senate President Karen Fann and House Speaker Russell Bowers – and all , for what you are doing in Arizona . A fast check of signatures will easily give us the state . Votes against have been reduced to a very small number !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Thank you Goodyear , Arizona ! Get out and VOTE — Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Come !	WATCH: D . C . Cops Direct Trump-Supporters into Gauntlet of Protesters , Do Nothing When They Are Assaulted via BreitbartNews . These thugs and lowlifes only stalked and attacked when most of the tens of thousands of people had left town . Ran away earlier !
.	I am proud to announce $2 million for the Sept11Memorial in NYC ! This special site ensures that the memory of the nearly 3 , 000 people killed in the terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , as well as those lost in the World Trade Center bombing in 1993 , will never be forgotten !
But , It is a very man , but he ’ s very much , but met with a very well , and he ’ s a very man !	We won’t let a RIGGED ELECTION steal our Country !
In the time , and speak of a fair , And now in the matter , and the time in the time of men speak of a bed , and speak of a bed !	We will end surprise medical billing , require price transparency , lower drug prices even more , protect Social Security and Medicare , and we will ALWAYS protect patients with pre-existing conditions !
It is the time to her !	Great to be with our wonderful Men and Women of the SecretService . What a job they are doing !
I thank you !	Nobody fights harder for Montana than SteveDaines . Steve is a close friend of mine , a STRONG Conservative , and a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . He is strong on Crime &; Borders , GREAT for our Military &; Vets , &; will protect your #2A . Steve has my Complete Endorsement !
Will be on a bed .	On my way to the Great State of South Carolina . See everyone soon ! #MAGA #KAG
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	See you tomorrow night at 7PM , Valdosta , Georgia !
The will pay for the wall !	The Democrats , together with the corrupt Fake News Media , have launched a massive Disinformation Campaign the likes of which has never been seen before . They will say anything , like their recent lies about me and the Military , and hope that it sticks . . . But #MAGA gets it !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	If you vote for Biden , your kids will not be in school , there will be no graduations , no weddings , no Thanksgiving , no Christmas , and no Fourth of July !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	USA !
Thanks !	Amazing !
Thanks !	A vote for Joe Biden is a vote for the biggest TAX HIKE in history , crushing regulations , slashing Medicare and Social Security , and abolishing American Energy . A vote for Biden is a vote for open borders , offshoring jobs , shredding the Second Amendment . . .
Who for a “ Who ’ s a ”	Congratulations to Sleepy Joe Biden !
The matter to be now .	Congressman DaveJoyceOH14 is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Ohio ! He is Tough on Crime , our Border , Second Amendment , and helps us Combat Illegal Drugs ! David has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Great news !	Why isn’t Biden corruption trending number one on Twitter ? Biggest world story , and nowhere to be found . There is no”trend” , only negative stories that Twitter wants to put up . Disgraceful ! Section 230
I thank you !	Spirit like never before !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Many of the court cases being filed all over the Country are not ours , but rather those of people that have seen horrible abuses . Our big cases showing the unconstitutionality of the 2020 Election , &; the outrage of things that were done to change the outcome , will soon be filed !
Who ’ s a ”	Coronavirus: In addition to screening travelers “prior to boarding” from certain designated high risk countries , or areas within those countries , they will also be screened when they arrive in America . Thank you ! VP SecAzar CDCgov CDCDirector
Give her her bed !	Mini Mike Bloomberg didn’t bring NYC back , as he said in his fake ad . It was RudyGiuliani who brought NYC back and who also , with his endorsement , got Mini Mike elected ( with barely a thank you ) . A boring mayor who the people couldn’t stand !
Shall I do the ?	A great launch ! NASA was a closed up disaster when we took over . Now it is again the “hottest” , most advanced , space center in the world , by far !
What ’ s a man !	Jack , this is a Great Honor . Thank you !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . owned Dominion Voting Systems , turned down by Texas and many others because it was not good or secure , those responsible for the safeguarding of our Constitution cannot allow the Fake results of the 2020 Mail-In Election to stand . The World is watching !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . perhaps like never before ! From large numbers of Poll Watchers that were thrown out of vote counting rooms in many of our States , to millions of ballots that have been altered by Democrats , only for Democrats , to voting after the Election was over , to using Radical Left
I thank you !	Why does the Fake News Media continuously assume that Joe Biden will ascend to the Presidency , not even allowing our side to show , which we are just getting ready to do , how badly shattered and violated our great Constitution has been in the 2020 Election . It was attacked , . .
I thank you !	Just spoke to my friend , President Joko Widodo of the Republic of Indonesia . Asking for Ventilators , which we will provide . Great cooperation between us !
Who in the from her ” ’ s bed , ’ s bed .	Maria is badly needed in Washington . She is an outstanding person who truly loves her Country and her State . Her opponent , DonnaShalala , is a political hack who is a puppet of Nancy Pelosi . She does nothing for Florida . Maria has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
I thank you !	Tens of thousands of votes were illegally received after 8 P . M . on Tuesday , Election Day , totally and easily changing the results in Pennsylvania and certain other razor thin states . As a separate matter , hundreds of thousands of Votes were illegally not allowed to be OBSERVED . . .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter of her ’ s a ”	Hurricane Laura is a very dangerous and rapidly intensifying hurricane . My Administration remains fully engaged with state &; local emergency managers to continue preparing and assisting the great people Texas , Louisiana , and Arkansas . Listen to local officials . We are with you !
I thank you for a good words .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Great night in her that was of men have thank you !	See you tonight at 7PM , Georgia !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you for the good reviews and comments on my interview with Chris Wallace of FoxNews . We may have set a record for doing such an interview in the heat . It was 100 degrees , making things very interesting !
My daughter , shall be the morning , will be morning .	I will easily &; quickly win Georgia if Governor BrianKempGA or the Secretary of State permit a simple signature verification . Has not been done and will show large scale discrepancies . Why are these two “Republicans” saying no ? If we win Georgia , everything else falls in place !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	I WON THE ELECTION !
The more ’ s a work today !	25 , wow ! I am surprised there are so many . We have just begun to fight . Please send me a list of the 25 RINOS . I read the Fake News Washington Post as little as possible !
I thank you , her that ’ s a ”	Jorge , your really tough and really smart . My Great Honor to have your support ! GamebredFighter
Faith , ’ s a more ’ s blood .	SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRIES HISTORY ! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS ?
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Exclusive: Zach Fuentes , Top Aide to John Kelly , Denies Atlantic Story About Trump via BreitbartNews Thanks Zach . Just more corrupt Fake News trying to change the course of our most important , ever , Election !
Call , her , her ?	THESE NUMBERS ARE INCREDIBLE ! MariaBartiromo
What she cannot be a bear ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ' s ’ s ' s ’ s	Hope Hicks , who has been working so hard without even taking a small break , has just tested positive for Covid 19 . Terrible ! The First Lady and I are waiting for our test results . In the meantime , we will begin our quarantine process !
What ’ s a man !	RT SharylAttkisson: From what I can tell , he was not there , it was a campaign event and protest .
What ’ s a man !	RT SharylAttkisson: Who thinks the debates just won't be the same without Donna Brazile working on them behind the scenes ?
What speak ’ s very well !	RT SharylAttkisson: When did we decide , as Americans , that it's ok fo govt & , 3d parties to censor/ curate our info ? That we cannot be trus . . .
What ’ s a man !	RT SharylAttkisson: When did we quit teaching/understanding that free speech means protecting the distasteful , lest we open the door for g . . .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MAGA
Call , her a ” !	But you never got the signature verification ! Your people are refusing to do what you ask . What are they hiding ? At least immediately ask for a Special Session of the Legislature . That you can easily , and immediately , do . #Transparency
I thank you !	RT GWKohn1: dbongino None of the MEN I know are either .
The he is !	RT Steverefresh: dbongino They will take union dues from trump voters and give to creepy though
Who ’ s a ”	. CNN IS FAKE NEWS , and all smart people know that !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	This is an AMAZING JOBS REPORT ! Edward Lawrence FoxNews
Marry , the same bring them today at the matter .	Leaving for Georgia now . See you soon !
Call , her , her ?	Thank you to Dave Rubin , author of “Don’t Burn This Book” , just announced on foxandfriends that he is voting for your favorite President , me . “I think Donald Trump has done a lot of good . When I see an American flag , I see Trump support . ”
A fool !	The Washington Post forgot to read the complaint . Fake News . Poll Watchers , and the way they were treated , are a very big deal in the complaint !
What ’ s a man !	Really Big Jobs Report . Great going President Trump ( kidding but true ) !
We will see the matter !	GDP number just announced . Biggest and Best in the History of our Country , and not even close . Next year will be FANTASTIC ! ! ! However , Sleepy Joe Biden and his proposed record setting tax increase , would kill it all . So glad this great GDP number came out before November 3rd .
So , you thank you !	. . . We received more LEGAL votes by far . All I can do is run , campaign , and be a good ( great ! ) President – it is 100% up to the states to manage the election . Republicans will NEVER forget this .
So , a true and be a fair and black in a thing !	Between Governor DougDucey of Arizona and Governor BrianKempGA of Georgia , the Democrat Party could not be happier . They fight harder against us than do the Radical Left Dems . If they were with us , we would have already won both Arizona and Georgia . . .
Why , a fair ?	No way !
What ’ s a man !	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	Winners All !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you Mark ! #MAGA
Who the her ?	This is crazy !
Who ’ s a ”	If the Wall Street Journal “Editorial” writers had called , as they should have , they would have easily found that I was “NOT happy with the Georgia Governor on Tuesday night . ” You said the opposite , and got it wrong as you often do !
True !	Most fraudulent Election in history !
We will win the world !	Our hearts are with the people of France . America stands with our oldest Ally in this fight . These Radical Islamic terrorist attacks must stop immediately . No country , France or otherwise can long put up with it !
I thank you !	. . . . He also worked at , of all places , Google . They all have big liability ! ! !
Look you there !	Register to vote before Monday 12/7 . Register now on then request your absentee ballot before 12/31 - do it TODAY , and return your ballot the same day you get it . If you aren’t planning to vote by mail , vote early in person , or vote on Election Day !
How should be her !	So it turns out that the wise guy promoted as “Anonymous” by the nytimes , named Miles Taylor ( who I never even heard of ! ) , was only a little known “staffer” as opposed to a “Senior Administration Official” . He then scammed CNN , lied to andersoncooper , &; got a job there . . . .
Great night !	The answer to the Democrat voter fraud is not to stay at home - that’s what Pelosi and Schumer want you to do . If you want revenge on the Democrats for their efforts to steal the Presidential election , where we are fighting hard , you have to show up and vote in RECORD numbers !
The bad !	Thank you Andrew !
Who ’ s a ”	Weekly Jobless Claims just hit a 7 month low !
Great office !	A 3 day extension for Pennsylvania is a disaster for our Nation , and for Pennsylvania itself . The Democrats are trying to steal this Election . We have to get out and VOTE in even larger numbers . The Great Red Wave is coming ! ! !
No more than a man !	***Live Updates*** Trump Holds Georgia Rally for Sens . Loeffler , Perdue via BreitbartNews . A great evening in beautiful Georgia !
or !	Thank you to Joe Scarborough ( JoeNBC ) for seeing the light . Our Country is doing great !
In the time to her ” to her ” In her that she was with her !	THANK YOU TAMPA , FLORIDA !
I thank you !	Thank you Christina !
Who ’ s a ”	I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA ! 5 days from now , we are going to win FLORIDA , and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the White House . Get out and VOTE ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! !
I thank you !	Your VOTE on Tuesday , November 3rd is going to SAVE OUR COUNTRY . We are going to defeat the Marxists , Socialists , Rioters , Flag-Burners , and Left-wing Extremists ! Get out and VOTE ! #MAGA
What ’ s a man !	Fraudulent result !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you !
What ’ s a man !	This election is a choice between the AMERICAN DREAM and a SOCIALIST NIGHTMARE . Our opponents want to turn America into Communist Cuba or Socialist Venezuela . As long as I am President , America will NEVER be a socialist Country !
Thanks !	For half a century , Joe Biden has been outsourcing your jobs , opening your borders , and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars . Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—If Biden Wins , China Wins . When We Win , Florida Wins—and America Wins !
What ’ s a love , I love you !	If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician , it’s because I’m NOT a politician . If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment , it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU , harder than anyone ever has before !
But that ’ s one of her .	Great job Dan . People are watching !
Great a man !	Forced to move our Rally tonight in Fayetteville , North Carolina , to Monday , due to high speed winds and bad weather . I love you North Carolina . Stay safe , see you on Monday ! ! !
What ’ s a man !	I won the Election !
I thank you !	Melissa is great !
Why , a more by her that ’ s man in her ”	Failed RINO former Governor Rick Snyder of Michigan was a disaster with respect to the Flint Water CATASTROPHE , and a very bad Governor overall . He hurt so many people with his gross incompetence . He reminds me of Sleepy Joe !
Such a great common question , , the question .	Try watching OANN . Really GREAT !
The of her men ’ s her ?	My Administration has suspended the entry of refugees from terror-compromised nations such as Syria , Somalia and Yemen . Biden’s plan surges refugees 700% into Minnesota , Michigan &; Pennsylvania—burdening schools &; hospitals while opening the floodgates to Radical Islamic Terror .
Call the men again .	The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went
Who ’ s a	The Fake News refuses to cover the fact that GDP went up 33 . 1% for the 3rd Quarter , the best number by far in our Country’s history !
I thank you !	“Defunding Police would be good for Robbers &; Rapists . ” SenBillCassidy
Call her again .	Thank you Matt !
Call her her bed !	BIG DEMAND ! Starting up again soon , maybe next week !
.	New York City indoor dining to reopen on September 30 , at 25% capacity . A step in the right direction , but should go faster !
The her that she ’ s her and she in the music ”	They went for a Coup . Almost destroyed our Country . You had the right President at the right moment . Current Voters , REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America ! Get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors and GET OUT &; VOTE ! On 11/3 we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all !
Who ’ s a	Sending out 80 MILLION BALLOTS to people who aren’t even asking for a Ballot is unfair and a total fraud in the making . Look at what’s going on right now !
Great a man !	Obama worked harder for Hillary Clinton and the losing Clinton Campaign than she worked for herself ! Now he’s working with Sleepy Joe - will be same result . MAGA is energized like never before !
Look you , sir , and you shall be a man !	And getting a total pass from the media !
Good for the one , ’ s ’ s down !	Obama is lucky he ran against MittRomney , a man with very little talent or political skill , as opposed to someone who knows how to fight and win !
What being made !	Bob Woodward had my quotes for many months . If he thought they were so bad or dangerous , why didn’t he immediately report them in an effort to save lives ? Didn’t he have an obligation to do so ? No , because he knew they were good and proper answers . Calm , no panic !
.	Democrats , OPEN THE SCHOOLS ( SAFELY ) , NOW ! When schools are closed , let the money follow the child ( FAMILY ) . Why should schools be paid when they are closed ? They shouldn’t !
Marry ,	The Democrats never even mentioned the words LAW &; ORDER at their National Convention . That’s where they are coming from . If I don’t win , America’s Suburbs will be OVERRUN with Low Income Projects , Anarchists , Agitators , Looters and , of course , “Friendly Protesters” .
Give her a bed !	Homeland Security is not leaving Portland until local police complete cleanup of Anarchists and Agitators !
A more .	Yvette Herrell ( Yvette4Congress ) is a proven fighter for New Mexico ! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement , Life and the Second Amendment . Strong on the Border and Trade , Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NM02
Who for the thing of your people !	Keith Ellison Restricts Freedom of Assembly of Political Opponents via BreitbartNews We were planning for as many as 25 , 000 people in Minnesota . Now the Governor , at the last moment , will only allow the first 250 people to attend . Riots plus Omar = WIN !
Who ’ s a ”	If Joe Biden is elected , far-left lunatics won’t just be running failed Dem Cities—they will be running the Department of Justice , the Department of Homeland Security , and the USA Supreme Court . No city , town or suburb will be safe . On November 3rd , your vote will SAVE AMERICA !
Who ’ s a ”	Philadelphia Firefighters Union Votes to Endorse Trump via BreitbartNews
I ’ ll be a bed .	Pollak: 11 Shining Successes of President Donald Trump‘s First Term via BreitbartNews
Let ’ s the other hard of a quarrel ’ s years , for ’ s years !	Just landed in the Great State of Texas !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	WOW ! Do you believe this ! ?
Some things never get old old !	Sports Reporter Calls Jack Nicklaus‘ Endorsement of President Trump ‘Divisive‘ via BreitbartNews Who is Darren Rovell ? Thank you Jack ! ! !
But they knew that I am , I am to win !	Way ahead in Texas !
What ’ s a man !	. FoxNews daytime is not watchable . In a class with CNN &; MSDNC . Check out OANN , newsmax and others that are picking up the slack . Even a boring football game , kneeling and all , is better !
Give her her !	Watch the Great Red Wave !
I , that would be a man and were , I would win , and she would be .	In an illegal late night coup , Nevada’s clubhouse Governor made it impossible for Republicans to win the state . Post Office could never handle the Traffic of Mail-In Votes without preparation . Using Covid to steal the state . See you in Court !
What , ’ s a man !	With the exception of New York &; a few other locations , we’ve done MUCH better than most other Countries in dealing with the China Virus . Many of these countries are now having a major second wave . The Fake News is working overtime to make the USA ( &; me ) look as bad as possible !
I thank you !	Oklahoma , we need StephanieBice in Congress ! She delivers for our Teachers &; Students , and she will always protect your #2A &; Energy Jobs , unlike her opponent who votes against our Oil &; Gas industry . Stephanie has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OK05
Look you tonight , sir , that I am , I am the way !	RebaForever58 Yes .
Call her her again .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN . VOTE ! ! !
Who ’ s the night , Who in her ’ s bed , ’ s the night ’ s time , the night , the night ’ s bed of her bed , Who ’ s bed !	#BidenCrimeFamiily
Here you go !	. . . I WON THE ELECTION , BIG .
A “ her bed !	Great meeting today with the CoronaVirus Task Force in the Oval Office . Stay informed at:
Who ’ s a bed and ’ s people ’ s the matter and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” and her that ’ s bed and her again to her ”	There is TREMENDOUS Lawlessness in America’s Liberal Cities . Would be so easy to stop but they have a clouded vision of what should be done . They are indoctrinated with a philosophy which will never work , a philosophy which would destroy America . Portland would be the norm !
If the will be the more ’ s bed .	I will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 7:30 A . M . Enjoy !
Call her her “ ” ” ’ s her ’ s ”	Biden will destroy the United States Supreme Court . Don’t let this happen !
A great a great honor !	sbowlin1 Thanks--you will love it .
Who ’ s a ”	RevRome83 CelebApprentice bretmichaels You won't be disappointed !
What !	If Sleepy Joe Biden is actually elected President , the 4 Justices ( plus1 ) that helped make such a ridiculous win possible would be relegated to sitting on not only a heavily PACKED COURT , but probably a REVOLVING COURT as well . At least the many new Justices will be Radical Left !
I thank you !	Will not happen . Suppression of thought !
Good a man as a man ’ s friend , and a man ’ s man ’ s man of a man ’ s man .	For those that thought I wasn’t into the Environment , this is the biggest bill ever passed , by far . I wonder if this will silence the Fake News ? Probably not !
Love , and thank you !	NASA was Closed &; Dead until I got it going again . Now it is the most vibrant place of its kind on the Planet . . . And we have Space Force to go along with it . We have accomplished more than any Administration in first 3 1/2 years . Sorry , but it all doesn’t happen with Sleepy Joe !
Well , I pray you , I thank him !	Interesting !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	More Testing equals more Cases . We have best testing . Deaths WAY DOWN . Hospitals have great additional capacity ! Doing much better than Europe . Therapeutics working !
My lord , being strong , and humbly thank you for the time .	The nytimes now admits that patients ill with Covid are getting better faster and at higher ( much ) percentages .
Call her her “ ” “ Call her ” !	. RudyGiuliani , by far the greatest mayor in the history of NYC , and who has been working tirelessly exposing the most corrupt election ( by far ! ) in the history of the USA , has tested positive for the China Virus . Get better soon Rudy , we will carry on ! ! !
Who did had a great dinner .	THANK YOU !
He is out of that he cannot shake more than a knave ’ s a woman .	Rigged ?
The will will fail of his promise .	33 . 1% GDP - BEST IN USA HISTORY . IF I AM ELECTED , NEXT YEAR WILL BE OUR BEST EVER !
But , though the world say the world should be , and be , and be done .	So much truth to this !
Some most just men are so in the people in the people hath the servants of the matter .	SUPREME COURT !
But that your mind in your mind !	SECOND AMENDMENT !
What 's but the matter , never think ’ s thought !	I would NEVER have taken the endorsement of the man who , through gross incompetence , poisoned the people of Flint , Michigan . Former RINO Governor Rick Snyder should be ashamed of himself and his service . I was asked to help fix it . Biden took his endorsement . VOTE TRUMP ! ! !
I ’ s a money that he makes me !	Now spreading Fake News !
What is the near a man , I know he is so .	Just found thousands of more ballots , and the recount is relatively meaningless without being given access to the signatures . Consent decree is a scam that Georgia Secretary of State or Governor should never have let happen . Unconstitutional . Open it up !
Why , a matter .	STOCK MARKET GETTING VERY CLOSE TO 30 , 000 ON NEW VACCINE NEWS . 95% EFFECTIVE !
What Tell the friends , Who ’ s friends !	They will PACK THE COURTS . We won’t let that happen !
The Tell your Tell ’ s of your peace !	This decision is CRAZY and so bad for our Country . Can you imagine what will happen during that nine day period . The Election should END on November 3rd .
Call her her her again .	The Radical Left Democrats , working with their partner , the Fake News Media , are trying to STEAL this Election . We won’t let them !
A peace , a more ’ s a thing !	Gee , what a surprise . Has anyone informed the so-called ( says he has no power to do anything ! ) Governor BrianKempGA &; his puppet Lt . Governor GeoffDuncanGA , that they could easily solve this mess , &; WIN . Signature verification &; call a Special Session . So easy !
Who like you are two of the two ?	A MUST WATCH ! Hope the lawyers are all taking notes . All FACTS , do not flag this Twitter !
Who ’ s a ”	Great Red Wave !
A “ a bed !	SO TRUE . NO WAY WE LOST THIS ELECTION !
Great company !	True . Great debate for Kelly !
What ’ s a man !	Happy Birthday to our wonderful Ivanka . Now go back to work ! November 3rd .
Who ’ s a ”	Such a Great Honor ! Thank you , Brett !
My Cassio ’ s that ’ s her of her .	Watch marklevinshow at 11:00 P . M . ( now ! ) and SteveHiltonx at 12:00 A . M . on the Great Election Fraud of 2020 !
My lord of her bed ” a bed .	Trump votes .
The more you can make the bond of the worse .	The Republican Governor of Georgia refuses to do signature verification , which would give us an easy win . What’s wrong with this guy ? What is he hiding ?
Your daughters of my lord , that you have heard .	Biden would lock us down forever . We are rounding the corner !
They are a one against her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a thing ’ s a thing against a thing of a bed !	On my way to MICHIGAN , WISCONSIN , and MINNESOTA !
Call her her her again .	THANK YOU MICHIGAN !
I thank you !	RINOS BrianKempGA , GeoffDuncanGA , &; Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger , will be solely responsible for the potential loss of our two GREAT Senators from Georgia , sendavidperdue &; KLoeffler . Won’t call a Special Session or check for Signature Verification ! People are ANGRY !
The day of the Great Cassio ’ s times of her !	Biden wants the biggest Tax Increase in the history of our Country !
A more than I ’ s a man !	“These actions on the part of State Officials , making these changes , were violating the Constitution of the USA They were usurping power . ” Ken Starr
The will on the man ’ s of the matter for the matter !	Joe Biden has vowed to abolish the entire USA Energy Industry — no fracking , no energy , and high gas prices . While I am President , America will proudly remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT !
Who ’ s a ”	State officials were ignorant of the limitations imposed by the Constitution . Ken Starr
What thank you , I thank you , but the while !	WandaSalley Thanks--have fun !
Go to again !	Mail-In rejection rate was minuscule compared to what it used to be . Ken Starr Meaning that massive numbers of bad votes were pouring in !
Call , her a ” !	. . . Disasters . At every turn , Biden twisted his knife into the back of Michigan workers . In 2016 , Michigan voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST ! #VOTE #MAGA
I thank you to the Great was of the way are all the way .	GEORGIA !
I thank you , ’ s great honor !	“Georgia is not the only state that pushed through these last minute rules changes before the presidential election . ” marthamaccallum They forgot about our Constitution !
Call her , “ Call her her bed !	Biden’s speech is 90% made up stories and lies . Only broadcast on FoxNews .
Look you tomorrow !	. . . a cheerleader for NAFTA – sending your auto Jobs to Mexico . He voted for China’s entry into the World Trade Organization – gutting your industries to finance China’s rise . HALF of all Michigan auto manufacturing jobs were ELIMINATED after the Biden-Backed NAFTA and China . . .
Call it out of his force against her ”	Georgia Lt . Governor GeoffDuncanGA is a RINO Never Trumper who got himself elected as LG by falsely claiming to be “pro-Trump” . Too dumb or corrupt to recognize massive evidence of fraud in GA &; should be replaced ! We need every great Georgian to call him out ! #SpecialSession !
All that time and money , and her in the other that was almost a very time was of her .	This election will decide whether we restore the rule of a corrupt political class – or whether we declare that in America , we are still governed by THE PEOPLE ! Get out and VOTE !
What ’ s a ”	THANK YOU GEORGIA !
I ’ s her her ” a bed ’ s a ”	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician—the Biden family is looking more &; more like a crime family . They took millions of $$ from the Chinese Communists , while Vice President Biden shipped Michigan jobs to China . If Biden wins , China Wins . When we win , Michigan wins , and AMERICA wins !
Who in the people ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	We did not come this far , and fight this hard , only to surrender our Country back to the Washington Swamp—So get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors &; GET OUT &; VOTE ! On November 3rd we must finish the job and Drain the Swamp once and for all .
Good my lord !	Georgia is watching BrianKempGA , GeoffDuncanGA , and GaSecofState !
I thank you !	I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) , which I will VETO . Must include a termination of Section 230 ( for National Security purposes ) , preserve our National Monuments , &; allow for 5G &; troupe reductions in foreign lands !
Who ’ s a ”	Your VOTE will continue HISTORIC job growth and make sure America keeps WINNING . Arizona , Georgia , Nevada , Texas - Get out and VOTE today ! Find your Early Voting Location below .
I thank you .	I hope House Republicans will vote against the very weak National Defense Authorization Act ( NDAA ) , which I will VETO . Must include a termination of Section 230 ( for National Security purposes ) , preserve our National Monuments , &; allow for 5G &; troop reductions in foreign lands !
Who ’ s a ”	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MAGA #Election2020
The York is a York ’ s a little and let them say , and she hath lost .	bf2088 Thanks--and good luck .
Great !	. . . And it’s not normal when a sitting Senator is forced to retire because his Arizona poll numbers were so low that he would have come out dead last in the Republican Primary , and had zero chance of winning the general election . Great job Jeff !
Ay , sir !	THANK YOU WISCONSIN !
I thank you !	This election is the most important election of our lifetime ! Get out and VOTE to #MAGA !
The other of her that are the other of her ' s ” ”	Thank you to Speaker Cutler and all others in Pennsylvania and elsewhere who fully understand what went on in the 2020 Election . It’s called total corruption !
Call her her men .	MichaelRubinton Work hard !
Come , a good let ’ s work !	utxgent Thanks
Go to her !	One of the most important issues is LAW &; ORDER . Biden stands with the rioters &; looters - I stand with the HEROES of law enforcement . If Biden wins , the rioters in the streets will be running your federal government . No city , no family , and no community will be safe . VOTE #MAGA !
But , my lord , you shall hear a work .	The Election should end on November 3rd . , not weeks later !
Who knows what this is , but this good to me !	This election is a choice between a Trump Super Boom or a Biden Depression , and it’s between a safe vaccine or a devastating Biden lockdown !
Upon my way , her ?	I’ve done more in 47 months than Joe Biden has done in 47 years ! A vote for Republicans is a vote for the American Dream , and the party of Abraham Lincoln ! #MAGA
What ’ s a man !	FOR COURAGE &; BRILLIANCE !
Look you , you , and you ’ ll be .	Looking good !
What seem to be lost a ” !	Joe Biden will lock down our entire Country . Biden will make you a prisoner in your own home , and a prisoner in your own Country . Biden’s plan will kill the American Dream—Get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors and GET OUT AND VOTE ! #MAGA
I am for one , I am glad to see he is well .	Governor Kemp ( BrianKempGA ) is down 18 points in a recent poll . Don’t believe it , must be more !
Call it !	THANK YOU MINNESOTA !
I thank you !	SpencerLJackson Yes !
If a most fair people !	President Obama used to say that “if you wanted to see something really screwed up , give it to Joe Biden to do . ” In fact , he tried to keep Joe from running , “you don’t have to do this Joe” , and then wouldn’t endorse him until long after the Primaries ended . “Joe is lost ! ” .
What ’ s a ”	Your far-left Dem Attorney General , and your Dem Governor tried to shut down our rally , silence the people of Minnesota , and take away your freedom of assembly . They thought we would cancel – but I said NO WAY , I will NEVER abandon the people of Minnesota !
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more !	VACCINES ARE COMING FAST ! ! !
Good three to her three hours and five the time !	. . . Biden’s deadly migration policies will overwhelm taxpayers and open the floodgates to terrorists , jihadists , and violent extremists . Under my Administration , the safety of our families will always come FIRST !
What ’ s a ”	Biden has pledged a staggering 700% increase in refugees from the most dangerous and violent terrorist hot spots on earth . He has also vowed to terminate our national security travel bans , allowing for unlimited migration from war zones , and terrorist havens . . .
A great day at the day ’ s great men ’ s the great men ’ s the great men ’ s great men ’ s men ’ s bed of her come to her	Or worse !
Who ’ s a ”	THE COVID DRUGS NOW AVAILABLE TO MAKE PROPLE BETTER ARE AMAZING , BUT SELDOM TALKED ABOUT BY THE MEDIA ! Mortality rate is 85% down !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who has done nothing but betray you for 47 long years - selling out to lobbyists , China , big pharma &; foreign countries . He will stab you in the back . He only cares about political power &; he will use that power to hurt you &; enrich his cronies !
The more in his new in her ” and “ Call in many years , many years !	. BrianKempGA and puppet GeoffDuncanGA . Your poll numbers are tanking like seldom seen before . Always said Georgians are smart !
Who ’ s a ”	There is only one way to defend your dignity . There is only one way to defend your family and your Country . There is only one way to preserve , protect and defend the American Way of Life: you must show up and vote on November 3rd !
Not good !	The got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible . Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy !
I thank you !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Call her her again To her her ” To her ”	“A Biden win would mean the end of Fracking in Pennsylvania , Texas , and everywhere else . Millions of jobs would be lost , and Energy prices would soar . ” OANN And we would no longer be Energy Independent ! ! !
A great knight , Who ’ s a great men ’ s one .	Suburban Women are trending strongly to our campaign because they want SAFETY , SECURITY , and love the fact that I terminated the REGULATION that would destroy their neighborhood and with it , the American Dream . Biden would bring the REGULATION back in a MUCH stronger form ! ! !
What ’ s men , whose fingers , and to the dangerous and dangerous To have honorable and dangerous yourself !	Thank you and congratulations to General Flynn . He and his incredible family have suffered greatly !
So much , though thou say a bad words .	Joe Biden spent the last 47 years outsourcing your jobs , opening your borders , and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars . He is a diehard globalist who cares nothing for working people . He repeatedly tried to cut Medicare &; Social Security . Biden was . . .
Why , by her men ’ s bed .	They got caught because we were leading by so much more than they ever thought possible . Late night ballot “dumps” went crazy !
O .	“President Obama meant a lot to Black people , but he didn’t do a thing for Black people” . Vernon Jones , Georgia State Represenative , Trump supporter . ffweekend
A one of her ” a work . ” A ” A ”	I paid many millions of dollars in Taxes to the Federal Government , most of which was even paid early , or PREPAID . MANY $MILLIONS . The Failing nytimes never likes reporting that !
Not to sleep .	Joe Biden will PACK THE COURT . Also , he never gave the answer who his Radical Left Justices will be !
Who ’ s a ”	Biden and the Radical Left are asking for the largest tax hike in the history of the USA Remember that when you VOTE !
Who ’ s a ”	NASDAQ and S&amp;P close at all-time highs . Congratulations !
The day of the day ’ s the very very very very of the very very of the very of her !	Big win for our very elite USA Special Forces today . Details to follow !
Who ’ s a ”	So true . Thanks Jody !
Call her a ”	This was not my case as has been so incorrectly reported . The case that everyone has been waiting for is the State’s case with Texas and numerous others joining . It is very strong , ALL CRITERIA MET . How can you have a presidency when a vast majority think the election was RIGGED ?
Who ’ s a ”	#ElectionDay #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	Congressman ( JDanBishop ) is doing a terrific job for North Carolina ! In Congress , Dan fights to Create Jobs , Strengthen our Military , and Defend your Second Amendment . Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NC09
Who ’ s a ”	Vote for NancyMace ! Her opponent , Joe Cunningham , is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left ! #SC01
I will .	Jim O’Neill ( JimONeillNC ) will be a fantastic Attorney General for North Carolina ! Strong on Law &; Order , the Constitution , and the Second Amendment , Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s a man !	We will be INTERVENING in the Texas ( plus many other states ) case . This is the big one . Our Country needs a victory !
For your grace , ’ s a help !	Germany has consistently been used by my obnoxious critics as the country that we should follow on the way to handle the China Virus . So much for that argument . I love Germany - Vaccines on the way ! ! !
Fair , you , and her bed and her ?	RIGGED ELECTION !
Who ’ s a ”	There is massive evidence of widespread fraud in the four states ( plus ) mentioned in the Texas suit . Just look at all of the tapes and affidavits !
I did more in her people than the people did never in men ’ s years !	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
But not for the Great was of the Great of the duke !	STOCK MARKETS AT NEW ALL TIME HIGHS ! ! !
What ’ s but a worse ' t , but worse !	Gallup: 56% of the USA is more satisfied with conditions now , even during a pandemic ( we are rounding the turn ! ) , than they were 4 years ago under Obama/Biden . Hasn’t been equaled in recent times !
Who ’ s a ”	This case had nothing to do with me . Fake News ( as usual ! ) .
I thank you !	Last night , our Country’s brave warriors rescued an American hostage in Nigeria . Our Nation salutes the courageous soldiers behind the daring nighttime rescue operation and celebrates the safe return of yet another American citizen !
Good my bed	We will soon be learning about the word “courage” , and saving our Country . I received hundreds of thousands of legal votes more , in all of the Swing States , than did my opponent . ALL Data taken after the vote says that it was impossible for me to lose , unless FIXED !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ”	Will be making a special speech in Pennsylvania at 12:30 P . M . Eastern !
Marry ?	No candidate has ever won both Florida and Ohio and lost . I won them both , by a lot ! #SupremeCourt
Call .	#OVERTURN
Who ’ s a ”	Pennsylvania is where the story of American Independence began – it is the state where the American Constitution was signed – and 3 days from now this is the state that will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM ! A great RED WAVE is forming !
What ’ s a man !	Thank you Newtown , Pennsylvania ! #MAGA
Why , that be gone !	I ran for office 4 years ago because I could not sit by &; watch any longer as a small group of Washington Insiders continued to get rich bleeding America Dry . No one embodies this betrayal &; treachery more than Joe Biden . Joe profited from the misery he unleashed on PA workers !
What ’ s a man !	If somebody cheated in the Election , which the Democrats did , why wouldn’t the Election be immediately overturned ? How can a Country be run like this ?
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	At 10:00 P . M . on Election Evening , we were at 97% win with the so-called “bookies” .
What ’ s a and I do desire .	Our ECONOMY is now surging back faster , better , bigger and stronger than any nation on earth . We just had the best quarter of ECONOMIC GROWTH EVER recorded - a 33 . 1% increase , and next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in the history of our Country !
Who ’ s a ”	Biden’s plan to Abolish American Energy is an economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania . A vote for Biden is a vote to BAN FRACKING &; send PA into a nightmare of poverty &; depression . Gas prices would explode &; family incomes would plummet—I will always defend &; promote PA energy !
What ’ s the men have my ambition , and thank you , Love ’ s our Love ’ s men ’ s men of our general and be a work !	Wow ! At least 17 States have joined Texas in the extraordinary case against the greatest Election Fraud in the history of the United States . Thank you !
What many !	“If you’re looking for Election Rigging , look no further . That’s what this is . They kept information from the public in order to influence the outcome of the Election . They RIGGED it . ” TuckerCarlson
Who ’ s a ”	Biden &; Obama owe a massive apology to the People of Flint . The water was poisoned on their watch . Not only did they fail them , Biden proudly accepted the endorsement of disastrous Gov Rick Snyder ! Unlike Biden , I will always stand with the People of the Great State of MICHIGAN !
The her that in the people ’ s a more ’ s ' tis a thank you !	Thank you Reading , Pennsylvania !
.	“10% of voters would have changed their vote if they knew about Hunter Biden . ” Miranda Devine nypost TuckerCarlson But I won anyway !
This is the letter to the letter of her that ’ s the matter .	NORTH CAROLINA: To make sure your Ballot COUNTS , sign &; send it in EARLY . When Polls open , go to your Polling Place to see if it was COUNTED . IF NOT , VOTE ! Your signed Ballot will not count because your vote has been posted . Don’t let them illegally take your vote away from you !
The time would be the will fail of her .	3 days from now , we are going to win Pennsylvania ! With your support , we will continue to bring back your jobs , and cut your taxes &; regulations . Biden would wipe out your factories , ship your jobs to China , raise your taxes , &; eliminate private healthcare !
Who ’ s a ”	I agree with Joe !
If they die , die for death .	. . . . living in the state , no matter who they are or how they got there , will get one . That will be followed up with professionals telling all of these people , many of whom have never even thought of voting before , how , and for whom , to vote . This will be a Rigged Election . No way !
Why , I thank you .	There is NO WAY ( ZERO ! ) that Mail-In Ballots will be anything less than substantially fraudulent . Mail boxes will be robbed , ballots will be forged &; even illegally printed out &; fraudulently signed . The Governor of California is sending Ballots to millions of people , anyone . . . . .
The matter is the most i ' the the matter of our people !	TrueTheVote There is a group of people ( largely Radical Left Democrats ) that want ELECTION MAYHEM . States must end this CRAZY mass sending of Ballots . Also , a GIFT to foreign interference into our election ! ! ! Stop it now , before it is too late .
Great was the office and the people by the purpose and the time ’ s thank you !	The big Unsolicited Ballot States should give it up NOW , before it is too late , and ask people to go to the Polling Booths and , like always before , VOTE . Otherwise , MAYHEM ! ! ! Solicited Ballots ( absentee ) are OK . foxandfriends
.	Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters” , or wherever , this year , the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED , which is what some want . Another election disaster yesterday . Stop Ballot Madness !
Why !	But Chris , you don’t see any activity from China , even though it is a FAR greater threat than Russia , Russia , Russia . They will both , plus others , be able to interfere in our 2020 Election with our totally vulnerable Unsolicited ( Counterfeit ? ) Ballot Scam . Check it out !
.	. . . . These THUGS are dishonoring the memory of George Floyd , and I won’t let that happen . Just spoke to Governor Tim Walz and told him that the Military is with him all the way . Any difficulty and we will assume control but , when the looting starts , the shooting starts . Thank you !
Who ’ s a ”	There will never be an “Autonomous Zone” in Washington , D . C . , as long as I’m your President . If they try they will be met with serious force !
I thank you !	. . . . after you Vote , which it should not , that Ballot will not be used or counted in that your vote has already been cast &; tabulated . YOU ARE NOW ASSURED THAT YOUR PRECIOUS VOTE HAS BEEN COUNTED , it hasn’t been “lost , thrown out , or in any way destroyed” . GOD BLESS AMERICA ! ! !
Let her be a man !	. . . . . go to your Polling Place to see whether or not your Mail In Vote has been Tabulated ( Counted ) . If it has you will not be able to Vote &; the Mail In System worked properly . If it has not been Counted , VOTE ( which is a citizen’s right to do ) . If your Mail In Ballot arrives . . . .
So much a man !	So now the Democrats are using Mail Drop Boxes , which are a voter security disaster . Among other things , they make it possible for a person to vote multiple times . Also , who controls them , are they placed in Republican or Democrat areas ? They are not Covid sanitized . A big fraud !
I thank you !	Crazy !
Who will be a more than we did than in her ' tis too much than ever .	Flu season is coming up ! Many people every year , sometimes over 100 , 000 , and despite the Vaccine , die from the Flu . Are we going to close down our Country ? No , we have learned to live with it , just like we are learning to live with Covid , in most populations far less lethal ! ! !
They ’ s a one ’ t , and be it .	Ari , THE MEDIA IS CORRUPT , JUST LIKE OUR DEMOCRAT RUN BALLOT SYSTEM IS CORRUPT ! Look at what’s happening with Fake , Missing and Fraudulent Ballots all over the Country ? ? ? VOTE
My lord at her again .	A total and complete sign off from White House Doctors yesterday . That means I can’t get it ( immune ) , and can’t give it . Very nice to know ! ! !
I thank you .	WISDOM &; COURAGE ! ! !
Great !	The Supreme Court has a chance to save our Country from the greatest Election abuse in the history of the United States . 78% of the people feel ( know ! ) the Election was RIGGED .
The matter I know this 's more .	How can you give an election to someone who lost the election by hundreds of thousands of legal votes in each of the swing states . How can a country be run by an illegitimate president ?
What and he ’ s a man !	How does Governor BrianKempGA allow certification of votes without verifying signatures and despite the recently released tape of ballots being stuffed ? His poll numbers have dropped like a rock . He is finished as governor ! RepDougCollins
Will be the news of her men ’ s her call .	We invested $2 . 5 TRILLION in the Military and we saved the Philly Shipyard . We passed VA Choice and VA Accountability . Al-Baghdadi and Soleimani are DEAD . I withdrew from the disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal—and instead of endless war , we are forging PEACE in the Middle East !
What ’ s a man !	“Donald Trump won by a landslide , and they stole it from him ! ” seanhannity
I have seen the men ’ s that ’ s as it is as now .	Over the next four years , we will stop the radical indoctrination of our students , and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools . We will teach our children to love our Country , honor our history , and always respect our great American Flag .
The very well I ’ s a well !	. . . . The fact that our Country is being stolen . A coup is taking place in front of our eyes , and the public can’t take this anymore . ” A Trump fan at Georgia Rally on OANN Bad !
They have been very .	We are ONE movement , ONE people , ONE family , and ONE GLORIOUS NATION UNDER GOD ! Together with the incredible people of Pennsylvania , we will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! #ElectionDay #MAGA
I thank you !	Thank you to the wonderful RJHarrisWHP580 for the nice words on FoxNews . Tremendous enthusiasm in Pennsylvania , and everywhere else . The Great Red Wave is coming !
Thanks .	“People are upset , and they have a right to be . Georgia not only supported Trump in 2016 , but now . This is the only State in the Deep South that went for Biden ? Have they lost their minds ? This is going to escalate dramatically . This is a very dangerous moment in our history . . . .
So good to see this great honor .	Just signed an order to protect fracking and the oil and gas industry . This means JOBS , low energy bills , and continued AMERICAN ENERGY INDEPENDENCE ! Sleepy Joe would BAN fracking and destroy American energy jobs ! He has NO clue ! !
Great together , work together , we are all the work !	Voter Fraud !
What , ’ s the day of the day .	Thank you Butler , Pennsylvania !
Who ’ s a ”	For the last 4 years you have seen me fight for you - and now I am relying on YOU to deliver another historic victory for our Country . A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream ! Get out and VOTE ! #Election2020 #MAGA
The worst will go down as the worst of the worst !	Great . Most corrupt Election in history , by far . We won ! ! !
A woman a woman , and what a woman is .	Over the next 4 years , we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World &; end our reliance on China . We will end surprise medical billing , require price transparency , lower drug prices even more , and we will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions !
Will be tonight by the people ’ s people .	A vote for Biden and Harris is a vote to Ban Fracking , Ban Mining , and Completely Destroy Pennsylvania . A vote for me is a vote to remain ENERGY INDEPENDENT ! Let’s WIN PENNSYLVANIA , get out and VOTE !
She will go down as it be in the least should be made in the least come !	I LOVE TEXAS !
I thank you to the very fair of our fair ” I will never let ’ s down !	Thank you albertmohler for your vote of confidence . You and I agree we can never compromise on Religious Liberty . #BeliversandBallots get to the polls and vote to protect Religious Liberty !
Who ’ s a ”	Today , I signed a proclamation recognizing Moroccan sovereignty over the Western Sahara . Morocco's serious , credible , and realistic autonomy proposal is the ONLY basis for a just and lasting solution for enduring peace and prosperity !
What I !	Thank you Montoursville , Pennsylvania !
I thank you !	Morocco recognized the United States in 1777 . It is thus fitting we recognize their sovereignty over the Western Sahara .
Will be a more than a bed .	Thank you Pennsylvania ! With your vote , we will continue to support our Military , Veterans and our Police Officers . Biden and Harris would pass legislation to slash police funding all across America . They stand with the rioters – we stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement ! #MAGA
He .	Another HISTORIC breakthrough today ! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Morocco have agreed to full diplomatic relations – a massive breakthrough for peace in the Middle East !
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ” to the people ’ s work of her ” to her ”	Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH American Oil and Natural Gas . Today I signed an order to strongly protect Pennsylvania's energy &; fracking industry . If Biden &; Harris get in , they will terminate this order and implement the Green New Deal . Get out and VOTE !
We will be done for our great great great our great .	Joe Biden has been a disaster for African Americans and Hispanic Americans—I am fighting for citizens of every race , color and creed . We achieved record low unemployment rates . I signed landmark Criminal Justice Reform , and we will deliver School Choice !
The matter ?	So true , a must read !
I was it , in these people have all that they were now .	mrdemain27 Thanks Darren .
.	No Presidential candidate ever came even close to losing an Election who won Iowa , Florida and Ohio . I won all three , by a lot !
I love them wrong .	19 states are fighting for us , almost unheard of support !
The fast the fast We must prove the more than ’ s more than ever .	Trump Supporters Fill Streets of Beverly Hills: ‘The Silent Majority is Silenced No More‘ via BreitbartNews Thank you !
A great suit I am a fellow of his fellow .	Tremendous support from all over the Country . All we ask is COURAGE &; WISDOM from those that will be making one of the most important decisions in our Country’s history . God bless you !
I thank you !	Go Joe ! ! !
So .	Why didn’t the Fake News Media , the FBI and the DOJ report the Biden matter BEFORE the Election . Oh well , it’s OK , we won the Election anyway - 75 , 000 , 000 VOTES ! ! !
So he !	Great people with unlimited potential . WIN ! ! !
I thank you .	. Facebook Put them back NOW !
I thank you !	No war with North Korea , tamed fighting in Idlib Province and many other places . NO WARS STARTED BY USA , Troop removals all over , and so much more . Thank you Larry !
A great show it !	While my pushing the money drenched but heavily bureaucratic US_FDA saved five years in the approval of NUMEROUS great new vaccines , it is still a big , old , slow turtle . Get the dam vaccines out NOW , Dr . Hahn SteveFDA . Stop playing games and start saving lives ! ! !
Why , they say a man to be a man .	The Swine Flu ( H1N1 ) , and the attempt for a vaccine by the Obama Administration , with Joe Biden in charge , was a complete and total disaster . Now they want to come in and take over one of the “greatest and fastest medical miracles in modern day history . ” I don’t think so !
Is ’ t ,	I just want to stop the world from killing itself !
The that no that ’ s that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s no more .	Now it turns out that my phone call to the President of Ukraine , which many , including me , have called “perfect” , was even better than that . I predicted Biden corruption , said to call the A . G . , who perhaps knew of the corruption during the impeachment hoax ?
Call her her again then , and her bed !	Now that the Biden Administration will be a scandal plagued mess for years to come , it is much easier for the Supreme Court of the United States to follow the Constitution and do what everybody knows has to be done . They must show great Courage &; Wisdom . Save the USA ! ! !
If you murder , come , you should receive the bond !	Now it turns out that the Democrats want the Pack the Court with 26 Justices . This would be terrible , and must be stopped . Even Justice RBG was strongly opposed !
What a day a day ’ s day !	“Donald Trump must get the credit for the vaccines . It is a miracle . ” Varneyco
True , with more than a one of her !	We need Esther Joy King ( Esther4Congress ) in Congress for Illinois ! She is a Strong Supporter of our #MAGA agenda and she’s running against a Total Fraud who the Democrats are now rushing to save . Esther has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IL17
What , be the father and all the father ’ s death !	. Victoria_Spartz will be a terrific Congresswoman for Indiana . Working with me , she will Create Jobs , Lower Taxes , Deliver for our Farmers , and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment . Victoria has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IN05
After the a little , Who is no more worthy of the Prince of the Prince ’ s worthy horse !	Scott Franklin ( ScottFranklinFL ) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Florida ! A Navy Veteran , he will help us Lower your Taxes , Strengthen our Military and Defend your Second Amendment . Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #FL15
.	Lisa McClain ( LisaForCongress ) will be an incredible Congresswoman for Michigan ! She is Strong on the Economy &; Jobs , Border Security , Infrastructure , our Military &; Vets , and the Second Amendment . Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MI10
.	If the Supreme Court shows great Wisdom and Courage , the American People will win perhaps the most important case in history , and our Electoral Process will be respected again !
Great a man !	If the two Senators from Georgia should lose , which would be a horrible thing for our Country , I am the only thing that stands between “Packing the Court” ( last number heard , 25 ) , and preserving it . I will not , under any circumstances , Pack the Court !
Well , a great sake .	. CheleFarley will be an incredible Congresswoman for the Great State of New York ! An engineer and businesswoman , she is Strong on the Economy , Infrastructure , Law &; Order , and your Second Amendment . Chele has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NY18
Fair a man in her never was his fortunes .	. CliffBentz will be a great Congressman for the people of Oregon ! A Successful Rancher , he is Strong on Jobs &; the Economy , Trade , Law &; Order , our Military &; Vets , and your Second Amendment . Cliff has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OR02
Call it on a news of her ” .	Big Jim Justice ( JimJusticeWV ) is a GREAT Governor of West Virginia ! An experienced businessman , he Creates Jobs , Stands with Life , Defends the Second Amendment , and Loves our Coal Miners . Big Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WVGOV
Call her her “ Who ’ s her ” for her ”	. DerrickVanOrden will be a terrific Congressman for Wisconsin ! A former Navy SEAL , he will stand for Law &; Order , Jobs , the Wall , and he will always Protect Life and the Second Amendment . Derrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WI03
Call .	Georgia , where is signature verification approval ? What do you have to lose ? Must move quickly ! BrianKempGA GeoffDuncanGA GaSecofState
The time must be a very of men , not the late , which is it is , which is it is , and a very late , and be a very late ,	. JakeLaTurner will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Kansas ! He will help us Lower your Taxes , Support our Brave Law Enforcement , Build the Wall , and Protect and Defend your Second Amendment . Jake has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KS02
Why !	Steve Negron ( SteveNegronNH ) will be a tireless advocate in Congress for the State of New Hampshire ! An Air Force Veteran , he is Strong on the Economy , our Brave Law Enforcement and your Second Amendment . Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NH02
I thank you !	We need Genevieve Collins ( GCForCongress ) in Congress for Texas ! She is Strong on Jobs &; the Economy , National Security and Education , and she will always Defend your Second Amendment . Genevieve has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TX32
I thank you !	People have long been voting but Joe Biden has still not released his Supreme Court List of Radical Left Judges that he would like to put on the Court . Also , is he going to Court Pack ? He thinks he can bluff his way through these two important questions . Can only vote against ! ! !
What ’ s a ”	Our numbers are looking VERY good all over . Sleepy Joe is already beginning to pull out of certain states . The Radical Left is going down !
What ’ s that hath been a touch of men that you play .	. . . The place was a mess and would have lost much more business if I hadn’t come along . Many new plants are starting . Foreign countries and companies now treat the USA , and Michigan , with respect . Big jobs plans . Please remember this when you go to cast your very important vote !
Call !	When I originally became your all time favorite President , the Great State of Michigan was hemorrhaging car companies and jobs . Plants were closing and moving to Mexico , and other places . No new plants for decades . I stopped the moves , &; now many plants are and have been built . . .
The many of many of her !	Joe Biden called Black Youth SUPER PREDATORS . They will NEVER like him , or vote for him . They are voting for “TRUMP” .
O , is this !	. . . . The American people deserve answers , better late than never . ” IngrahamAngle
.	“Don’t the voters have to know what the Federal prosecutor’s know . The establishment failed us . The media , congressional leaders , the Democrat Party ? No wonder 74 ( a pres . record ) million Americans voted for Donald Trump , &; they still don’t believe the outcome of this election . . .
What ’ s a man ’ ll bear a common Which ’ s lust ’ s the thing !	The Supreme Court really let us down . No Wisdom , No Courage !
Will be a one of her tonight .	Biden wants to LOCKDOWN our Country , maybe for years . Crazy ! There will be NO LOCKDOWNS . The great American Comeback is underway ! ! !
I thank you !	. . . . all I needed , everything went swimmingly from there . He was so highly regarded &; respected in Scotland and beyond that years of future turmoil was avoided . Sean was a great actor and an even greater man . Sincere condolences to his family !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . that , after careful study and consideration , think you got “screwed” , something which will hurt them also . Many others likewise join the suit but , within a flash , it is thrown out and gone , without even looking at the many reasons it was brought . A Rigged Election , fight on !
Call her her , Who ’ s a ”	So , you’re the President of the United States , and you just went through an election where you got more votes than any sitting President in history , by far - and purportedly lost . You can’t get “standing” before the Supreme Court , so you “intervene” with wonderful states . . . . .
I thank you !	The legendary actor , 007 Sean Connery , has past on to even greener fairways . He was quite a guy , and a tough character . I was having a very hard time getting approvals for a big development in Scotland when Sean stepped in and shouted , “Let him build the damn thing” . That was . . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	FDA APPROVES PFIZER VACCINE FOR EMERGENCY USE ! ! !
But not the Moor he was the Great of her ?	“We’ve not gotten any court to judge this ( the vote ) on its merit . ” DanPatrick of Texas . It is a legal disgrace , an embarrassment to the USA ! ! !
Great coming on the Capitol with the Capitol .	WISCONSIN ! Vote to defend your family , your Country , and the American Way of Life . Get out and VOTE TODAY before In-Person Absentee Voting ends . Your vote will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
.	Georgia GOP Chair Says ‘We Are Trusting No One , ’ Promises ‘Eyes on Every Part’ of Voting Process via BreitbartNews You can’t rely on BrianKempGA . Unlike other governors for the many states I won , he lost total control . Signature verification ? ? ?
A sir , a one of her ?	Joe Biden constantly used the term “Super Predator” when referring to young Black Men , according to my sources .
I thank you , put up the great work !	Being restored immediately . Facebook stated that they made an “enforcement error” . Thank you !
Who ’ s a ” to her ” to her ”	Report: Democrats Growing More Anxious in Pennsylvania via BreitbartNews Biden would kill Fracking and our great 2nd Amendment . No wonder he’s losing Pennsylvania !
I will not our men have a great men to be a little things .	“Justices Alito and Thomas say they would have allowed Texas to proceed with its election lawsuit . ” seanhannity This is a great and disgraceful miscarriage of justice . The people of the United States were cheated , and our Country disgraced . Never even given our day in Court !
Who ’ s a ”	GOP Rep . Jordan: Trump Winning Margin ‘Is Going to Be So Strong‘ -- ‘It‘s Going to Be a No-Doubter‘ via BreitbartNews
Who ’ s a ”	I WON THE ELECTION IN A LANDSLIDE , but remember , I only think in terms of legal votes , not all of the fake voters and fraud that miraculously floated in from everywhere ! What a disgrace !
I am far better than the better than the matter !	WATCH: Antifa Shouts ‘Death to Your f**king Empire‘ While Burning USA Flag via BreitbartNews These are Criminal Anarchists and must be brought to Justice ! Biden fears them . FBI
To change a little for the little .	rrpsllc Thank you .
The more make it work .	Who is a worse governor , BrianKempGA of Georgia or dougducey of Arizona ? ? ? These are two RINO Republicans who fought against me and the Republican Party harder than any Democrat . They allowed states that I won easily to be stolen . Never forget , vote them out of office !
Who , ’ s a “ Who in her ” at the people ’ s one ’ s ’ s her	THANK YOU MICHIGAN !
Who ’ s a ”	Look at this in Michigan ! A day AFTER the election , Biden receives a dump of 134 , 886 votes at 6:31AM !
What to see our chamber again !	You don’t have to take my word on Biden’s 47 years of treachery and betrayal . We have it on tape , watch !
In the next men ’ s a sun will her ” Call her her up !	I am standing up to the global special interests who got rich bleeding America Dry . The corrupt establishment hates me because I don’t answer to THEM – I answer to YOU !
Who ’ s a ”	Over the last 4 years , I have fought for Michigan like no one ever has !
A best friend .	I have been doing this . I agree !
How now !	Under my leadership , our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33 . 1% ! While foreign nations are in freefall , we are creating the world’s greatest ECONOMIC POWERHOUSE ! Get out and VOTE on November 3rd , so we can keep it going ! #MAGA
What ’ s all , as you shall be again !	A big disappointment !
Who ’ s a ”	IF Biden gets in , nothing will happen to Hunter or Joe . Barr will do nothing , and the new group of partisan killers coming in will quickly kill it all . Same thing with Durham . We caught them cold , spying , treason &; more ( the hard part ) , but “Justice” took too long . Will be DOA !
Call it !	Trump Campaign Rejects Media Reports of Changed Pennsylvania Case via BreitbartNews . Just more Fake News . Harassment and exclusion of our Poll Watchers is a big part of our case . Unconstitutional !
What ’ s a man !	WE HAVE JUST BEGUN TO FIGHT ! ! !
Call her again !	Why didn’t Bill Barr reveal the truth to the public , before the Election , about Hunter Biden . Joe was lying on the debate stage that nothing was wrong , or going on - Press confirmed . Big disadvantage for Republicans at the polls !
What ’ s a	Biden is a proven Castro puppet ! Vote TRUMP
We are with them !	Wow ! Thousands of people forming in Washington ( D . C . ) for Stop the Steal . Didn’t know about this , but I’ll be seeing them ! #MAGA
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Chris Wallace of FoxNews , by far the lowest rated of the Sunday morning news programs , can’t get over his poor debate performance , probably even worse than Sleepy Joe’s . His show is a total “hit job” on your favorite President , me !
What ’ s her that should be the people ?	Michigan was GREAT ! Landing now in Dubuque , Iowa . See you soon .
Why with her a ” ’ s bed , Who ’ s her ”	The Supreme Court had ZERO interest in the merits of the greatest voter fraud ever perpetrated on the United States of America . All they were interested in is “standing” , which makes it very difficult for the President to present a case on the merits . 75 , 000 , 000 votes !
Good my lord to her ” to her ’ s ”	Thank you Iowa !
In the next men ’ s a sun will receive the next week !	Biden did a very POOR job of handling H1N1 Swine Flu , yet all he talks about is Covid , Covid , Covid , like he would actually know what he is doing . He doesn’t . Plus , he would be TERRIBLE with the Economy !
Who is it , ’ s a ” and my ” !	905K9 Thanks .
Who ’ s a ”	Pennsylvania: Biden said that he doesn’t want Fracking . Besides , and more importantly , his handlers won’t allow Fracking . That would be the end of Pennsylvania !
Call it her again .	Jon_dennis82 Redskins True .
.	If failing Governor BrianKempGA would allow signature verification , David &; Kelly would WIN !
Who ’ s a ”	The drug companies are going crazy putting up nasty ads against me asking to “withdraw my Favored Nation’s Executive Order” . They don’t want the USA to have the lowest drug prices in the world , but we now will . Big reductions coming . No other politician would do this ! ! !
What ’ s this lie !	For decades , Joe Biden let other countries rip you off and cheat America blind ! The only people who’ve benefited from his policies are himself &; his family . He shows up every 4 years , and then goes back to D . C . and caters to his special interests . My only special interest is YOU .
I will be by her again by her ” .	How do states and politicians confirm an election where corruption and irregularities are documented throughout ? A Swing State hustle !
Will be the news of her men ’ s her call .	Joe Biden is the candidate of rioters , looters , arsonists , gun-grabbers , flag-burners , Marxists , lobbyists , and special interests . I am the candidate of farmers , factory workers , police officers , and hard-working , law-abiding patriots of every race , religion and creed ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	Biden will terminate school choice , eliminate charter schools , defund religious schools , ban prayer in public schools , indoctrinate your children with Anti-American lies , and force you to subsidize extreme late-term abortion . We believe that every child is a Sacred Gift from God !
What ’ s a ”	MOST CORRUPT ELECTION IN USA HISTORY !
Great was a thank you , you , sir , ’ s work !	People are forgetting that if Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Dems win , you will vey quickly lose your Second Amendment !
What ’ s a man !	THE BIGGEST WINNER OF OUR NEW DEFENSE BILL IS CHINA ! . I WILL VETO !
What is ’ s ’ s ’ s lord !	Thank you North Carolina !
I do !	. . . Tens of millions of haphazardly ballots sent , with some people getting two , three , or four ballots . We will never give up !
From land , to her men ’ s delight .	The RINOS that run the state voting apparatus have caused us this problem of allowing the Democrats to so blatantly cheat in their attempt to steal the election , which we won overwhelmingly . How dare they allow this massive and ridiculous Mail-In Voting to occur . . .
I thank you !	Sheriff Troy Nehls ( SheriffTNehls ) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Texas ! An Army Veteran , he Strongly Supports Law &; Order , the Wall , our Military &; Vets , and your Second Amendment . Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TX22
And for the day .	. . . They just “chickened out” and didn’t want to rule on the merits of the case . So bad for our Country !
The in the man !	In my opinion , these patriots did nothing wrong . Instead , the FBI &; Justice should be investigating the terrorists , anarchists , and agitators of ANTIFA , who run around burning down our Democrat run cities and hurting our people !
Give her a bed , Call her lord .	The fact that the Supreme Court wouldn’t find standing in an original jurisdiction matter between multiple states , and including the President of the States , is absurd . It is enumerated in the Constitution . . .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	ewilli1204 Thanks !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Alan_Saranga Thanks .
What ?	Thank you Georgia ! #MAGA
This is a an an an ass , but another ’ s praise , and a again !	. . . . place in Detroit , Philadelphia , Milwaukee , Atlanta , Pittsburgh , and elsewhere . In all Swing State cases , there are far more votes than are necessary to win the State , and the Election itself . Therefore , VOTES CANNOT BE CERTIFIED . THIS ELECTION IS UNDER PROTEST !
In this !	. . . . . and many others voted illegally . Also , machine “glitches” ( another word for FRAUD ) , ballot harvesting , non-resident voters , fake ballots , “stuffing the ballot box” , votes for pay , roughed up Republican Poll Watchers , and sometimes even more votes than people voting , took . . . .
Remember this ?	. FrankPallottaNJ will be a great Congressman for the terrific people of New Jersey ! He is Strong on the Economy &; Jobs , Low Taxes , the Military , our Brave Law Enforcement , and your Second Amendment . Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NJ05
Call .	Swing States that have found massive VOTER FRAUD , which is all of them , CANNOT LEGALLY CERTIFY these votes as complete &; correct without committing a severely punishable crime . Everybody knows that dead people , below age people , illegal immigrants , fake signatures , prisoners , . . . .
Who hath brought the great desire to the second hair of the great him !	Vaccines are shipped and on their way , FIVE YEARS AHEAD OF SCHEDULE . Get well USA . Get well WORLD . We love you all !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who is bought and paid for by China ! In 2016 , Georgia voted to FIRE this corrupt political establishment and you elected an outsider as President who is finally putting AMERICA FIRST !
What ’ s a man !	People working in the White House should receive the vaccine somewhat later in the program , unless specifically necessary . I have asked that this adjustment be made . I am not scheduled to take the vaccine , but look forward to doing so at the appropriate time . Thank you !
Why , her that I have done !	Oh no ! What is going on ? This is not good news , even for “Indians” . Cancel culture at work !
I thank you , ’ s a more , ’ s ’ s part , I thank you , ’ ll have a bed , a time !	Remember , Third Quarter GDP is the biggest in USA history , by far . Next year will be our best ever !
So bad !	mathewaiken Great !
Faith , your lord , you ’ s more !	Biden will repeal your Second Amendment and Pack the Court !
I thank you .	Democrats weakened the Signature Verification ( and other ) safeguards in Georgia . staceyabrams played BrianKempGA &; Secretary of State , for fools . Consent Decree , which is terrible for Republicans ( and honest people ! ) , must be opened up NOW - David , Kelly , and I will then win !
I will never let you never be of him , let ’ s never will be of him .	What a fool Governor BrianKempGA of Georgia is . Could have been so easy , but now we have to do it the hard way . Demand this clown call a Special Session and open up signature verification , NOW . Otherwise , could be a bad day for two GREAT Senators on January 5th .
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	Getting ready to land in the Great State of Florida . See you soon !
This will never be old old !	TylerKrist734 Thanks .
What ’ s a man !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
This is so true !	Thank you Florida ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	Under my leadership , our ECONOMY is now growing at the fastest rate EVER recorded—33 . 1% ! #MAGA
We could all set from this day .	A great honor !
From the land , i ' the land of the Great !	“Why did the Swing States stop counting in the middle of the night ? ” MariaBartiromo Because they waited to find out how many ballots they had to produce in order to steal the Rigged Election . They were so far behind that they needed time , &; a fake “water main break” , to recover !
The more ’ s a man ’ s ’ s the matter .	PeterThiele Thanks Peter .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	First Vaccine Administered . Congratulations USA ! Congratulations WORLD !
The men ’ s great have lost our great men .	For 47 years , Sleepy Joe Biden betrayed Hispanic-Americans . Now he wants to close your small businesses , eliminate school choice , and attack our Hispanic Law Enforcement Heroes . I will always stand with the incredible Hispanic-American community !
Who ’ s a ”	WOW . This report shows massive fraud . Election changing result !
Who ’ s a ”	If you need information on how or where to VOTE , click below ! #MAGA
Who was a one before he ’ s work .	. . . As I said at the debate – “Will you remember that Texas ? Pennsylvania ? Ohio ? New Mexico ? ” I will always protect American Energy and American Jobs ! Get out and VOTE #MAGA !
Where is the men ?	. . . Deputy Attorney General Jeff Rosen , an outstanding person , will become Acting Attorney General . Highly respected Richard Donoghue will be taking over the duties of Deputy Attorney General . Thank you to all !
What is a one of her !	Just learned that Sleepy Joe Biden is campaigning in Pennsylvania with Lady Gaga , a proud member of “Artists Against Fracking . ” This is more proof that he would ban Fracking and skyrocket your energy prices . . .
Thanks !	Just had a very nice meeting with Attorney General Bill Barr at the White House . Our relationship has been a very good one , he has done an outstanding job ! As per letter , Bill will be leaving just before Christmas to spend the holidays with his family . . .
I do you , a woman ’ s great woman !	As long as I’m in office , NEBRASKA , MICHIGAN , MINNESOTA , and OHIO will bounce back Bigger and Better than ever before ! Early Vote polls close today in these Great States and we need YOU to get out and VOTE ! Together , we’ll MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN ! !
The matter are so now , and so much , And so much to be done !	Good Morning ! Let’s #MAGA !
A one !	This is BIG NEWS . Dominion Voting Machines are a disaster all over the Country . Changed the results of a landslide election . Can’t let this happen . Thank you for the genius , bravery , and patriotism of the Judge . Should get a medal !
A new “ he is born .	Thank you Kevin . Many Trump votes were routed to Biden . The highly respected Michigan Judge released this epic report . True all over the Country . This Fake Election can no longer stand . Get moving Republicans . Big Swing State Win ! 75 , 000 , 000 VOTES .
True !	This story is FALSE . They did nothing wrong . But the ANTIFA Anarchists , Rioters and Looters , who have caused so much harm and destruction in Democrat run cities , are being seriously looked at !
Faith , sir , he ’ s a morning , for the matter .	West Virginia , Get Out and Vote for Patrick Morrisey for Attorney General ! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What , ’ s a men will be a great fear !	Tremendous problems being found with voting machines . They are so far off it is ridiculous . Able to take a landslide victory and reduce it to a tight loss . This is not what the USA is all about . Law enforcement shielding machines . DO NOT TAMPER , a crime . Much more to come !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	68% error rate in Michigan Voting Machines . Should be , by law , a tiny percentage of one percent . Did Michigan Secretary of State break the law ? Stay tuned !
Who ’ s a ”	On my way to North Carolina . Big crowds , see you in a little while !
Ay !	Landing in North Carolina . See you soon !
And for the us in the time ’ s thank you !	Texas , Pennsylvania: Biden is against Second Amendment and Fracking . Please remember !
Why , will be more than ever , before ever , before ever , and ever be .	Biden was a pathetic laughing stock all over Washington for the horrible way he handled the H1N1 Swine Flu . Even his own Chief of Staff said he didn’t know what he was doing !
The men have been too hard for their hard to be too .	Tremendous evidence pouring in on voter fraud . There has never been anything like this in our Country !
No more !	“No President in history has done more for OHIO than President Trump . ”
All things that I have her that have no more than more than more than the more than that I have more than the more than the more than her have a more than the more than the more than her .	Mo Brooks: ‘Trump Won the Electoral College‘ --- I Can Be a Part of the ‘Surrender Caucus‘ or I Can Fight for Our Country via BreitbartNews
No , and the fine and but the fine .	I PREPAID Millions of Dollars in FEDERAL INCOME TAXES !
Why , a more ' s a more ’ s ' s ' s ’ s ’ s a more , ’ s a more than a ” !	Because of corruption or because I won despite corruption ?
What , ’ s a say , sir , sir !	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA !
I will be but one that the same Was that that that ’ s from the other of her .	Every corrupt force in American life that betrayed you and hurt your are supporting Joe Biden: The failed establishment that started the disastrous foreign wars; The career politicians that offshored your industries &; decimated your factories; The open borders lobbyists . . .
What ’ s the money to the money that the people ’ s that ’ s people .	Franklin Graham: ‘I Am Grateful to God’ for ‘the Last Four Years’ via BreitbartNews Thank you Franklin !
I thank you !	Poll: 92% of Republican Voters think the election was rigged !
.	Biden can never negotiate with China . They would own the USA if he were ever President !
They will be made our great people destroy him .	. . . our noble history , heritage &; heroes; and ANTIFA , the rioters , looters , Marxists , &; left-wing extremists . THEY ALL SUPPORT JOE BIDEN !
This is the the that should should should think that they should think that is good that the man !	. . . that killed our fellow citizens with illegal drugs , gangs &; crime; The far-left Democrats that ruined our public schools , depleted our inner cities , defunded our police , &; demeaned your sacred faith &; values; The Anti-American radicals defaming . . .
What ’ s a man !	We have more Cases because we have more Testing !
What ’ s a man !	Trump's allies slam Mitch McConnell for congratulating Biden via MailOnline . Mitch , 75 , 000 , 000 VOTES , a record for a sitting President ( by a lot ) . Too soon to give up . Republican Party must finally learn to fight . People are angry !
.	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
What kind of an ass is this a man ?	ajshaw1003 Great !
I thank you !	Biden NEVER named his list of Supreme Court Justices . Never even said whether or not he was going to Pack the Court . So how do you vote for this guy ?
A more a ring at the while .	Biden will RAISE YOUR TAXES ( Biggest increase ever ! ) .
I thank you !	“Study: Dominion Machines shifted 2-3% of Trump Votes to Biden . Far more votes than needed to sway election . ” Florida , Ohio , Texas and many other states were won by even greater margins than projected . Did just as well with Swing States , but bad things happened . OANN
Call ’ s a ”	The Depraved Swamp have been trying to stop me – because they know I don’t answer to THEM – I answer only to YOU . Together , we will defeat the corrupt establishment , we will DETHRONE the failed political class , we will drain the Washington Swamp &; we will SAVE THE AMERICAN DREAM !
Come on a call , it !	Joe Biden is bought and paid for by Big Tech , Big Media , Big Donors , and powerful special interests . They are desperate for him to win because they own him , they control him , and they know he will always do their bidding !
He hath made in his side .	So ridiculous and unfair . Will people never make a stand !
Why , the bring us to greatness is the cause .	Just signed an order to establish the 1776 Commission . We will stop the radical indoctrination of our students , and restore PATRIOTIC EDUCATION to our schools !
I thank you .	Can’t believe how badly FoxNews is doing in the ratings . They played right into the hands of the Radical Left Democrats , &; now are floating in limboland . Hiring fired donnabraziIe , and far worse , allowing endless negative and unedited commercials . FoxNews is dead . Really Sad !
Why , a call , Who ’ s a second stuff !	Perhaps the biggest difference between 2016 and 2020 is FoxNews , despite the fact that I went from 63 , 000 , 000 Votes to 75 , 000 , 000 Votes , a record 12 , 000 , 000 Vote increase . Obama went down 3 , 000 , 000 Votes , and won . Rigged Election ! ! !
Thanks !	Landing in Scranton , Pennsylvania !
What a fool ’ s a more ’ s again !	I gave Maine everything that Obama/Biden took away from it . 5000 square miles , Lobster , Fishing , ended tariffs from China and E . U . and much more . Vote Trump Maine !
I thank you , a great have a thousand ' ll have a thousand ' ll have a great a time of a great have a great have a thousand ’ s a great a thousand ' s a thousand .	Senate Hearings going on LIVE OANN , as to the Fraudulent 2020 Election that just took place . SenRonJohnson doing an excellent job . Nevada must be flipped based on testimony !
I thank you !	THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA !
Who are the two ?	Former United States Solicitor General Ken Starr: Pennsylvania “Flagrantly Violated” Laws Ahead of Election .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	TheRealKurse So true !
I am a a a man ’ s bed !	Chris Krebs was totally excoriated and proven wrong at the Senate Hearing on the Fraudulent 2020 Election . Massive FRAUD took place with machines , people voting from out of state , illegals , dead people , no signatures—and so much more !
So !	Joe Biden’s plan to BAN FRACKING is an Economic DEATH SENTENCE for Pennsylvania . A vote for Biden is a vote to Ban Fracking , Outlaw Mining , explode energy costs , and totally DESTROY Pennsylvania . Get out tomorrow and VOTE #TrumpPence2020 !
Good my lord .	TRUE !
Who , sir , for the work and his horse under the duke and his horse .	. . . He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the WTO . Pennsylvania lost half of its manufacturing jobs after those Biden Calamities . Joe Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Pennsylvania to CHINA !
I thank you !	Yesterday , I was thrilled to be endorsed by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette , the first time the paper has endorsed a Republican for president in half a century . Thank you ! #MAGA
I thank you , that was a great a great was a great a great time !	Joe Biden is a globalist who spent 47 years outsourcing your jobs , opening your borders , and sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars . He shuttered your steel mills , annihilated your coal jobs , and supported every disastrous trade deal for half a century . . .
Come , till the fast and her bed .	“Michigan fraud witness totally debunks Dominion CEO . ” OANN It was brutal !
A low that that is the base and show of nature !	If I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician , it’s because I’m NOT a politician . If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment , it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU , harder than anyone ever has before !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . no future for America’s youth . A vote for Biden is a vote for Lockdowns , Layoffs and Misery . Get out and VOTE tomorrow !
Great night in her that and her bed and call .	Joe Biden is promising to delay the vaccine and turn America into a prison state—locking you in your home while letting far-left rioters roam free . The Biden Lockdown will mean no school , no graduations , no weddings , no Thanksgiving , no Christmas , no Fourth of July , and . . .
The more called her today at her ” !	All-time Stock Market high . The Vaccine and the Vaccine rollout are getting the best of reviews . Moving along really well . Get those “shots” everyone ! Also , stimulus talks looking very good .
The time is a time , all of a time !	With your VOTE , we will continue to cut your taxes and regs , support our police , support our military , protect your 2A , defend religious liberty &; ensure more products are proudly stamped MADE IN THE USA ! Next year will be the greatest economic year in the history of our Country !
Who ’ s a ”	For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America , and standing up for PENNSYLVANIA . Tomorrow , you have the power , with your vote , to save AMERICA ! GET OUT AND VOTE ! ! #MAGA
Upon the mother of our mother , and she should be the mother of her !	As Christians throughout this great Country celebrate All Souls Day , let’s remember those who went before us and built this great nation . May their legacy inspire us as we keep our nation what it has always been: blessed and great !
I thank you , and thank you !	I have NOTHING to do with the potential prosecution of Hunter Biden , or the Biden family . It is just more Fake News . Actually , I find it very sad to watch !
Who ’ s a ”	Crazy !
Who ’ s a ”	My #AmericanDreamPlan is a promise to Hispanic Americans to fuel a thriving economy , provide education opportunity for all , preserve freedom , and support faith , family , and community !
Call her her again then and her again !	I will Veto the Defense Bill , which will make China very unhappy . They love it . Must have Section 230 termination , protect our National Monuments and allow for removal of military from far away , and very unappreciative , lands . Thank you !
I ’ ll be a work .	¡Mi #AmericanDreamPlan es una promesa para los hispanoamericanos de impulsar una economía próspera , proveer oportunidades de educación para todos , preservar la libertad y apoyar la fe , la familia y la comunidad !
I ’ ll be more but more but I ’ ll be so much of my part .	Just released data shows many thousands of noncitizens voted in Nevada . They are totally ineligible to vote !
My great honor !	Just landed in Traverse City , Michigan . Big crowd !
I thank you , ’ s great work !	Democrats would never put up with a Presidential Election stolen by the Republicans !
And it is like the day that the business in that lies , but with me , And yet but by the matter .	That’s because he is a great champion and man of courage . More Republican Senators should follow his lead . We had a landslide victory , and then it was swindled away from the Republican Party - but we caught them . Do something !
I thank you !	Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries , and BAN fracking . Biden’s energy ban will send every state into crushing poverty , from Michigan , to Wisconsin to Arizona to Pennsylvania .
Why !	Thank you !
And that ’ s a ”	I just signed an executive order to teach our students PRO-AMERICAN Values !
I thank you , her men , ’ s her , and her ’ s bed !	Tommy will be more popular than ever before - a hero !
I know that I would be a question of this !	We won Wisconsin big . They rigged the vote !
The very soldier today on ’ s good news .	Joe Biden would increase refugees from terrorist nations by 700% . His plan would overwhelm your communities and turn Michigan , Minnesota , Wisconsin and the entire Midwest into a refugee camp . I am protecting your families and keeping Radical Islamic Terrorists OUT of our Country !
True !	A vote for Joe Biden is a vote to extinguish and eradicate your state’s auto industry . Biden is a corrupt politician who SOLD OUT Michigan to CHINA . Biden is the living embodiment of the decrepit and depraved political class that got rich bleeding America Dry !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	For 47 years , Joe Biden viciously attacked Black Americans . He called young black men “super predators . ” To every black American: I am asking for your vote . This is your one and only chance to show Sleepy Joe what you think of his decision to attack you , jail you , and betray you !
Will be tonight on the more than the matter .	Over the next 4 years , we will teach our children to love our Country , honor our history , and always respect our great American Flag—and with God’s help , we will defend the right to life , religious liberty , and the right to KEEP AND BEAR ARMS !
A very well with you .	New Peter Strzok Texts Undermine Official Narrative on Start of ‘Russia Collusion‘ Investigation via BreitbartNews . Check out last in his class John McCain , one of the most overrated people in D . C .
A great day , there ’ s great the day !	THANK YOU MICHIGAN ! Tomorrow , you have the power , with your vote , to save AMERICA ! So get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors and co-workers , and GET OUT AND VOTE ! Together , WE will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
She should be shame of mine !	I am very disappointed in the United States Supreme Court , and so is our great country !
Why , a little world ’ s a sound of all !	The Supreme Court decision on voting in Pennsylvania is a VERY dangerous one . It will allow rampant and unchecked cheating and will undermine our entire systems of laws . It will also induce violence in the streets . Something must be done !
I thank you .	Itsyknowsbest Thanks !
What ’ s a man !	THANK YOU WISCONSIN !
Call up the week ” a week ” ’ s ”	Moderna vaccine overwhelmingly approved . Distribution to start immediately .
What ’ s a ”	I am asking you to go VOTE for your favorite president , we still have work to do ! Let’s WIN , WIN , WIN !
What ’ s the matter for a people with her that we ’ s her ?	Europe and other parts of the World being hit hard by the China Virus - Germany , France , Spain and Italy , in particular . The vaccines are on their way ! ! !
Who is the more and her work today .	A vote for me and the Republican Party is a vote for the American Dream ! Over the next four years , we will make America into the Manufacturing Superpower of the World , and we will end our reliance on China once and for all .
I thank you !	The Russia Hoax becomes an even bigger lie !
I thank you !	Biden has vowed to ABOLISH the American oil and natural gas industries , and BAN fracking . As long as I am President , we will remain the number one producer of oil and natural gas on earth – and we will remain Energy Independent !
I thank you !	A vote for Sleepy Joe Biden is a vote to give control of government over to Globalists , Communists , Socialists , and Wealthy Liberal Hypocrites who want to silence , censor , cancel , and punish you . Get out and VOTE #MAGA tomorrow !
My lord ’ s men , call it , and call at her ” and call ’ s call ’ s ”	Well , at least she was happy when I pardoned Scooter Libby . We got a GREAT new Senator from her state , not Liz !
I thank you !	Heading to GRAND RAPIDS , MICHIGAN after a great evening in KENOSHA , WISCONSIN ! Get out and VOTE tomorrow , let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who in the soldier ’ s men ’ s sister !	Our prayers are with the people of Vienna after yet another vile act of terrorism in Europe . These evil attacks against innocent people must stop . The USA stands with Austria , France , and all of Europe in the fight against terrorists , including radical Islamic terrorists .
Who ’ s a ”	THANK YOU MICHIGAN !
Who ’ s a ”	. senatemajldr and Republican Senators have to get tougher , or you won’t have a Republican Party anymore . We won the Presidential Election , by a lot . FIGHT FOR IT . Don’t let them take it away !
Thanks , but they were last night , good night !	Colvio117 Thanks !
My lord , the one of her ’ s a soldier ’ s ’ s have been a very better of her ?	Oh , they do this to me every day . When will they apologize ?
In a most like a praise the soldier in the .	piano807 Wow !
I thank you !	Governor BrianKempGA of Georgia still has not called a Special Session . So easy to do , why is he not doing it ? It will give us the State . MUST ACT NOW !
What think ’ s the world ’ s the sun ’ s office !	Thank you Brad !
From her that to her men ’ s thoughts .	The Secretary of State and Governor of Georgia , both so-called “Republicans” , aren’t allowing Fulton County to go through the vital Voter Signature Verification process . Also , they are not allowing Republican “watchers” to be present and verify ! BrianKempGA
and !	To all of our supporters: thank you from the bottom of my heart . You have been there from the beginning , and I will never let you down . Your hopes are my hopes , your dreams are my dreams , and your future is what I am fighting for every single day !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	THANK YOU to the GREAT men and women of FedEx and UPS for driving through the storms this week to deliver millions of doses of the vaccine across the country . Two Great American Companies !
I do so !	Thank you Paris . Keep up the GREAT work !
Call , her , her ?	Congratulations , the Moderna vaccine is now available !
Call her her again , her her work .	Peter Navarro releases 36-page report alleging election fraud 'more than sufficient' to swing victory to Trump A great report by Peter . Statistically impossible to have lost the 2020 Election . Big protest in D . C . on January 6th . Be there , will be wild !
I thank you !	Thank you Matt !
What ’ s a man !	TheNordicBroad Thank you .
Shall never be another to her !	Join me tomorrow tonight ( Wednesday ) in Iowa , at the Des Moines International Airport !
Call her her “ Call her her again .	VOTE ! VOTE ! VOTE !
Now , the the matter ?	Join me tonight at 7:00pmE in Johnstown , Pennsylvania at the John Murtha Johnstown-Cambria County Airport ! #MAGA
Call her her “ Call her her again , Who ’ s her ” .	This is happening all over the USA Rigged Election ? ? ?
Call her her again , Who ’ s her work .	STIMULUS ! Go big or go home ! ! !
What ’ s a man !	“The Radical Left is trying hard to undermine the Christopher Columbus legacy . A great Italian opened new chapter in history of humanity by discovering the Americas” . OANN Not on my watch !
What doth be with the matter with some matter , which we are of men of think , are they are .	Actually , Tony’s pitching arm is far more accurate than his prognostications . “No problem , no masks” . WHO no longer likes Lockdowns - just came out against . Trump was right . We saved 2 , 000 , 000 USA lives ! ! !
I thank you !	We love the people of Lake Charles , Louisiana . You’ve been hit hard , and often , but your Federal Government is there to help . It will all work out , and FAST ! ! ! fema USArmy
Great office !	GOP raises over 1 Billion Dollars through WINRED since recent founding . November 3rd . The most important Election in the History of our Country ! ! !
The bad , that would have ’ s man , and I ’ s love .	California hired a pure Sleepy Joe Democrat firm to count and “harvest” votes . No way Republicans get a fair shake . Lawyers , get started ! ! ! GOPLeader California is in big trouble . Vote Trump and watch the greatest comeback of them all ! ! ! Also , New York and Illinois - go for it !
What ’ s the more of the matter .	Congratulations Dan . You , Breitbart and others have decimated the business at Drudge . It’s gone the way of the NBA , ratings down 70% . People want the TRUTH ! Drudge Report sold out , suffered a massive “nervous breakdown” . Happening FoxNews also ? ? ?
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you Greg . You got their Hoax right from the beginning !
What ’ s a man !	Thank you , so nice !
Great a man !	Always safe Katie !
My lord is with you , you ’ s love , We love you .	Matt is great . Strong on Military , Vets and our great 2nd Amendment . Has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! ! !
I thank you !	Wow . Our future V . P . So cool !
He would make all our grace , our thoughts !	No thanks !
I thank you .	Scam ! He worked for Sleepy Joe , but never admitted this rather major fact !
They ’ s so in the reason that they have have lost the matter in the matter !	Thank you ! ! !
Faith , a man !	Far too many . His own Chief of Staff said they had “no idea what they were doing” .
I thank you , and great cause !	Thank you !
Good a very fond of her work .	He must create a list , like I did ! Always considered most important Presidential decision . Voter’s entitled to know ! ! ! !
I will be a bed at her again .	Mitt can’t be thrilled about this ! Joe also said yesterday he’s running for the USA Senate ( again ) and totally forgot where he was ( wrong State ! ) . Joe has never been a nice or kind guy , so it’s easier to find this obvious &; rapidly getting worse “dementia” unacceptable for USA !
Call her her “ Call her bed !	. . . . Much of the money we have spent is on our ground game , said to be the best ever put together . I’ll let you know how good it is on November 3rd . Very expensive to do , but opportunity could be BIG ! I will spend additional money if we are not spending enough !
To him to a bed .	I keep reading Fake News stories that my campaign is running low on money . Not true , &; if it were so , I would put up money myself . The fact is that we have much more money than we had 4 years ago , where we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary , and still easily won , 306-223 !
I do so !	Great Florida Rally tonight . Big crowd , lot of enthusiasm ( you win races with enthusiasm ) . Just got back . Tomorrow night it’s off to Pennsylvania and another BIG crowd . We are winning . Economy is starting to boom . Good timing ! ! !
How now the matter ?	WH Physician: Donald Trump Now Testing Negative for Coronavirus via BreitbartNews
The of her men ’ s her ?	Charles Hurt: The Democrats Have Wanted to Destroy the Court for Decades via BreitbartNews VOTE TRUMP !
Go , her not , her her again , ”	READ: Left-wing Radicals Post Online Guide to ‘Disrupting‘ the Country if Election is Close via BreitbartNews . They know it is over for them . Law &; Order will prevail , strong version !
Read the matter !	FLORIDA ! Send in your absentee ballot if you have requested one . In-person Early Voting begins next week—so get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors , and GET OUT AND VOTE ! Need more information ? Go to #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years . Now , he is pushing the most far-left agenda ever put forward by a presidential nominee . . .
The more with her men ’ s bed at the moon .	Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the Supreme Court . He says voters “don’t deserve” to know . If they win , Dems will pack the #SCOTUS w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A , empower violent mobs , and shield deadly criminals &; terrorists .
A “ ’ s a Who ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Joe Biden’s agenda would be a catastrophe for Florida Seniors . For years , Biden tried to cut Social Security and Medicare . Now Biden is pledging mass amnesty and federal healthcare for illegal aliens—decimating Medicare and destroying Social Security . . .
True !	It was great to be back in my home state of FLORIDA to make my official return to the campaign trail . I am energized by your prayers , humbled by your support , and absolutely determined to finish what we started and Make America Greater than Ever Before !
My tale , sir , ’ tis a tale !	Getting ready to land in Florida . BIG CROWD ! Live on various networks: OANN , cspan , newsmax and others ! ! !
What , be well , and now .	. FoxNews allows more negative ads on me than practically all of the other networks combined . Not like the old days , but we will win even bigger than 2016 . Roger Ailes was the GREATEST !
The one of men ’ s love ’ s the matter for the matter , ’ s men ’ s the people ’ s people have been the people have lost of her to her friend of her ?	Biden losing big in Florida . Only Fake Polls show otherwise ! Bad for Healthcare . Thinks he’s running for the Senate . Forgot Mitt Romney’s name , and where he was !
I do with this .	The World Health Organization just admitted that I was right . Lockdowns are killing countries all over the world . The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself . Open up your states , Democrat governors . Open up New York . A long battle , but they finally did the right thing !
Call her her her again .	Republicans should be strongly focused on completing a wonderful stimulus package for the American People !
Who had a my lord ’ s my lord , my lord ’ s lord , my lord ’ s a	Sleepy Joe Biden had a particularly bad day today . He couldn’t remember the name of Mitt Romney , said again he was running for the USA Senate , and forgot what State he was in . If I did any of this , it would be disqualifying . With him , he’s just Sleepy Joe !
Who comes the sun ’ s her ”	He should sue the women , and all of those who illegally worked with them , for false and disgusting accusations ! ! !
Who must be time when thou hast more time must be the time That have been the time must be time to be a time to be time to say ’ s bed , Which that have	Cuomo Dodges on Whether Sending COVID Patients into Nursing Homes Was a Mistake via BreitbartNews . He really blew it . Could have put people in Convention Center or Hospital Ship . Didn’t have a clue ! ! !
A drink ?	Leaving now for Florida Rally . Big crowds !
The matter will we have done .	Viewership for NBA Finals Finale Crash Nearly 70% , Beaten by Random Sunday Night Football Game via BreitbartNews Maybe they were watching in China , but I doubt it . Zero interest !
The at the Great was of her ?	Joe Biden has let the Unions down — always has , always will !
Who ’ s a ”	307 , 000 Veterans Died waiting for Healthcare at the V . A . During Sleepy Joe Biden’s Watch . 800 , 000 Records Stalled ! A complete and total disaster .
Who ’ s a ”	Heading to the Greatest Economy Of All Time ! ! ! VOTE
I will be seen , her news today at her ” .	So Biden is coughing and hacking and playing “fingers” with his mask , all over the place , and the Fake News doesn’t want to even think about discussing it . “Journalism” has reached the all time low in history . Sadly , Lamestream knows this and doesn’t even care !
Great !	Almost nobody showed up to the Sleepy Joe Biden “Rally” in Ohio . The reporting and polls are a Media Con Job - Fake News . We have far more support and enthusiasm than even in 2016 . November 3rd . will be a great day for America ! ! ! #MAGA
But the the way , my lord , on the fashion of the way !	A parade for me in Nigeria , a great honor !
You are very .	. . . Some friendly health advice to Iran: If one American is killed , I will hold Iran responsible . Think it over .
Who should be much of her men ’ s work , and the fast should be much of her men have ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s work .	One of the Trump Administration’s great achievements into the future will be the authorization and start up of the SPACE FORCE . 75 years since Air Force . Congratulations to all !
Who ’ s a ”	Our embassy in Baghdad got hit Sunday by several rockets . Three rockets failed to launch . Guess where they were from: IRAN . Now we hear chatter of additional attacks against Americans in Iraq . . .
Who ’ s a ”	After seeing the massive Voter Fraud in the 2020 Presidential Election , I disagree with anyone that thinks a strong , fast , and fair Special Counsel is not needed , IMMEDIATELY . This was the most corrupt election in the history of our Country , and it must be closely examined !
What , ’ s a bed ’ s bed !	He didn’t win the Election . He lost all 6 Swing States , by a lot . They then dumped hundreds of thousands of votes in each one , and got caught . Now Republican politicians have to fight so that their great victory is not stolen . Don’t be weak fools !
Upon my way to her again , and a place .	. . . . discussing the possibility that it may be China ( it may ! ) . There could also have been a hit on our ridiculous voting machines during the election , which is now obvious that I won big , making it an even more corrupted embarrassment for the USA . DNI_Ratcliffe SecPompeo
So many great people in this great kings .	The Cyber Hack is far greater in the Fake News Media than in actuality . I have been fully briefed and everything is well under control . Russia , Russia , Russia is the priority chant when anything happens because Lamestream is , for mostly financial reasons , petrified of . . . .
So !	Get out &; VOTE ! Under my Administration , our ECONOMY is growing at the fastest rate EVER at 33 . 1% . Next year will be the GREATEST ECONOMIC YEAR in American History ! Find your polling place below .
Good my lord !	WE ARE LOOKING REALLY GOOD ALL OVER THE COUNTRY . THANK YOU !
Why , a born to say ’ s more than it is .	Rush is the GREATEST !
Call her her sister .	We are up BIG , but they are trying to STEAL the Election . We will never let them do it . Votes cannot be cast after the Poles are closed !
So !	Very happy to have helped get WreathsAcross America so beautifully open and operating today . Congratulations to all of those who have worked so hard for this great success !
Who is a little fair her ?	The entire WORLD is being badly hurt by the China Virus , but if you listen to the Fake News Lamestream Media , and Big Tech , you would think that we are the only one . No , but we are the Country that developed vaccines , and years ahead of schedule !
They are the second time from her bed .	More than one million Americans have already received the China Virus Vaccine , a record pace !
I will be in a soldier ’ s one of her .	I will be making a statement tonight . A big WIN !
What ’ s a man !	We are up BIG , but they are trying to STEAL the Election . We will never let them do it . Votes cannot be cast after the Polls are closed !
Who ’ s a ”	We don’t want to have lockdowns . The cure cannot be worse than the problem itself !
I thank you .	At a meeting in Florida today , everyone was asking why aren’t the Republicans up in arms &; fighting over the fact that the Democrats stole the rigged presidential election ? Especially in the Senate , they said , where you helped 8 Senators win their races . How quickly they forget !
Not for ever as much as I have done as I have done .	Maria’s show and ratings are better than ever . They are trying to shame her into not telling the truth . Her audience would be gone , and she is far too smart for that . Rigged Election !
A a woman ’ s a woman !	The lie of the year is that Joe Biden won ! Christina Bobb OANN
Why , a her that ’ s bed of her ' tis now .	Last night I was leading , often solidly , in many key States , in almost all instances Democrat run &; controlled . Then , one by one , they started to magically disappear as surprise ballot dumps were counted . VERY STRANGE , and the “pollsters” got it completely &; historically wrong !
A very a very one .	VOTER FRAUD IS NOT A CONSPIRACY THEORY , IT IS A FACT ! ! !
I do so !	Twitter is going wild with their flags , trying hard to suppress even the truth . Just shows how dangerous they are , purposely stifling free speech . Very dangerous for our Country . Does Congress know that this is how Communism starts ? Cancel Culture at its worst . End Section 230 !
This is a battle ’ s the man , and the man ’ s our men ’ s bed !	How come every time they count Mail-In ballot dumps they are so devastating in their percentage and power of destruction ?
A fool .	WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT ?
The other are to her that the plain and the plain and be , and sir !	I saved at least 8 Republican Senators , including Mitch , from losing in the last Rigged ( for President ) Election . Now they ( almost all ) sit back and watch me fight against a crooked and vicious foe , the Radical Left Democrats . I will NEVER FORGET !
Upon a ho !	MERRY CHRISTMAS !
I thank you !	__Jibz True !
True !	I will be overturning this ridiculous order immediately !
So many other things that comes , and the night calls !	Watch RealPNavarro NOW on the Election Fraud . JesseBWatters FoxNews
All the time to the thousand ducats with the hundred !	Made many calls and had meetings at Trump International in Palm Beach , Florida . Why would politicians not want to give people $2000 , rather than only $600 ? It wasn’t their fault , it was China . Give our people the money !
.	The greatest of all time . Fake News !
Call it on a news of her ” .	They are finding Biden votes all over the place — in Pennsylvania , Wisconsin , and Michigan . So bad for our Country !
With the same in the very man ’ s very many and put on the very of the matter !	They are working hard to make up 500 , 000 vote advantage in Pennsylvania disappear — ASAP . Likewise , Michigan and others !
A man ’ s great men Will ’ s the great men ’ s great a great man !	Going now to make a short speech to service members from all over the world . It is a celebration of Christmas . Video Conference - Fake News not invited !
Let us be , ’ s a thing !	Wow ! It looks like Michigan has now found the ballots necessary to keep a wonderful young man , John James , out of the USA Senate . What a terrible thing is happening !
Why , sir .	As badly as we were treated in Georgia by the “Republican” Governor and “Republican” Secretary of State , we must have a massive victory for two great people , KLoeffler &; sendavidperdue , on January 5th . I will be having a big Rally for them on Monday night , January 4th . WIN !
Good her her ” !	Thank you !
I will be by the morning ’ s of this morning .	We are winning Pennsylvania big , but the PA Secretary of State just announced that there are “Millions of ballots left to be counted . ”
What ’ s a man !	. . . . . there was a large number of secretly dumped ballots as has been widely reported !
Who ’ s a ”	We have claimed , for Electoral Vote purposes , the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ( which won’t allow legal observers ) the State of Georgia , and the State of North Carolina , each one of which has a BIG Trump lead . Additionally , we hereby claim the State of Michigan if , in fact , . . . . .
A very much of her tonight , very low .	What would Bolton , one of the dumbest people in Washington , know ? Wasn’t he the person who so stupidly said , on television , “Libyan solution” , when describing what the USA was going to do for North Korea ? I’ve got plenty of other Bolton “stupid stories” .
Who ’ s a ”	Martial law = Fake News . Just more knowingly bad reporting !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	But we already know enough , and we won big !
Who ’ s a ”	Our lawyers have asked for “meaningful access” , but what good does that do ? The damage has already been done to the integrity of our system , and to the Presidential Election itself . This is what should be discussed !
Will be a one of her again .	Why isn’t Congress giving our people a Stimulus Bill ? It wasn’t their fault , it was the fault of China . GET IT DONE , and give them more money in direct payments .
Call it !	Our $740 defense bill is a gift to China , Russia &; Big Tech . It fails to terminate the internationally dangerous Section 230 , won’t allow us to bring our troops back home ( where they belong ) , renames &; destroys our forts &; National Monuments , &; makes 5G almost impossible !
The time to her that my lord .	Demands Arise for PA Attorney General to ‘Step Aside‘ via BreitbartNews
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	GREATEST ELECTION FRAUD IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY ! ! !
Great to be in her again .	I will not stand by and watch this travesty of a bill happen without reigning in Big Tech . End Section 230 now , before it is too late . So bad for our Country . Show courage , and do what’s right ! ! !
Why , to her again , ’ s a good was .	Detroit Absentee Ballot Counting Chaos , Blocked Windows and Observers via BreitbartNews
A very bad night for a very night !	David is a great guy and patriot . Thank you Lauren !
The men of the people ’ s the people , and the sun ’ s bed and the	STOP THE COUNT !
Who was a a man in her ” He ’ s that he ’ s more than he !	ANY VOTE THAT CAME IN AFTER ELECTION DAY WILL NOT BE COUNTED !
Will be the on the matter tonight .	Fmr NV AG Laxalt: ‘No Question‘ Trump Would Have Won Nevada ‘Convincingly‘ Without Mail-in Voting via BreitbartNews
What ’ s a man ?	Jobless Claims Dip to 751 , 000 , Lowest Since March via BreitbartNews
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I simply wan to get our great people $2000 , rather than $600 . Also , Congress should cut the “pork” .
Great her , sir , you ’ s the thank you !	Cute !
I thank you !	If a Democrat Presidential Candidate had an Election Rigged &; Stolen , with proof of such acts at a level never seen before , the Democrat Senators would consider it an act of war , and fight to the death . Mitch &; the Republicans do NOTHING , just want to let it pass . NO FIGHT !
What , this be but this .	Big legal win in Pennsylvania !
Our lady ’ s a lady that she is .	All of the recent Biden claimed States will be legally challenged by us for Voter Fraud and State Election Fraud . Plenty of proof - just check out the Media . WE WILL WIN ! America First !
What a great a great men ’ s great a great a great men , ’ s great a great a great a great a great a great men ’ s great a great bed !	The “Justice” Department and the FBI have done nothing about the 2020 Presidential Election Voter Fraud , the biggest SCAM in our nation’s history , despite overwhelming evidence . They should be ashamed . History will remember . Never give up . See everyone in D . C . on January 6th .
A true men ’ s her !	STOP THE FRAUD !
He is with you ?	I simply want to get out great people $2000 , rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill . Also , stop the billions of dollars in “pork” .
The matter is his bed , being his chamber !	Shopgirlusa . Good idea .
Now , a very very well , was it ?	Where the hell is the Durham Report ? They spied on my campaign , colluded with Russia ( and others ) , and got caught . Read the Horowitz Reports about Comey &; McCabe . Even the Fake News nytimes said “bad” . They tried it all , and failed , so now they are trying to steal the election !
.	News Conference at 6:30 P . M .
Will he be !	The USA Supreme Court has been totally incompetent and weak on the massive Election Fraud that took place in the 2020 Presidential Election . We have absolute PROOF , but they don’t want to see it - No “standing” , they say . If we have corrupt elections , we have no country !
What ’ s a man !	Wow !
It is a man !	A young military man working in Afghanistan told me that elections in Afghanistan are far more secure and much better run than the USA’s 2020 Election . Ours , with its millions and millions of corrupt Mail-In Ballots , was the election of a third world country . Fake President !
I ’ ll be a one of a thousand ' s one of a one ’ s one of a more than a one of a one of her ”	mandielaurin Good !
Why , a more than the matter .	I simply want to get our great people $2000 , rather than the measly $600 that is now in the bill . Also , stop the billions of dollars in “pork” .
I am a great great praise !	So now the Democrats are working to gain control of the USA Senate through their actions on John James , David Perdue , and more . Would End the Filibuster , “Life” , 2A , and would Pack and Rotate the Court . Presidency becomes even more important . We will win !
But , a English in the news of the news , sir , come , come , and look you .	I easily WIN the Presidency of the United States with LEGAL VOTES CAST . The OBSERVERS were not allowed , in any way , shape , or form , to do their job and therefore , votes accepted during this period must be determined to be ILLEGAL VOTES . USA Supreme Court should decide !
Great was a soldier ’ s soldier !	Twitter is out of control , made possible through the government gift of Section 230 !
Great !	Thank you Mark . Big numbers found in Arizona . We must win for our Country !
So I do !	The lockdowns in Democrat run states are absolutely ruining the lives of so many people - Far more than the damage that would be caused by the China Virus . Cases in California have risen despite the lockdown , yet Florida &; others are open &; doing well . Common sense please !
Who ’ s a ”	“Philadelpiha has got a rotten history on election integrity . ” Varneyco FoxBusiness
What is this ?	. . . . has been able to render decisions in a matter of days . ” Ken Starr , former Independent Counsel Varneyco
.	. . . . hopefully this will be corrected at the Supreme Court of the United States . Also , these late ballots past Election Day are illegal , exactly what the President has been saying . The Supreme Court , in extraordinary circumstances , . . .
Call it on a news of her ” .	. . . . Legislature . They just ignored that , ignored the Constitution . Now we bring it down to the counting houses , and outrageously , observers , who are the sentinels of integrity &; transparency , were excluded . Pennsylvania has conducted itself in a horrible lawless way , and . . . .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	moogoo3544 Thanks .
Come , ho !	$2000 + $2000 plus other family members . Not $600 . Remember , it was China’s fault !
Why , that they have her that they do believe it !	With the attack by the Radical Left Dems on the Republican Senate , the Presidency becomes even more important !
Well , I thank you , her that I love ’ s love !	Michigan AG Dana Nessel Pursues Sanctions Against Lawyers Questioning Election via BreitbartNews These lawyers are true patriots who are fighting for the truth and , obviously , getting very close . AG should be sanctioned . Fight on !
Great was a office .	Where are the missing military ballots in Georgia ? What happened to them ?
Who ’ s a ”	Speaking for America !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Joe Biden should not wrongfully claim the office of the President . I could make that claim also . Legal proceedings are just now beginning !
I thank you !	Increase payments to the people , get rid of the “pork” .
I thank you !	Big news coming out of Pennsylvania . Very big illegal ballot drop that cannot be accounted for . Rigged Election !
Welcome again !	I had such a big lead in all of these states late into election night , only to see the leads miraculously disappear as the days went by . Perhaps these leads will return as our legal proceedings move forward !
What ’ s a bed !	ridetheory Horses went up also !
I thank you for the great men of the last night !	A must see !
I thank you .	. . . . sendavidperdue will not be able to win on January 5th . unless these people allow Signature Verification in presidential race . K &; D need it for their race also , &; Georgia spirit will rise to such a high that they will easily bring home a great victory . Move fast BrianKempGA
Do you be the people have the people like her ?	“We need an explanation as to how these numbers have been running up for the last two or three days . ” Matthew Whitaker . EveningEdit
Come , how fast , and how fast , and how fast , and the fast , and all are with the haste .	LynnFiorenzano Thanks Lynn !
What ’ s a ”	Incredibly stated Jim !
.	SecurityLecture That is not the reason .
Who in a ”	On behalf of two GREAT Senators , sendavidperdue &; KLoeffler , I will be going to Georgia on Monday night , January 4th . , to have a big and wonderful RALLY . So important for our Country that they win !
Call .	See you in Washington , DC , on January 6th . Don’t miss it . Information to follow !
The matter !	Good news on Covid Relief Bill . Information to follow !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . Republicans in Wisconsin should take these 3 strong decisions to their State Legislators and overturn this ridiculous State Election . We won in a LANDSLIDE !
The foul of her ” ’ s a work against her ”	Seame_huntin EST
What , you make a work of her true , and why , why , ’ tis a true .	Distribution of both vaccines is going very smoothly . Amazing how many people are being vaccinated , record numbers . Our Country , and indeed the World , will soon see the great miracle of what the Trump Administration has accomplished . They said it couldn’t be done ! ! !
Call it out of her voice and more than your voice .	“The President was responsible for those direct payments to Americans in the Covid-19 Relief Bill . ” kilmeade foxandfriends And the Moderna vaccine has already started rolling out . Very smooth distribution !
This place in the place that ’ s coming , and a cold of a cold .	THE DEMOCRATS DUMPED HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF BALLOTS IN THE SWING STATES LATE IN THE EVENING . IT WAS A RIGGED ELECTION ! ! !
Come at a bed .	Time for Republican Senators to step up and fight for the Presidency , like the Democrats would do if they had actually won . The proof is irrefutable ! Massive late night mail-in ballot drops in swing states , stuffing the ballot boxes ( on video ) , double voters , dead voters ,
I thank you , how ’ s friend , Is ’ s a thing !	. . . . fake signatures , illegal immigrant voters , banned Republican vote watchers , MORE VOTES THAN ACTUAL VOTERS ( check out Detroit &; Philadelphia ) , and much more . The numbers are far greater than what is necessary to win the individual swing states , and cannot even be contested . . . .
Call it on a news of her ” .	Republicans in the Senate so quickly forget . Right now they would be down 8 seats without my backing them in the last Election . RINO John Thune , “Mitch’s boy” , should just let it play out . South Dakota doesn’t like weakness . He will be primaried in 2022 , political career over ! ! !
I ’ ll be a man .	. . . . Bad things took place during those hours where LEGAL TRANSPARENCY was viciously &; crudely not allowed . Tractors blocked doors &; windows were covered with thick cardboard so that observers could not see into the count rooms . BAD THINGS HAPPENED INSIDE . BIG CHANGES TOOK PLACE !
Why , the base of him .	. . . . This would ALSO change the Election result in numerous States , including Pennsylvania , which everyone thought was easily won on Election Night , only to see a massive lead disappear , without anyone being allowed to OBSERVE , for long intervals of time , what the happened . . .
A streets , When they are a streets .	People were screaming STOP THE COUNT &; WE DEMAND TRANSPARENCY ( As Legal Observers were refused admittance to count rooms ) !
True !	Lawyers Press Conference at Four Seasons , Philadelphia . 11:00 A . M .
Who in the sister in his sister , in all .	“Breaking News: In Pennsylvania there were 205 , 000 more votes than there were voters . This alone flips the state to President Trump . ”
It was of your own .	“NewtGingrich Pens Op-Ed on Election Saying he will not Accept Joe Biden as President” OANN Newt Gingrich gets it , we are going to WIN !
What ’ s the people will make our state of nature !	Four Season’s Landscaping !
A “ a ” a her ” ’ s her ’ s bed !	Statement by Donald J . Trump , The President of the United States Full Video:
I am , and a fair service to her service .	Big press conference today in Philadelphia at Four Seasons Total Landscaping — 11:30am !
A a one of her say .	Lawyer’s Press Conference at Four Season’s Landscaping , Philadelphia . Enjoy !
How most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most of my lord ?	Governor BrianKempGA and his puppet GeoffDuncanGA , together with the Secretary of State of Georgia , are very slow on Signature Verification , and won’t allow Fulton County to be examined . What are these RINOS hiding ? We will easily win Presidential State race . KLoeffler and . . . .
Look you on a bed .	They are slow walking the signature verification in Georgia . They don’t want results to get out prior to January 6th . They know what they are trying so hard to hide . Terrible people ! BrianKempGA
I thank you !	Georgia Counties Using Same Software as Michigan Counties Also Encounter ‘Glitch’ via BreitbartNews What a total mess this “election” has been !
The matter and not that he is the matter .	I WON THIS ELECTION , BY A LOT !
I come , if you come to be sent to come again !	. . . . Courts are bad , the FBI and “Justice” didn’t do their job , and the United States Election System looks like that of a third world country . Freedom of the press has been gone for a long time , it is Fake News , and now we have Big Tech ( with Section 230 ) to deal with . . . .
What ’ s a man !	. . . . But when it is all over , and this period of time becomes just another ugly chapter in our Country’s history , WE WILL WIN ! ! !
A wisdom of wisdom .	THE OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED INTO THE COUNTING ROOMS . I WON THE ELECTION , GOT 71 , 000 , 000 LEGAL VOTES . BAD THINGS HAPPENED WHICH OUR OBSERVERS WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SEE . NEVER HAPPENED BEFORE . MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WERE SENT TO PEOPLE WHO NEVER ASKED FOR THEM !
I thank you !	71 , 000 , 000 Legal Votes . The most EVER for a sitting President !
Will you come to her that will come to the suit of the suit of the matter !	“Conservatives Call on State Legislators to Appoint New Electors , in Accordance with the Constitution”
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	. . . and Detroit with a long series of election problems ( to put it mildly ) . ” JonathanTurley
So great our see the great cause to be welcome again !	. . . . how these ballots were authenticated , because if there’s a problem in the system about authentication , that would seriously affect the ENTIRE ELECTION - And what concerns me is that we had over a hundred million mail-in ballot in cites like Philladelphia . . .
Call .	. . . . Supreme Court Justice to compel them to separate ballots that were received after the legislative deadline . It required the intervention of Justice Alito . That’s a large group of ballots . When you talk about systemic problems , it’s about . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more !	“We should look at the votes . We’re just beginning the tabulation stage . We should look at these allegations . We’re seeing a number of affidavits that there has been voter fraud . We have a history in this country of election problems . In Pennsylvania you had an order by a . . .
One from the from the bed of her that .	. . . . Where it mattered , they stole what they had to steal . newtgingrich
I thank you !	“We believe these people are thieves . The big city machines are corrupt . This was a stolen election . Best pollster in Britain wrote this morning that this clearly was a stolen election , that it’s impossible to imagine that Biden outran Obama in some of these states .
Who ’ s a ”	Since when does the Lamestream Media call who our next president will be ? We have all learned a lot in the last two weeks !
We love a ?	Give the people $2000 , not $600 . They have suffered enough !
I thank you !	“This is what we know . We have to go back to the state level and how this morass came to be in the first instance . The Governor , Wolf , and the State Supreme Court , flagrantly violated the Constitution of the USA The power to set these rules and regulations is vested in the
True !	Investigators Dispatched After Fulton County Discovers ‘Issue‘ with Ballot Reporting via BreitbartNews
Great old , great people !	. . . WOW , he just voted against me in a Big Court Decision on voter fraud ( of which there was much ! ) , despite many pages of dissent from three highly respected Justices . One thing has nothing to do with another , but we ended up losing 4-3 in a really incorrect ruling ! Great . . .
Who ’ s a ”	Two years ago , the great people of Wisconsin asked me to endorse a man named Brian Hagedorn for State Supreme Court Justice , when he was getting destroyed in the Polls against a tough Democrat Candidate who had no chance of losing . After my endorsement , Hagedorn easily won ! . . .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	Watch marklevinshow at 8:00 P . M . Will discuss the Mail-In Ballot Hoax !
I ’ ll be a Cassio .	""shmopniggadick: realDonaldTrump has got my vote""
God God ’ s a bed !	Weak and tired Republican “leadership” will allow the bad Defense Bill to pass . Say goodbye to VITAL Section 230 termination , your National Monuments , Forts ( names ! ) and Treasures ( inserted by Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren ) , 5G , and our great soldiers . . . .
What is a man !	. . . . being removed and brought home from foreign lands who do NOTHING for us . A disgraceful act of cowardice and total submission by weak people to Big Tech . Negotiate a better Bill , or get better leaders , NOW ! Senate should not approve NDAA until fixed ! ! !
Call it on a news of her ” .	$2000 for our great people , not $600 ! They have suffered enough from the China Virus ! ! !
Who ’ s a ”	#TrumpAdvice
Call , her a ” !	. . . . and Congressmen/Congresswomen Elected . I do believe they forgot !
Shall I never change !	. . . . Can you imagine if the Republicans stole a Presidential Election from the Democrats - All hell would break out . Republican leadership only wants the path of least resistance . Our leaders ( not me , of course ! ) are pathetic . They only know how to lose ! P . S . I got MANY Senators . .
The fault of the fault , a fault by the fault !	. . . more votes than is needed by me to win Pennsylvania , not to mention hundreds of thousands of votes in other categories which increase my already big lead into a landslide . All other Swing States show likewise . WE NEED NEW &; ENERGETIC REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP . This can not stand . .
What is a man !	“A group of Republican lawmakers in Pennsylvania say 200 , 000 more votes were counted in the 2020 Election than voters ( 100% went to Biden ) . State Representative Frank Ryan said they found troubling discrepancies after an analysis of Election Day data . ” FoxNews This is far . . . .
I thank you , very very well .	Unless Republicans have a death wish , and it is also the right thing to do , they must approve the $2000 payments ASAP . $600 IS NOT ENOUGH ! Also , get rid of Section 230 - Don’t let Big Tech steal our Country , and don’t let the Democrats steal the Presidential Election . Get tough !
To the one that ’ s her that I am going to her York !	STOCK MARKET UP BIG , VACCINE COMING SOON . REPORT 90% EFFECTIVE . SUCH GREAT NEWS !
Why , you thank you .	Loeffler , Perdue Support Increasing Relief Payments to $2K via BreitbartNews . Republicans must support the $2000 payments and must FIGHT the crooked presidential election . We won big !
The love that !	It is up to the States to distribute the vaccines once brought to the designated areas by the Federal Government . We have not only developed the vaccines , including putting up money to move the process along quickly , but gotten them to the states . Biden failed with Swine Flu !
Who hath my men and her work .	When are we going to be allowed to do signature verification in Fulton County , Georgia ? The process is going VERY slowly . BrianKempGA Pennsylvania just found 205 , 000 votes more than they had voters . Therefore , we WIN Pennsylvania ! ! !
Call her her “ Call her her ” ”	Blake Moore ( ElectBlakeMoore ) will be a Great Congressman for Utah ! He is Strong on Jobs &; the Economy , Healthcare , our Military &; Vets , and your Second Amendment . Blake has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #UT01
This is a great knight , a thing , I must read !	Dr . Mariannette Miller-Meeks ( MillerMeeks ) will do a great job in Congress for Iowa ! A Doctor and Veteran , she will Deliver Great Health Care , Defend Life , and Protect your Second Amendment . Mariannette has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IA02
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	. . . Chris will do a GREAT job ! Mark Esper has been terminated . I would like to thank him for his service .
If the matter be in our pains is in the pains !	I am pleased to announce that Christopher C . Miller , the highly respected Director of the National Counterterrorism Center ( unanimously confirmed by the Senate ) , will be Acting Secretary of Defense , effective immediately . .
Who ’ s a ”	""bunnypiper: realDonaldTrump right on ! ! ""
I thank you to her ?	. . . The consent decree signed by the “Secretary” , with the consent of Kemp , is perhaps even more poorly negotiated than the deal that John Kerry made with Iran . Now it turns out that Brad R’s brother works for China , and they definitely don’t want “Trump” . So disgusting ! #MAGA
Good !	I love the Great State of Georgia , but the people who run it , from the Governor , BrianKempGA , to the Secretary of State , are a complete disaster and don’t have a clue , or worse . Nobody can be this stupid . Just allow us to find the crime , and turn the state Republican . . . .
Great news !	. . . . other acts of fraud and irregularities as well . STAY TUNED !
We have the day , Who , her that the day , in the most often done .	. . . . that , quite frankly , didn’t have much of a chance , like 7 , 8 or 9 . The Presidential Election was Rigged with hundreds of thousands of ballots mysteriously flowing into Swing States very late at night as everyone thought the election was easily won by me . There were many . . . .
The next of the next of her ” ’ s her ”	The Wall Street Journal’s very boring &; incoherent Editorial fails to mention my big &; easy wins in Texas , Florida , Ohio , Iowa &; many other states that the WSJ &; other joke polls said I would lose . Also , they fail to mention the fact that I got many Republican Senators elected . .
Who ’ s a	New Lott study estimates 11 , 350 absentee votes lost to Trump in Georgia . Another 289 , 000 "excess ( fraudulent ) votes" across GA , AZ , MI , NV , PA , and WI . Check it out ! ➡️
Who ’ s a ”	“Barack Obama was toppled from the top spot and President Trump claimed the title of the year’s Most Admired Man . Trump number one , Obama number two , and Joe Biden a very distant number three . That’s also rather odd given the fact that on November 3rd , Biden allegedly racked up
I thank you , ’ s a ”	. . . millions more votes than Trump , but can’t get anywhere close to him in this poll . No incoming president has ever done as badly in this annual survey . ” MarkSteynOnline TuckerCarlson That’s because he got millions of Fake Votes in the 2020 Election , which was RIGGED !
I thank you to her that ’ s a work .	#TrumpVlog Obama should be ashamed !
Call her her again then and her again !	The Federal Government has distributed the vaccines to the states . Now it is up to the states to administer . Get moving !
The a ducats is a ducats !	$2000 ASAP !
Call it , her that ’ s a ” A times the thing .	Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast . Check it out . OANN newsmax and many more . BrianKempGA should resign from office . He is an obstructionist who refuses to admit that we won Georgia , BIG ! Also won the other Swing States .
I thank you !	Hearings from Atlanta on the Georgia Election overturn now being broadcast LIVE via RSBNetwork !
I thank you to the great men ’ s never will be the great you will never .	Thank you , a great honor !
The same be never will be so , but it , that true .	Twitter is shadow banning like never before . A disgrace that our weak and ineffective political leadership refuses to do anything about Big Tech . They’re either afraid or stupid , nobody really knows !
I ’ s a man ’ s my lord , And on him or on a ring !	JANUARY SIXTH , SEE YOU IN DC !
Who , ’ s a ” for the matter ’ s one ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s one of a work .	The United States had more votes than it had people voting , by a lot . This travesty cannot be allowed to stand . It was a Rigged Election , one not even fit for third world countries !
The second ’ s second reason and call her chamber here ’ s the matter and he ’ s chamber and he is far and he is far and call ’ s bed and he is here ’ s work is here ’ s work is coming on a	Watching FoxNews is almost as bad as watching Fake News CNN . New alternatives are developing !
I thank you !	. BrianKempGA , his puppet Lt . Governor GeoffDuncanGA , and Secretary of State , are disasters for Georgia . Won’t let professionals get anywhere near Fulton County for signature verifications , or anything else . They are virtually controlled by staceyabrams &; the Democrats . Fools !
Who is now not that ’ s a fault hath made a fault ”	We now have far more votes than needed to flip Georgia in the Presidential race . Massive VOTER FRAUD took place . Thank you to the Georgia Legislature for today’s revealing meeting !
Good my lord !	Finished off the year with the highest Stock Market in history . Setting records with your 401k’s , just like I said you would . Congratulations to all !
The more of her .	Sen . Josh Hawley Slams Walmart Tweet Calling Him a ‘Sore Loser‘ via BreitbartNews America is proud of Josh and the many others who are joining him . The USA cannot have fraudulent elections !
Our lady !	HAPPY NEW YEAR !
Why , and be no more ’ s man ’ s a little and be by the matter for the matter of her ”	I hope to see the great Governor of South Dakota KristiNoem , run against RINO SenJohnThune , in the upcoming 2022 Primary . She would do a fantastic job in the USA Senate , but if not Kristi , others are already lining up . South Dakota wants strong leadership , NOW !
My lord !	The BIG Protest Rally in Washington , D . C . , will take place at 11 . 00 A . M . on January 6th . Locational details to follow . StopTheSteal !
.	The BIG Protest Rally in Washington , D . C . , will take place at 11 . 00 A . M . on January 6th . Locational details to follow . StopTheSteal !
Who in a ” ’ s a ”	Massive amounts of evidence will be presented on the 6th . We won , BIG !
Give me a man !	NOW !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	A great honor !
More , sir , this time from this last , And the last of the last .	SECURE THE BORDER ! BUILD A WALL !
Let ’ s a bed more than the people ’ s bed !	""NicolasTetrault: realDonaldTrump I agree 100%""
I thank you !	. FoxNews Weekend Daytime is not watchable . Switching over to OANN !
I ’ s a man !	Our Republican Senate just missed the opportunity to get rid of Section 230 , which gives unlimited power to Big Tech companies . Pathetic ! ! ! Now they want to give people ravaged by the China Virus $600 , rather than the $2000 which they so desperately need . Not fair , or smart !
Who hath my lord and her men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter and the matter .	January 6th . See you in D . C .
Call her her again !	Republicans should have gotten rid of Section 230 in the Defense Bill , and you wouldn’t have had this problem . Never learn ! ! !
A men of her men , Will work in her men ’ s work .	Thank you Madison !
He is the players the house of our French . ”	Herschel is speaking the truth !
Upon my way , I see you now !	Only because Biden got very few votes , just like the Election !
That I thank you .	Because of the Trump Administration , hospitals are now required , effective immediately , to publish their REAL PRICES , which will create competition and drive downs costs MASSIVELY . Won lawsuit last week . Bigger than healthcare , it’s called PRICE TRANSPARENCY . . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	. . . . Please remember who got it done ! ! !
I thank you !	Some States are very slow to inoculate recipients despite successful and very large scale distribution of vaccines by the Federal Government . They will get it done !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Before even discussing the massive corruption which took place in the 2020 Election , which gives us far more votes than is necessary to win all of the Swing States ( only need three ) , it must be noted that the State Legislatures were not in any way responsible for the massive . . . .
I am not , not , that ’ s her !	. . . . is therefore both illegal and invalid , and that would include the two current Senatorial Elections . In Wisconsin , Voters not asking for applications invalidates the Election . All of this without even discussing the millions of fraudulent votes that were cast or altered !
True !	. . . . changes made to the voting process , rules and regulations , many made hastily before the election , and therefore the whole State Election is not legal or Constitutional . Additionally , the Georgia Consent Decree is Unconstitutional &; the State 2020 Presidential Election . . . .
Why , this is this !	For historical purposes remember , I was able to get rid of the INDIVIDUAL MANDATE , the most unpopular and expensive part of ObamaCare . You are no longer forced to pay a fortune for the “privilege” of NOT getting bad healthcare . This ended ObamaCare as we knew it . Thank you !
Who ’ s a ”	TRANSPARENCY in medical pricing will be one of the biggest and most important things done for the American citizen . It was just put into service , January 1 , against long odds and bitter opposition . Final lawsuits won last week . Enjoy all the extra money you will have !
Remember , will be the matter at the matter !	Will be in Georgia on Monday night , 9:00 P . M . to RALLY for two GREAT people , sendavidperdue &; KLoeffler . GET READY TO VOTE ON TUESDAY ! ! !
What ’ s a man !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
.	. . . . Just a small portion of these votes give US a big and conclusive win in Georgia . Have they illegally destroyed ballots in Fulton County ? After many weeks , we don’t yet even have a judge to hear this large scale voter fraud case . The only judge seems to be Stacey’s sister !
I thank you !	Why haven’t they done signature verification in Fulton County , Georgia . Why haven’t they deducted all of the dead people who “voted” , illegals who voted , non Georgia residents who voted , and tens of thousands of others who voted illegally , from the final vote tally ?
To the way to the sight , — — And he ’ s the way to the way to the way of the way , and the time of her .	Civil War: Tucker Carlson Hits His Own Network in Epic Post-Election Monologue
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ” ” ”	. senatemajldr Mitch M , and all !
I thank you !	Wow , I guess it’s not good to go against a President who everyone in Georgia knows got you into office !
This night is a thing ?	. . . And after they see the facts , plenty more to come . . . Our Country will love them for it ! #StopTheSteal
He cannot pass , He should be a full of a man !	Tea Party takes down Eric Cantor - REALLY BIG WIN !
Who is the Great ?	An attempt to steal a landslide win . Can’t let it happen !
He looks !	So true . Thanks Josh !
.	""DavidHyre: realDonaldTrump Donald please run""
I must read , a good ducats .	GOP Senators Join Hawley in Objecting to Electoral College Votes via BreitbartNews
I thank you .	The vaccines are being delivered to the states by the Federal Government far faster than they can be administered !
I thank you !	The number of cases and deaths of the China Virus is far exaggerated in the United States because of CDCgov’s ridiculous method of determination compared to other countries , many of whom report , purposely , very inaccurately and low . “When in doubt , call it Covid . ” Fake News !
From the matter to the people ’ s bed Will be .	Republicans in Georgia must be careful of the political corruption in Fulton County , which is rampant . The Governor , BrianKempGA , and his puppet Lt . Governor , GeoffDuncanGA , have done less than nothing . They are a disgrace to the great people of Georgia !
.	I spoke to Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger yesterday about Fulton County and voter fraud in Georgia . He was unwilling , or unable , to answer questions such as the “ballots under table” scam , ballot destruction , out of state “voters” , dead voters , and more . He has no clue !
What ’ s her ” Come the men Will we have ’ s her ” We ’ s men ’ s her ”	“Georgia election data , just revealed , shows that over 17 , 000 votes illegally flipped from Trump to Biden . ” OANN This alone ( there are many other irregularities ) is enough to easily “swing Georgia to Trump” . #StopTheSteal HawleyMO SenTedCruz Jim_Jordan
He ’ s , a man !	Something how Dr . Fauci is revered by the LameStream Media as such a great professional , having done , they say , such an incredible job , yet he works for me and the Trump Administration , and I am in no way given any credit for my work . Gee , could this just be more Fake News ?
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ”	Great !
So , so !	I will be there . Historic day !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Trump Speaks to State Legislators on Call About Decertifying Election via BreitbartNews
The world is at the world ’ s enemy .	. . . . SenTedCruz HawleyMO Jim_Jordan senatemajldr GOPLeader &; THE WORLD !
Yet she is the people in the breath in the very bad of bad .	The Swing States did not even come close to following the dictates of their State Legislatures . These States “election laws” were made up by local judges &; politicians , not by their Legislatures , &; are therefore , before even getting to irregularities &; fraud , UNCONSTITUTIONAL !
Why !	Sorry , but the number of votes in the Swing States that we are talking about is VERY LARGE and totally OUTCOME DETERMINATIVE ! Only the Democrats and some RINO’S would dare dispute this - even though they know it is true !
The men know the men will be lost fear .	loveandgarbage Never said it , a total misquote .
The house of the fault of her ?	dualheadedeagle True and thanks !
Call it no more of her .	. donlemon on CNN at 10:00 P . M .
What , be a goodly things to the matter ?	Mark--They could use you .
So , let us be so , let that we be .	True !
A more than I ’ s a man !	""TheConnieMoore: realDonaldTrump see u Sat in GA ! ! "" Great !
A that win the men of her that would be the chain !	Thank you AmSpec
.	Response to Hillary Clinton-
So many his one !	Will do , thanks .
A one !	Thank you .
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you .
The of the people ’ s her that now .	""enzotorin realDonaldTrump Trump is the man #Trump2016""
I will be your bed of her ' s bed !	#TrumpAdvice
I thank you !	Let's go ! #CelebApprentice
Will be strange for our reason !	. JuddApatow I agree !
I thank you .	Just met with General Petraeus--was very impressed !
What ’ s a man !	Just landed in Iowa - speaking soon !
If this had they , that would speak of this .	It is time to #DrainTheSwamp !
Who for a brave one , and great brave a brave a man !	Thank you ! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
This will be a day and her that ’ s bed and the matter .	Will be on foxandfriends at 7:02 A . M . Enjoy .
I ’ ll be a bed .	#ImWithYou
.	Mexico will pay for the wall !
All the very of the very of a very bad of bad of great good Shall .	#AmericaFirst #RNCinCLE
I thank you .	#FlashbackFriday #CrookedHillary
What ’ s a man !	Thanks Dave !
I thank you !	Thanks !
Not but a good but that is it .	Endorsements for Lyin' Ted Cruz-
He should be by her that .	Landing in Phoenix now . Tomorrow's events will be amazing ! #Trump2016
I thank you .	Great news ! Thank you Governor Ralph DLG Torres ! #Trump2016
My lord of her ?	Thank you Michigan ! #Trump2016
What never had no what ’ s never will , and never will .	#CaucusForTrump #Trump2016
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Why , that you have the more in her — And thank you !	Watch AC360 on NOW ! CNN
Will be a one of her tonight .	Should I do the #GOPdebate ?
Who ’ s a ”	#HappyNewYearAmerica !
.	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The heavy , and heavy , but the heavy , but the matter !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
What ’ s great a great a great matter !	Thank you Rand !
The time of her time !	Thank you LuisRiveraMarin !
A man ’ s a fellow is the better in the better of wit !	Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington , Virginia . ➡️
The time will be full of his lives !	Thank you Nicole !
Who is a one of her are are all the night in the night , and a soldier ’ s one of her men ’ s a thousand men of her are all the night , are all the night in the night .	USA Stock Market up almost 20% since Election !
.	Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on FoxNews .
I thank you !	Great night in Iowa - special people . Thank you !
Great !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
.	My daughter , Ivanka , will be on foxandfriends tomorrow morning . Enjoy !
What ’ s a man !	#WeeklyAddress
.	The Fake Media is working overtime today !
A great men against our people !	Thank you Lake Worth , Florida . foxandfriends
Who ’ s a ”	Congratulations to foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike .
.	Weekly Address-
Never for , they are coming , for the time I am for the matter .	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
We will will come to her , and rather than time !	'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule'
A three thousand times .	Merry Christmas !
What ’ s a man !	WITCH HUNT !
A most excellent knight .	China talks are going very well !
I will be not you , let ’ s down !	AMERICA FIRST !
What ’ s a bed .	POLLING LOCATIONS:
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you nycemergencymgt !
What would take the work of her from our great work .	Gina is Great !
Why was the the th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Great !	#StopTheBias
I have brought her again .	Really big jobs meeting today at the White House ! 3 P . M .
I thank you , my friend , loves !	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
Who ’ s a ”	A complete Witch Hunt !
What ’ s a ”	WITCH HUNT !
So , so !	We will see what happens !
Good my lord , to her ” !	So true , thank you !
Who ’ s a ”	So true Wayne , and Lowest black unemployment in history !
What ’ ll be here .	“House Democrats perpetrating a fraud on America . ” IngrahamAngle
What ’ s a man !	WITCH HUNT !
Speak !	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
Great a man !	KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
What ’ s a ”	Where’s the Fake Whistleblower ?
What fellow .	HAPPY VETERANS DAY !
I thank you !	True !
Look , the law of her never can her .	We will win big !
I thank you !	Thank you Steve !
What ’ s a man !	See you there !
Who ’ s a ”	Adam should be Impeached !
I will be but by her bed .	Great book !
What ’ s No , I had rather , ’ s rather , ’ s rather have you , Which , I had a more against you , would be no more .	Too bad !
What ’ s a man !	KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
Who ’ s a ”	Great job Thom !
Who ’ s a ”	Nobody works harder or smarter than Joni !
Will be a one of her tonight .	Sad !
What ’ s a man !	Looking forward to my meeting at 2:00 P . M . with wonderful Inner City Pastors !
In a little .	Thank you MarkLevinShow !
Look in the now on her ?	KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
Who in the quarrel of the fault and great people ’ s great people !	Thank you ! #MAGA2020
Faith , sir , to her friends , and your house !	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
Good my lord , a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of his part ,	DRAIN THE SWAMP !
.	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
There must be a man .	Thanks Rush ! FoxNews
Upon my way to the fashion of her .	THANK YOU Texas , I love you !
Call her !	Making Daylight Saving Time permanent is O . K . with me !
What a great great letters and a streets , like a streets .	Great analysis by foxandfriends !
What and weep , If it be , ’ tis will we will .	AMERICA FIRST !
As the change that a change that a man !	Thank you David !
We am them up , the last night .	. . . . The Fake News Media in our Country is the real Opposition Party . It is truly the Enemy of the People ! We must bring honesty back to journalism and reporting !
Who ’ s a more of her ' tis more than the matter !	. . . The Fake News will knowingly lie and demean in order make the tremendous success of the Trump Administration , and me , look as bad as possible . They use non-existent sources & , write stories that are total fiction . Our Country is doing so well , yet this is a sad day in America !
For the other but for our souls .	“Job growth surges by 312 , 000 in December”
Will go down in a worst that ’ s eyes , ’ s once , ’ s ’ s once , as the worst !	. . . . very often FAKE NEWS . Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources , very much as they did in the long ago past . If they did that , the media would be trusted again , and Fake News would largely be a thing if the past !
I thank you !	Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown . They reduced to 0 . 5% , a record low . Other countries are doing the same thing , if not more so . Our Federal Reserve has us . . . .
I thank you !	Such a great , common sense , question . Crazy !
I thank you !	Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances . Also , as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a chocker !
Why , a much by a thing !	Wonderful account of USA Embassy ( Iraq ) vs . the Bengahzi disaster !
What a great great men and do ’ s a office and it is , and a great general .	175 , 000 ticket requests . Keep America Great !
Great ’ s a soldier .	RussVought45 MarkMeadows USTreasury
Why !	Thank you !
The more the one of her that ’ s more more more than the more than the more than the more than the more than the more than the more of her ”	“Trump recognized Russian Meddling MANY TIMES . ”
.	RT twytter14: tashlutsa realDonaldTrump CLewandowski_ Winning ! ! ! !
What ’ s a man !	. . . . of gang members , in particular MS-13 . Ice and Border Patrol are doing a great job !
Call the March in the ides of March !	RT seanhannity: Adam Schiff , Glenn Simpson and their Forrest Gump-like encounter in Aspen
A Great a man !	RT seanhannity:
Will lead not not !	RT seanhannity: TRUMP: “Not only did Senator Burr’s Committee find No Collusion by the Trump Campaign and Russia , it’s important because t . . .
And news !	RT realDonaldTrump: #SOTU
These are no more that have nothing to be with him .	With Caravans marching through Mexico and toward our Country , Republicans must be prepared to do whatever is necessary for STRONG Border Security . Dems do nothing . If there is no Wall , there is no Security . Human Trafficking , Drugs and Criminals of all dimensionns - KEEP OUT !
What ’ s a man !	Very sadly , Murder cases in Mexico in 2018 rose 33% from 2017 , to 33 , 341 . This is a big contributor to the Humanitarian Crises taking place on our Southern Border and then spreading throughout our Country . Worse even than Afghanistan . Much caused by DRUGS . Wall is being built !
I am the York , and the very York .	Never thought I’d say this but I think johnrobertsFox and JillianTurner FoxNews have even less understanding of the Wall negotiations than the folks at FAKE NEWS CNN & , NBC ! Look to final results ! Don’t know how my poll numbers are so good , especially up 19% with Hispanics ?
The time of her time !	RT ChatByCC: Strong people stand up for themselves—but stronger people stand up for others . Thank you President realDonaldTrump for stan . . .
Come , down , show , a man !	RT CarmineZozzora: By the time their fake news campaigns are fully exposed they’ve already moved on to their next fake news campaign . A g . . .
The men and lay her that ’ s blood , lay on the matter !	Ratcliffe: Iran and Russia Have Obtained Voter Info , Iran Has Tried to ‘Damage President Trump‘ via BreitbartNews
A “ her bed !	I am not just running against Biden , I am running against the Corrupt Media , the Big Tech Giants , and the Washington Swamp . It is time to send a message to these wealthy liberal hypocrites by delivering Joe Biden a THUNDERING defeat on November 3rd ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ” In her !	Remember , BIDEN is going to raise your taxes at a level never seen before . This will not only be very costly for you , it will destroy our economy , which is coming back very rapidly .
Who ’ s a ”	Great interview Eric !
Will be the morning , that ’ s a morning .	Kayleigh McEnany presenting Lesley Stahl ( 60Minutes ) with some of the many things we’ve done for Healthcare . Lesley had no idea !
Remember , and be out of her men in his reason .	Your 401k’s will crash with Biden . Massive Biden Tax and Regulation increases will destroy all that you have built ! Additionally , 180 Million People will lose their Private Healthcare Plans .
The many years , and her years of a times the times is a times of a times is a times	Paul Junge ( VotePaulJunge ) will be a great Congressman for Michigan ! He helped Secure our Border in my Administration , and he will help us Lower your Taxes , Create Jobs , and put America First in Congress . Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MI08
Who ’ s a ”	Jim Marchant ( VoteJimMarchant ) will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada ! Unlike his Radical Left opponent , Jim is Strong on Jobs , Law Enforcement , our Military &; Vets , and your Second Amendment . Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NV04
.	. DanRodimer will be an incredible Congressman for Nevada ! A former professional wrestler , he will fight for Lower Taxes , Better Education and More Jobs , and he will always support our Brave Law Enforcement . Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NV03
Let them be , sir , ’ s a man !	Congresswoman EliseStefanik is doing a terrific job for New York ! She fiercely defends us and exposes the Radical Left's lies ! Strong on our Second Amendment , Vets , Military and New York Law Enforcement , Elise has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NY21
This a great great and safe and his reason .	Congressman BryanSteil is doing a great job for the people of Wisconsin ! He fights hard for Wisconsin’s Incredible Workers , our Brave Law Enforcement , and your Second Amendment . Bryan has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WI01
A other part , a other together !	WSJ Editorial Board: Joe Biden Must Answer Questions About Hunter Biden and China via BreitbartNews
Who ’ s a ”	See you soon North Carolina !
No , a good good good good good good good good good good good .	. . . . Should take care of our people . It wasn’t their fault that the Plague came in from China !
Who ’ s a ”	For years , Joe Biden fought to cut your Social Security and Medicare—a fact which Joe falsely denied last night . This video ( Joe Biden’s own words ) was created by Bernie Sanders earlier this year to expose Joe Biden’s atrocious record and egregious lies !
I thank you !	Good for the consumer , gasoline prices coming down !
Who ’ s a ”	Happy National Vietnam War Veterans Day to all of our Vietnam era Veterans . You have earned our gratitude and thanks by your actions years ago and what you have done since returning home . The Nation thanks you and your families for your service and sacrifice . We love you !
The sun , Call it her men and bring us again !	. . . Unlike her Radical Liberal opponent , Theresa Greenfield , and Theresa’s failed record in real estate , Joni stands for Iowa . Vote for Joni Ernst on November 3rd , a big day for us all ! #IASEN
It was my great honor to her heart of the sea of the sea .	Few people have ever fought as strongly for Iowa as Senator JoniErnst ! A combat Veteran , her service to Iowa and our Country is remarkable ! Joni is Strong on Crime , our Military , Vets , Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times . . .
What ’ s her that We ’ s work of her ” Are of her ” Are ’ s her ”	Progress being made !
What ’ s a man !	. . . . BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Who is too , not the matter , not the matter !	Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren , other than Mini Mike , was the loser of the night . She didn’t even come close to winning her home state of Massachusetts . Well , now she can just sit back with her husband and have a nice cold beer !
Why , that would put her a pretty faith .	Excellent !
Who ’ s a	If I do not sound like a typical Washington politician , it’s because I’m NOT a politician . If I do not always play by the rules of the Washington Establishment , it’s because I was elected to fight for YOU , harder than anyone ever has before !
The late to take it to take it .	Judiciary Committee approves Judge Barrett . Moves to full Senate for final vote . Big day for America !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Play College Football !
What a bed .	10:00 A . M .
The more called her that ’ s a doubt .	We have appointed 220 Federal Judges and two Supreme Court Justices . PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT !
The men are the people !	It is not the fault of Iowa , it is the Do Nothing Democrats fault . As long as I am President , Iowa will stay where it is . Important tradition !
A one !	Sabato got it all wrong last time , never came close to understanding the Trump Voter . Actually it’s simple , MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then , KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
I ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ?	Vote for Trump . Save your 2nd Amendment !
Great !	LAW &; ORDER !
From land , to his part of his heels .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
A one !	News Conference at 5:30 P . M . Enjoy !
I will be a bed at her again tonight .	Really Big Breaking News ( Kidding ) : Booker , who was in zero polling territory , just dropped out of the Democrat Presidential Primary Race . Now I can rest easy tonight . I was sooo concerned that I would someday have to go head to head with him !
The great the great her to the great men and the rest of the rest and the rest of the rest of the great men ’ s men of her men to the rest of the rest of her rest of her .	Thank you to mirandadevine of the New York Post for your interesting ( and correct ) column today . “Trump has gained 20 points since Impeachment began in October . He gets 67% on economy . Nonwhite approval of Trump is also at a high: 28% , up 10 points in a year . Nice one , Nancy . ”
Why !	Fight hard Republicans . They have been taking advantage of the system for years !
I ’ s a man ’ s men ’ s long before I have said before you have said a long .	“We demand fairness” shouts Pelosi and the Do Nothing Democrats , yet the Dems in the House wouldn’t let us have 1 witness , no lawyers or even ask questions . It was the most unfair witch-hunt in the history of Congress !
Such a great house !	The ramp that I descended after my West Point Commencement speech was very long &; steep , had no handrail and , most importantly , was very slippery . The last thing I was going to do is “fall” for the Fake News to have fun with . Final ten feet I ran down to level ground . Momentum !
I thank you !	But people don’t want to get mugged , beaten up , or killed . Let New York’s Finest ( who proudly endorsed me ! ) do their job . Rehire crime squad and fired police . They will bring safety back to NYC , FAST ! ! !
Who ’ s a ”	Many of the ads you are watching were paid for by Mini Mike Bloomberg . He is going nowhere , just wasting his money , but he is getting the DNC to rig the election against Crazy Bernie , something they wouldn’t do for CoryBooker and others . They are doing it to Bernie again , 2016 .
Give me a good voice and her voice for a voice .	“Nancy Pelosi said , it’s not a question of proof , it’s a question of allegations ! Oh really ? ” JudgeJeanine FoxNews What a disgrace this Impeachment Scam is for our great Country !
A fair a fair that he was with her ' Great .	DIRTY COP JAMES COMEY GOT CAUGHT !
I thank you !	So last year 37 , 000 Americans died from the common Flu . It averages between 27 , 000 and 70 , 000 per year . Nothing is shut down , life &; the economy go on . At this moment there are 546 confirmed cases of CoronaVirus , with 22 deaths . Think about that !
Who , like his brother ’ s a good brother ’ s life , good from a good from a good from his life is .	I am a great friend and admirer of the Queen &; the United Kingdom . It was reported that Harry and Meghan , who left the Kingdom , would reside permanently in Canada . Now they have left Canada for the USA however , the USA will not pay for their security protection . They must pay !
I thank you !	Some things never get old !
The should let her be lost the sun , It may be done .	Senator JoniErnst of IOWA has a new book , “Daughter of the Heartland: My Ode to the Country That Raised Me . ” The first female combat veteran elected to serve in the USA Senate – Joni is as tough as they come and a true inspiration for women everywhere . Get her book today !
Why , that he will not be a wonder to a quarrel .	But they really knew who was going to win !
I thank you , so , so , so , I thank you , ’ ll thank you , and so , you , so true .	Actually falling very steadily and fast . Deaths and hospitalizations way down , and even cases down despite far more Testing than any other country in the World , by far . India second !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you very much to Ken Langone for being a great American and for your wonderful comments on TeamCavuto .
The men ’ s the will be a ” as a ” as a ”	Mini Mike is now negotiating both to get on the Democrat Primary debate stage , and to have the right to stand on boxes , or a lift , during the debates . This is sometimes done , but really not fair !
The great men !	GREAT PATRIOTS !
And will I make your grace , like no more before .	“They tried to Impeach the President eight times before this last Impeachment trial that we went through . In Arizona , people are tired of their obstruction , their investigations , and their Impeachments . They want them to get to work . ” SenMcSallyAZ foxandfriends Thanks Martha
Who ’ s a ”	Play Football Big Ten !
Who ’ s a ”	Actually , that would be a big improvement - and she would win !
Great ’ s a man !	For the people that are now out of work because of the important and necessary containment policies , for instance the shutting down of hotels , bars and restaurants , money will soon be coming to you . The onslaught of the Chinese Virus is not your fault ! Will be stronger than ever !
Why , a great us , this a old ?	Ridiculous , don’t do it !
The men ’ s the most in the most ' s man !	Biden said he is going to “transition out of ( fracking ) by 2025” . I hope Texas , Pennsylvania , Ohio , Oklahoma , North Dakota , and all of the rest were listening last night . High energy prices , massive jobs losses ! Vote Trump .
The “ Who ’ s a third ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a crown of her men ’ s bed	Joe Biden was very disrespectful to President Obama at last night’s debate when he said that he , Joe , “was Vice President , not President , ” when trying to make excuses for their failed immigration policies . I wonder what “O” was thinking when he heard that one ?
I gave no harm !	Today is the LAST DAY to register to VOTE in-person , in the Great State of Nebraska ! Get everything you need to cast your vote and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN , below !
Call her her bed !	WOW ! Thank you ARIZONA ! Departing Nevada now , and will see you all soon . Together , we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
I look forth to the way !	In light of the attack from the Invisible Enemy , as well as the need to protect the jobs of our GREAT American Citizens , I will be signing an Executive Order to temporarily suspend immigration into the United States !
What ’ s a man !	Today is National #MedalofHonorDay . Join me in a #MomentofHonor to remember those who have earned our Nation's highest award for valor in combat . The Nation is eternally grateful to these patriots who so valiantly fought for America’s values and the American way of life !
Who ’ s a ”	All the Radical Left Democrats are trying to do with the Post Office hearings is blame the Republicans for the FRAUD that will occur because of the 51 Million Ballots that are being sent to people who have not even requested them . They are setting the table for a BIG MESS !
Who did never ?	Thank you Mark !
Will be a one of her again tonight .	The number of Coronavirus cases is strongly trending downward throughout the United States , with few exceptions . Very good news , indeed !
A weak and most weak !	7 Devastating Revelations About Crossfire Hurricane In New Releases The greatest political scam in American history !
I thank you !	The LameStream Media is the dominant force in trying to get me to keep our Country closed as long as possible in the hope that it will be detrimental to my election success . The real people want to get back to work ASAP . We will be stronger than ever before !
I thank you have a man ’ s man ’ s part of a part ’ ll have you have a ”	See you tonight Minden , Nevada . I am on my way ! #MAGA
What ’ s the matter and the people have her times ?	Congressman Scott DesJarlais ( tndesjarlais ) has been a tremendous advocate for Tennessee ! One of my earliest supporters , he fights for our Military , Vets , Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment ! Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TN04
Call her her “ ”	NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH . Tremendous progress being made , way ahead of schedule . USA !
The better ’ s times the bond and bond !	Join me tomorrow night in Henderson , Nevada ! #MAGA
I thank you !	One of the reasons that Fake News has become so prevalent &; far reaching is the fact that corrupt “journalists” base their stories on SOURCES that they make up in order to totally distort a narrative or story . When you see , “five sources say” , don’t believe the story , it is . . . .
I thank you !	Thank you JackBrewerBSI . We’re with you all the way . The American people know what’s going on , they totally get it . Watch what happens in November 2020 ! Thank you for your continued support . Together , we are going to KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! #BlackVoicesforTrump
I will be by her again tonight .	. . . . . least 5 States &; the Nomination . Did the DNC &; Dems tell Elizabeth Warren to wait ? If so , they were deadly , the race would have been over , &; Bernie would have won . Dirty double dealing ? Nobody knows for sure , &; history will be the judge . But I say , here we go AGAIN , Bernie !
Our earth i ' th ' last night .	. . . . very often FAKE NEWS . Lamestream Media should be forced to reveal sources , very much as they did in the long ago past . If they did that , the media would be trusted again , and Fake News would largely be a thing of the past !
Will be a more than a bed .	Here you go JoeBiden !
A a great great !	Wow . Today’s nypost story on Joe Biden’s corruption is a monster . Many witnesses to a crime against our Country . This isn’t going away . Even the Lamestream Media is starting to say it must be covered !
What ’ s a man !	A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT !
.	We should have the small remaining number of our BRAVE Men and Women serving in Afghanistan home by Christmas !
What ’ s a ”	My highly regarded Executive Order protected 525 , 000 American jobs during the height of the Chinese Plague . Democrats want to have Open Borders !
I thank you , will never let down .	Biden supports Cory Booker’s Bill that will force low income housing in the Suburbs , which will lower property values and bring crime to your neighborhoods . If Dems win , GOODBYE SUBURBS !
The day of the Great shall be , and the morning , and there ’ s the matter .	Joe Biden and Kamala Harris BOTH want to BAN FRACKING .
What ’ s a man !	If Biden wins—China will OWN the United States . . .
Is this a man ?	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA , ON MY WAY ! #MAGA
Who in the greatness ’ s greatness in his speech . ” ”	If we don’t win , the Radical Left will destroy our Country . Biden refuses to answer questions on packing the SCOTUS ! Dems will pack the Court w/ radical left justices who will shred the #2A , empower violent mobs , and protect terrorists &; violent criminals !
All this should see !	JUST VOTED . A great honor !
As well as well , for it will be seen by the name of the name .	Joe Biden and the Democrat Socialists will kill your jobs , dismantle your police departments , dissolve your borders , release criminal aliens , raise your taxes , confiscate your guns , end fracking , destroy your suburbs , and drive God from the public square .
Call it !	The first thing Washington Democrats will do if Biden is elected is pack the Supreme Court with radical left judges who will eliminate your 2nd Amendment .
He hath no answer , so , ay , ay , ay , ay , no matter !	The Radical Biden-Harris Agenda is projected to slash the typical American’s income by $6 , 500 per year . They will raise TAXES by $4 TRILLION DOLLARS – triggering a mass exodus of jobs out of America and into foreign countries .
I do so .	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA !
Who ’ s a news today at her ” .	Biden wants to Pack the Court with Radical Left crazies . He doesn’t even want to make a list to explain who they are . Can’t let this happen !
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Obama is campaigning for us . Every time he speaks , people come over to our side . He didn’t even want to endorse Sleepy Joe . Did so long after primaries were over !
Who was my last night was her “ Call her ” I ’ s her .	Finally ! Suburban women are flocking over to us . They realize that I am saving the Suburbs - the American Dream ! I terminated the Regulation that would bring projects and crime to Suburbia . Not on my watch ! Biden will bring the Regulation back , but bigger and worse .
He .	Wow ! ! ! NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS , THE BIGGEST OF ALL POLITICAL SCANDALS ( IN HISTORY ) ! ! ! BIDEN , OBAMA AND CROOKED HILLARY LED THIS TREASONOUS PLOT ! ! ! BIDEN SHOULDN’T BE ALLOWED TO RUN - GOT CAUGHT ! ! !
True !	Was just briefed on Hurricane Delta , and spoke with GovAbbott of Texas and LouisianaGov John Bel Edwards . Please heed the directions of your State and Local Officials . We are working with them very closely — please be prepared , be careful , and be safe !
A piece of her ’ s a crown !	Just spoke with Prime Minister BorisJohnson of the United Kingdom . Very thankful for his friendship and support as I recovered from the China Virus . I am looking forward to working with him for many years to come , a great guy !
Call her , “ Call her her bed !	I will soon be giving a first in television history full , unedited preview of the vicious attempted “takeout” interview of me by Lesley Stahl of 60Minutes . Watch her constant interruptions &; anger . Compare my full , flowing and “magnificently brilliant” answers to their “Q’s” .
What ’ s a man !	Depression !
What , we see you !	I did more in 47 months than Biden did in 47 years . A VOTE for Republicans is a VOTE for SAFE communities , great JOBS , and a limitless FUTURE for ALL AMERICANS !
The sun of her men ’ s Capitol again come to her	For years you had a President who apologized for America—now you have a President who is standing up for America , and standing up for YOU . So get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors and co-workers , and GET OUT AND VOTE . Together , we are going to #MAGA !
And that in her ” Who ’ s a ”	Thank you John !
I ’ s the youth , he is the gold , he ’ s part , he is the thing !	Happy birthday to a wonderful man &; friend !
First in a years ’ s years ’ s a years ’ s years !	The noble people of Iran—who love America—deserve a government that's more interested in helping them achieve their dreams than killing them for demanding respect . Instead of leading Iran toward ruin , its leaders should abandon terror and Make Iran Great Again !
Upon my way to her ” to her that the while .	Love it , thank you ! #MAGA
But come in a man , now , and all now .	Very cool . Please thank him !
Call you .	#PrayForNashville
What ’ s a	Wall is moving along strong , tall and quickly . Thank you Jim for all of your help !
A more a bed , her bed !	Will be doing a press conference today at 5:00 P . M . The White House . People are working harder than I have ever seen people work . It is a beautiful thing to watch !
Who ’ s a ”	I commend the hard work of Senator SteveDaines and SenCoryGardner in protecting funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund for years to come . The citizens of Montana and Colorado thank you both !
Why , the like the heart ?	ENJOY THE GAME USA , OUR COUNTRY IS DOING GREAT !
Who ’ s a ”	Mitt Romney did great in the debate last night .
Why , you thank you , my way !	The Fannie and Freddie execs should not get million dollar bonuses with our tax dollars . They were bailed out with $169B of our money .
What ’ s a man !	China is advocating on behalf of Iran's nuclear program -- the Chinese oppose both sanctions and any militar . . . ( cont )
.	He is out of real solutions--BarackObama's job bill is nothing more than a tax increase .
This is where his lord .	The SuperCommittee will fail . The Republicans never should have agreed to the debt deal .
Call her her “ Call her her again !	Instead of trash talking PMIsrael on the world stage , BarackObama should be defending Israel .
The earth is the things of her and ’ s All the matter .	America should not be pressuring Israel to show restraint against Iran . We should be working to stop Iran's nuclear drive .
That ’ s do it , that does it ?	Some OWS protesters are sincere people frustrated with the system--others just in for the party .
Who ’ s a ”	GregE_IoM . Only in your weak mind !
But to the matter after a man in the same Was that he ’ s one ’ s one .	workplayeat Thanks , only the haters disagree !
What ’ s a man !	CraigHeff I don't , he makes me money !
The matter And the soldier to the great Which of the great had made of great Marry , Which like a great great great her .	Sugar is nowhere near being a billionaire-and I know , he works for me !
Their dead !	sarahluvnyc Thanks .
So !	Subhana_Anwar It's easy , just think of haters as losers with . little imagination and even less understanding of success-and very lazy !
Great was In her that I thank you , shall be , and then .	""CassHorowitz: realDonaldTrump Im from England , and you're way better then that Alan Sugar . . . whoever he is""
.	""Ozziemae: realDonaldTrump I love that you speak whatever's on your mind . That is true courage . Living your truth .
This love of her that did all .	""sally_lawson: realDonaldTrump love the phrase ""the harder I work , the luckier I get"" great book Donald""
So fair .	carlyvowell Tell your friends son - YOU'RE FIRED TUMOR !
The more of her that ’ s men ’ s ’ s one of her .	""DSlagle132: realDonaldTrump there should be an All Star NBA No-Tattoo Team . . . . would there be anyone available ? ""
Tell the more that we have more than the other men ’ s more than the other !	JedediahBila Tell your aunt she is terrific !
Who ’ s a ”	""SirMiestro: S/O TO MY MAN realDonaldTrump . . . . #SALUTE Thanks Mike .
The people ’ s the of her that ’ s her ” and her ’ s the matter !	omegaphoenix068 Rather amazing , wasn't it !
Good my lord !	""piersmorgan: Bob Costas is one of the smartest people I've interviewed . #CNN"" But you told me I was the smartest ( by far ) !
What ’ s a ”	I'm watching Knicks game-I'd bet all of those guys with the terrible tattoos wish they never got them-too bad , too late !
Be seen a Peace !	Why didn't President Obama just go inside when it started raining yesterday - common sense ! The two Marines looked very uncomfortable-& , wet .
When ’ s a more was .	Who do you like of the final two ? #CelebApprentice
Who ’ s a news today at her ” .	The LIVE FINALE of ApprenticeNBC is this Sunday at 9/8C . Watch and see who will be the first ever All-Star Celebrity Apprentice .
What ’ s a man !	Enviro friendly ? ""AP IMPACT: Obama administration allows wind farms to kill eagles , birds despite federal laws""
Who said that we may have said that we have dead of men ’ s dead !	Republicans will be providing far better Healthcare than the Democrats , at a far lower cost . . . And will always protect people with Pre-existing conditions ! ! ! !
Upon my way to her ?	THANK YOU SenateGOP !
Why , a a one of her ”	HARRIS IS A GREAT AMERICAN !
Call it again to her again &ket; Call up to her brother &ket; Call it up to her again !	Interesting ? By Congress not wanting the special 5 minute testing apparatus , they are saying that they are not “essential” . In any event , we have great testing capacity , and have performed 6 . 5 million tests , which is more than every country in the world , combined !
Good fortune to be a Cassio , sir , he does he ’ s .	Great company !
What ’ s a man !	AMERICA FIRST !
Call her a ”	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who ’ s a bed a bed !	Joe Biden = Biggest Tax Increase In History and The Complete Obliteration Of Your Second Amendment !
We ’ s all the world !	My interview which recently aired on CNBC's Squawk Box My in . . . ( cont )
They know how to be so !	My interview yesterday on CNBC's Squawk Box: Debt Deal a . . . ( cont )
Upon my way , I see you now !	The more you learn about the debt deal , the worse it gets .
Who in the second given her work of her work .	Your questions about my desk answered in today's #trumpvlog . . .
Great !	Here we go again , another Con Job by the Do Nothing Democrats . All of this work was supposed to be done by the House , not the Senate !
Let this be so !	Such Fake reporting by the nytimes , washingtonpost , CNN &; others . They use a small portion of a sentence out of a full paragraph in order to demean . They really are corrupt and disgusting . No wonder the media is , according to polls , record setting low &; untrusted . #MAGA
A very good question !	My decision to appoint usairforce General Charles Brown as the USA’s first-ever African American military service chief has now been approved by the Senate . A historic day for America ! Excited to work even more closely with Gen . Brown , who is a Patriot and Great Leader !
Great !	. . . . It has now been determined that the Mueller Scam should never have been set up in the first place , there were no grounds . It was all an illegitimate Witch Hunt , &; a big price must be paid . How different my life would have been if this fraud on America was never committed ! ! !
What ’ s a man !	ALERT: So now we find out that the entire Mueller “hit squad” illegally wiped their phones clean just prior to the investigation of them , all using the same really dumb reason for this “accident” , just like Crooked Hillary smashing her phones with a hammer , &; DELETING HER EMAILS !
We are !	The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats keep chanting “fairness” , when they put on the most unfair Witch Hunt in the history of the USA Congress . They had 17 Witnesses , we were allowed ZERO , and no lawyers . They didn’t do their job , had no case . The Dems are scamming America !
In the time , sir , now , all now .	. CNN has no sources on the Task Force . Their “sources” are made up , pure fiction ! Jim Acosta is a Fake reporter !
In a great men ’ s people under her ' next .	They are staging a coup against Bernie !
Why , her shall be this ?	Democrats = 17 Witnesses . Republicans = 0 Witnesses .
Call it out of her ” ’ s crown .	I am allocating $2 . 96 BILLION in Emergency Solutions Grants to support homeless Americans and those at risk of becoming homeless because of job or wage loss , or illness due to COVID-19 . We are taking care of our Nation’s most vulnerable citizens . Thanks SecretaryCarson !
Who ’ s a news today at her ” .	The Democrat Party has given up on counting votes in Iowa . Looks like it all got computer “fried” . Nobody knows who the real winner is . Maybe it’s Sleepy Joe , but it’s not looking that way . They lost millions &; millions of dollars , all for NOTHING . But I WON Iowa big !
What , I have made a great chamber again !	Sally Yates has zero credibility . She was a part of the greatest political crime of the Century , and ObamaBiden knew EVERYTHING ! Sally Yates leaked the General Flynn conversation ? Ask her under oath . Republicans should start playing the Democrats game !
The doubt the “ ” ” ’ s her ” ’ s the York , ’ s ’ s the matter .	Was Andy McCabe ever forced to pay back the $700 , 000 illegally given to him and his wife , for his wife’s political campaign , by Crooked Hillary Clinton while Hillary was under FBI investigation , and McCabe was the head of the FBI ? ? ? Just askin’ ?
Great ’ s a great men have a great people against a great ?	Thank you !
I will be my people have her her people at the time !	به مردم شجاع و رنج کشیده ایران: من از ابتدای دوره ریاست جمهوریم با شما ایستاده‌ام و دولت من همچنان با شما خواهد ایستاد . ما اعتراضات شما را از نزدیک دنبال می کنیم . شجاعت شما الهام بخش است .
He he !	Departing for the Great State of North Carolina !
Who ’ s a ”	More Fake News !
She was a strange a thing .	What’s going on , almost nobody is showing up for Sleepy Joe rallies !
Great was a time to her call on the last , Who ’ s the work !	THANK YOU MICHAEL ! bittyandbeaus
True !	WOW ! Thank you , just landed , see everyone soon ! #KAG2020
Great news .	Relief is on the way to Utah ! I’m proud to send $187 . 18M in CARES Act funding to RideUTA . This money will keep people moving and support a swift and smooth economic recovery for the GREAT people of Utah !
Not a one that I thank you .	No matter what you give to the Democrats , in the end , they will NEVER be satisfied . In the House , they gave us NOTHING !
.	Off to North Carolina !
Who with a very well and her ”	Great work in the Republican Senate on some big nominees . Still 154 to go , hope they don’t adjourn until the job is done ! senatemajldr
Who is the people say ’ s of his heart ’ s grace , and his grace ’ s work .	Congratulations to loudobbs , Number One . Lou has shown the Fake News what happens when you cover “America’s Greatest President” fairly &; objectively ! #MAGA #KAG
Who ’ s a bed of her !	Iowa and New Hampshire will not be moved from the Primary Schedule as long as I am President . Great tradition !
There is not .	The only reason the USA has reported one million cases of CoronaVirus is that our Testing is sooo much better than any other country in the World . Other countries are way behind us in Testing , and therefore show far fewer cases !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Subject only to State approval , our important Ethanol Industry will be allowed to use the 10% Pumps for the 15% BLEND . Thank you ! SenJoniErnst ChuckGrassley SenatorFischer SenJohnThune SenatorRounds KimReynoldsIA EPAAWheeler SecretarySonny govkristinoem
And be a man !	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! #PromisesMadePromisesKept
Give them a man ’ s good speech !	Thank you to the Great State of Tennessee . We are with you all the way !
Nothing done , Who ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s the matter .	Thank you George , great honor !
Who in the men in the people have been the thank you !	Trump poll numbers are the highest since election , despite constant phony Witch Hunts ! Tens of thousands of people attending rallies ( which the Fake News never mentions ) to see “The Greatest Show On Earth” . Fun because USA is WINNING AGAIN !
Who as a man ’ s a ”	PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT ! #KeepAmericaGreat2020
Who ’ s a ”	See you tomorrow ! #CHAMPS
I thank you !	The government of Iran must allow human rights groups to monitor and report facts from the ground on the ongoing protests by the Iranian people . There can not be another massacre of peaceful protesters , nor an internet shutdown . The world is watching .
From land , to the land .	“Republican AGs come out in force against defunding police”
Who ’ s a ”	Heading to Florida for big Republican Party event . New Stock Market Record . Jobs in USA at all-time high !
Who ’ s a ”	Every time you see a negative Big Pharma commercial against me remember , it means your drug prices are coming way down !
Go , or done or the will come in the will come to it !	This is an incredible time for our nation—we are in the midst of the Great American Comeback ! Jobs are booming , incomes are soaring , poverty is plummeting , confidence is surging , and we have completely rebuilt the awesome power of the USA Military . PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT !
For you are very very well .	All that time and money spent , and it turns out that the Mueller Investigation was a total SCAM !
Why , he ’ s a ”	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
I thank you .	I JUST GOT IMPEACHED FOR MAKING A PERFECT PHONE CALL !
He is , but think we are like a voice .	Amazon Calls 'Profiles in Corruption' the 'Most Anticipated' Nonfiction Book via BreitbartNews
Upon my way to her ” ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	Happy National Farmers Day !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ” !	BIG NEWS ! The Political Crime of the Century is unfolding . ObamaBiden illegally spied on the Trump Campaign , both before and after the election . Treason !
The more ’ s once knew ’ s no more !	The Russia Hoax is the biggest political scandal in American history . Treason ! ! ! Lets see how it ends ? ? ? ?
Good fortune !	The Democrats in the House should propose a very simple one year Payroll Tax cut . Great for the middle class , great for the USA !
What ’ s a man !	Thank you James !
Upon my way to be , and see the full of all .	DRAIN THE SWAMP !
What , ’ s a bed , all the way !	The farmers are really happy with the new China Trade Deal and the soon to be signed deal with Mexico and Canada , but I hope the thing they will most remember is the fact that I was able to take massive incoming Tariff money and use it to help them get through the tough times !
Call her bed her again ”	So much of the Lamestream Media is writing and broadcasting stories with facts that are made up and knowingly wrong . They are doing it by quoting unnamed sources that simply do not exist . These are very dangerous &; corrupt people , who will do anything to win . NAME YOUR SOURCES !
You thank you .	Pelosi doesn’t want to hand over The Articles of Impeachment , which were fraudulently produced by corrupt politicians like Shifty Schiff in the first place , because after all of these years of investigations and persecution , they show no crimes and are a joke and a scam !
What ’ s a man !	Thank you Michael . You also !
Will he be in a people ’ s people .	At least they admit it . The Failing nytimes &; washingtonpost never correct their Fake Reporting !
The great him , and your great his work .	WOW ! Sleepy Joe doesn’t know where he is , or what he’s doing . Honestly , I don’t think he even knows what office he's running for !
Will you be seen a people ’ s one of her .	“Mail-Vote Madness in Pennsylvania - The swing state is heading toward an election crackup that could draw the entire country into a legal brawl . ” . GovernorTomWolf of Pennsylvania should not be allowed to defraud the PEOPLE of the UNITED STATES !
What ’ s a man !	We have now learned for sure that the Democrats don’t want anything to do with Crazy Bernie . Rigged ? First amyklobuchar &; PeteButtigieg quit the race &; come out for Sleepy Joe BEFORE Super Tuesday . Pocahontas says NO &; quits race AFTER ELECTION , thereby depriving Bernie of at . .
What ’ s great a great a great people !	THANK YOU MarkLevinShow !
What ’ s a man !	New York State is killing small businesses . Let them properly open ! foxandfriends
The full of her that a ”	Great !
Faith , we will be done before .	Heading to the Great State of Virginia now , will be there shortly . The #USNSComfort is “loaded to the gills” at Naval Station Norfolk , departing for New York City this afternoon .
I did more in her times more than the years did never in years !	One of the greatest trade deals ever made ! Also good for China and our long term relationship . 250 Billion Dollars will be coming back to our Country , and we are now in a great position for a Phase Two start . There has never been anything like this in USA history ! USMCA NEXT !
The time of the time !	No , I think Amash would make a wonderful candidate , especially since he is way behind in his district and has no chance of maintaining his Congressional seat . He almost always votes for the Do Nothing Dems anyway . I like him even more than Jill Stein !
Welcome , and her men ’ s the field !	“For the first time in history , Police Organizations &; National Security Organizations were used to SPY on a Campaign , &; there was no basis for it . The media largely drove that , &; claims were made that could have affected the election of the President . ” A . G . Bill Barr BretBaier
I ’ s a man !	Yes !
The men have to the hours to her !	Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection via BreitbartNews . Thank you to John Catanzara and Chicago’s FOP . I will never let you down !
What people , great people !	Thank you SenatorTimScott !
Our ’ s tonight in her times her ' s side .	دولت ایران باید به گروه‌های حقوق بشر اجازه بدهد حقیقت کنونی اعتراضات در جریان مردم ایران را نظارت کرده و گزارش بدهند . نباید شاهد کشتار دوباره ی معترضان مسالمت آمیز و یا قطع اینترنت باشیم . جهان نظاره گر این اتفاقات است .
The one of her that ’ s the sun ’ s peace !	Texas &; Oklahoma: Mini Mike Bloomberg will kill your drilling , fracking and pipelines . Petroleum based “anything” is dead . Energy jobs gone . Don’t vote for Mini Mike !
Who ’ s a news today at her ” .	Another win just in . Nervous Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats in Congress sued me , thrown out . This one unanimous , in the D . C . Circuit . Witch Hunt !
Call you up the great sound !	Great statement to Congress by Jim_Jordan concerning Defunding ( not ! ) our great Police . This Radical Left agenda is not going to happen . Sleepy Joe Biden will be ( already is ) pulled all the way Left . Many , like Minneapolis , want to close their Police Departments . Crazy !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ?	“Cities across the Nation that are run by Democrats are in shambles . ” Matt Walsh TuckerCarlson
Who ’ s a ”	Fake Liberal Democrat Donors . Money laundering anyone ?
Great night !	I am giving consideration to a QUARANTINE of developing “hot spots” , New York , New Jersey , and Connecticut . A decision will be made , one way or another , shortly .
The men would be her and her to the good .	That’s right Jack . Keep up the good work !
Faith , a man ’ s a gentleman as a man !	I hate to be promoting AT&amp;T , but OANN is Great News , not Fake News . Everybody should be carrying them !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s people ?	Go Admiral Ronny !
Why , great a great Cassio !	Great to be in Charlotte , North Carolina as we expand and grow this unprecedented economic momentum . Today , we launched a brand new nationwide campaign to revitalize under-served cities and towns across America – it’s called OPPORTUNITY NOW !
Some things but any man ’ s doubt but some Kate , Kate , and call me .	We have a perfectly coordinated and fine tuned plan at the White House for our attack on CoronaVirus . We moved VERY early to close borders to certain areas , which was a Godsend . V . P . is doing a great job . The Fake News Media is doing everything possible to make us look bad . Sad !
The should the Moor today of her today .	Incredible ! FoxNews just took Congressional Hearing off the air just prior to important witness statements . More like CNN ! ! ! Fox is lost ! ! !
And news .	. . . . always continue . Every Republican Senator except Romney , many highly religious people , all very smart , voted against the Impeachment Hoax . SenCapito was all in ( a great person ) . I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer &; Pelosi . That’s all he is !
What ’ s a one ’ s man !	I was very surprised &; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax . No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me ( Pensions ) , and that will . . . .
The thank you , I thank you .	The New York Times is an embarrassment to journalism . They were a dead paper before I went into politics , and they will be a dead paper after I leave , which will be in 5 years . Fake News is the Enemy of the people !
Look so forth with my friends with great friends !	Just landed , see you soon Minden , Nevada . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
My honor !	A very big CONGRATULATIONS to the great seanhannity on having the Number One Book on the Planet , “Live Free Or Die” . The book is fantastic , and so true . Keep Sean Number One !
What ’ s a man !	The Impeachment Hoax will be exposed . Crazy Nancy gets Nothing Done , that’s why she got thrown out as Speaker the first time . Also , she should come back to Washington now !
They are a part of a part , They are a part of a man !	Who knows what this means , but it sounds good to me !
Great ducats .	After years building up other countries , we are finally rebuilding OUR Country . From our inner cities to our rural communities , the forgotten men and women of America are forgotten NO LONGER ! #OpportunityNow
He he !	Border Wall is going up FAST . Over 172 miles already built . 450 miles by early next year , or sooner ! Dems want OPEN BORDERS . I want STRONG BORDERS !
Come now , come now !	New book by charliekirk11 , already number 1 , “The MAGA Doctrine” . Really great , SUPPORT CHARLIE KIRK . Buy now !
Great morning , out of her today , and your new !	. . . history of Winning , Victory , and Freedom . The United States of America trained and deployed our HEROES on these Hallowed Grounds , and won two World Wars . Therefore , my Administration will not even consider the renaming of these Magnificent and Fabled Military Installations . . .
They would be our own ?	. . . Our history as the Greatest Nation in the World will not be tampered with . Respect our Military !
Such a most excellent yesterday in her .	On my way , Nevada !
What ’ s a man ?	WINRED !
What ’ s but a worse !	See you later !
I thank you !	Had a very good meeting with kbsalsaud of Saudi Arabia . We discussed Trade , Military , Oil Prices , Security , and Stability in the Middle East !
.	Great interview with GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy on foxandfriends . “There was no urgency with the Articles of Impeachment because there was no case . ”
But another ’ s bed .	Mini Mike Bloomberg can never recover from his incompetent debate performances . Also , as mayor he was very bad under pressure - a choker !
Faith , a bed .	“There is no crime here . I just think this whole thing should be rejected out of hand . I wouldn’t waste a minute of taxpayer dollars or time on this . Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke . ” Laura Ingraham IngrahamAngle FoxNews
Now , what great what great what would be as our great ?	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is saying privately that the new China Trade Deal is unbelievable , which it is , but publicly he knocks it whenever possible . That’s politics , but so bad for our great Country !
Why , the news .	Sally Yates is either lying or grossly incompetent . It is not possible she could have known so little about Dirty Cop James Comey ( and others ) from her high position in the Department of “Justice” . The political Crime of the Century , and she had no idea what they were doing ?
What , and with a thing !	It has been suggested that we should rename as many as 10 of our Legendary Military Bases , such as Fort Bragg in North Carolina , Fort Hood in Texas , Fort Benning in Georgia , etc . These Monumental and very Powerful Bases have become part of a Great American Heritage , and a . . .
This is a these hour !	Hispanics seem to be strongly favoring President Trump ! OANN
Call her her , Who ’ s her ” !	With the courage of our doctors and nurses , with the skill of our scientists and innovators , with the determination of the American People , and with the grace of God , WE WILL WIN THIS WAR . When we achieve this victory , we will emerge stronger and more united than ever before !
What ’ s a man !	I , for one , am glad to see he is back , and well !
True , but to the her that ’ s a times that have a man !	I am sending $219 . 9M to the San Diego area in CARES Act funding for sdmts . These funds from USDOT will be CRITICAL for economic recovery . We have to keep people moving safely and efficiently !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	There are no mixed messages , only political weaponization by people like you and your brother , Fredo !
This is of !	مردم نجیب ایران، که آمریکا را دوست می دارند، سزاوار دولتی هستند که بیش از تمرکز بر کشتن آنها به جرم احترام خواهی، به آنها کمک کند تا به رؤیاهایشان دست یابند . رهبران ایران به جای آن که ایران را به سمت ویرانی بکشانند، باید هراس افکنی را کنار بنهند و ایران را دوباره باعظمت کنند !
Call up a more than ever , thou didst more than ever , and ever be a more than ever than ever .	Prayers for all of those affected by the devastating tornadoes in Tennessee . We will continue to monitor the developments . The Federal Government is with you all of the way during this difficult time .
That ’ s hard .	Big $$$$ headed to the Pittsburgh area ! I’m sending $141 . 7M in CARES Act funding to PGHtransit from USDOT to aid in the recovery . This will be critical to helping people get where they need to go and more importantly , keeping them SAFE !
The time , sir .	. . . . Federal Government . A quarantine will not be necessary . Full details will be released by CDC tonight . Thank you !
Who ’ s her “ Who being “ Who ’ s Was ’ s ’ s the matter that ’ s ”	On the recommendation of the White House CoronaVirus Task Force , and upon consultation with the Governor’s of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut , I have asked the CDCgov to issue a strong Travel Advisory , to be administered by the Governors , in consultation with the . . . .
Who ’ s a ” “ ”	. . . . Joe Biden , and Bernie is shut out again . Very unfair , but that’s the way the Democrats play the game . Anyway , it’s a lot of fun to watch !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	They are rigging the election again against Bernie Sanders , just like last time , only even more obviously . They are bringing him out of so important Iowa in order that , as a Senator , he sit through the Impeachment Hoax Trial . Crazy Nancy thereby gives the strong edge to Sleepy . . .
What ’ s a	The Federal Reserve is cuting but must further ease and , most importantly , come into line with other countries/competitors . We are not playing on a level field . Not fair to USA . It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD . More easing and cutting !
A that ’ s that ’ s men must do this strange and now !	Working hard Lori !
A great people did , and the same old of the king and the other of York and ’ s great mother ’ s of the other of his York , and the great York , and the king ’ s crown , and the king !	Your 2nd Amendment is under very serious attack in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia . That’s what happens when you vote for Democrats , they will take your guns away . Republicans will win Virginia in 2020 . Thank you Dems !
What ’ s a ”	Congratulations on last nights BIG WIN , NancyMace ! Keep up the great work so we can #MAGA ! We need you in Washington fast . You have my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #SC01
Is the and the should see this should I have done more .	Thank you IDAHO ! #MAGA
What was a man , but this kind of this kind of such kind of such kind of such kind of her .	Congratulations to Dr . Rich McCormick ( RichforGA ) on a BIG WIN in Georgia last night ! We need you in Washington , D . C . badly . You have my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MAGA #GA07
Who ’ s a ”	The Federal Reserve is cutting but must further ease and , most importantly , come into line with other countries/competitors . We are not playing on a level field . Not fair to USA . It is finally time for the Federal Reserve to LEAD . More easing and cutting !
I thank you , ’ t ’ s a soldier !	Two wonderful people !
So !	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
I thank you to her that ’ s a ” to be a ” to be .	CONGRATULATIONS ! #MAGA
My Hero .	So honored by Archbishop Viganò’s incredible letter to me . I hope everyone , religious or not , reads it !
What ’ t again !	Happy Birthday to three time Olympian and five term Congressman , JimRyun !
Will be the look in the Great soldier of him .	The so-called “Supreme Leader” of Iran , who has not been so Supreme lately , had some nasty things to say about the United States and Europe . Their economy is crashing , and their people are suffering . He should be very careful with his words !
Bring again !	It was my great honor to address the National Association of Counties Legislative Conference where 1 , 200 County Leaders whose incredible devotion , talent , and drive directly and profoundly improve the lives of millions of Americans each and every day .
What ’ s a ”	WOW — THANK YOU ! #MAGA
How now , ?	. CNN doesn’t want to speak about their persecution of General Michael Flynn &; why they got the story so wrong . They , along with others , should pay a big price for what they have purposely done to this man &; his family . They won’t even cover the big breaking news about this scam !
Call her her ?	A great day at the White House for our National Champions , the LSU Tigers !
What ’ s a ”	. . . And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties !
He he !	Wow ! The Front Page washingtonpost Headline reads , “A BOOST IN TESTS , BUT LACK OF TAKERS . ” We have done a great job on Ventilators , Testing , and everything else . Were left little by Obama . Over 11 million tests , and going up fast . More than all countries in the world , combined .
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s her ?	REOPEN OUR COUNTRY !
So !	ON MY WAY — SEE YOU SOON !
I will be , good good good good good .	Tremendous surge in new housing construction in December , 16 . 9% , biggest in many years !
The men to her that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s have I thank you !	Just told that Fake News CNN is falsely reporting that I was recently shouting at my campaign manager over made up nonsense . Actually , he is doing a great job , I never shouted at him ( been with me for years , including the 2016 win ) , &; have no intention to do so . Just FAKE NEWS !
I ’ s a sir .	I am calling on Congress to send me a Bill that fully and permanently funds the LWCF and restores our National Parks . When I sign it into law , it will be HISTORIC for our beautiful public lands . ALL thanks to SenCoryGardner and SteveDaines , two GREAT Conservative Leaders !
Who ’ s a ”	Once again , Sleepy Joe told the press they could go home at 9 A . M . Meanwhile , your Favorite President , me , will go to Reno , Nevada tonight , three stops in Las Vegas tomorrow , with California and Arizona on schedule Monday . Don’t worry , we won’t be taking off Tuesday , either !
The that will be a one that ’ s bed !	LAW &; ORDER !
Who ’ s a ”	Not good !
The most , I knew you most most most most most most most most most most most most most in love .	“Day after day , really good news on the economy . By the way , this didn’t just happen by accident , it’s the result of a lot of the policies that Donald Trump has put into place . Obviously , the Tax Cut , and now we have these two BIG trade deals . ” StephenMoore Great future growth !
I thank you , so , so , so , I thank you , ’ ll thank you , and so , you , so true .	She was thrown off The View like a dog , Zero T . V . Personas . Now Wallace is a 3rd rate lapdog for Fake News MSDNC ( Concast ) . Doesn’t have what it takes !
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you Mike !
Who ’ s a ”	Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC , a Concast Scam Company , wouldn’t know the truth if it was nailed to his wooden forehead . Remember when he lied about his bravery in a helicopter ? Totally made up story . He’s a true dummy who was thrown off Network News like a dog . Stay tuned !
Good my Tom !	The National Institutes of Health is home to some of the greatest doctors , scientists , and researchers in the world . Thank you for all your doing NIH , keep up the great work !
What seek the good of good .	. . . And the Trump family didn’t ask the Federal government for money to carry this and many other very expensive to carry properties !
Marry , a good see , and the great what great the great him .	While I travel the Country , Joe sleeps in his basement , telling the Fake News Media to “get lost” . If you’re a reporter covering Sleepy Joe , you have basically gone into retirement !
Call her her her again .	“Trade Deals Drive Stocks To Record Highs . ” FoxNews
This will never be by me , or other , or other .	A great book , support Charlie , BUY IT ! Already Number One .
What ’ s a ”	Mini Mike , don’t lick your dirty fingers . Both unsanitary and dangerous to others and yourself !
So !	So true , although Honest Abe wasn’t bad . Thank you !
Peace , good seek you .	Highly recommended by Governor MikeDeWine of Ohio . FDA must move quickly !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	How can voters be sending in Ballots starting , in some cases , one month before the First Presidential Debate . Move the First Debate up . A debate , to me , is a Public Service . Joe Biden and I owe it to the American People !
What an ill by the foul will I put it on the time to be .	Radical Left Governor JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before . Take back your city NOW . If you don’t do it , I will . This is not a game . These ugly Anarchists must be stooped IMMEDIATELY . MOVE FAST !
True , good .	I must admit that Lyin’ Brian Williams is , while dumber than hell , quite a bit smarter than Fake News CNN “anchorman” Don Lemon , the “dumbest man on television” . Then you have Psycho Joe “What Ever Happened To Your Girlfriend ? ” Scarborough , another of the low I . Q . individuals !
I thank you !	MegaLouise88 . O . K . write me .
I thank you , great work !	“Very troubled by Durham probe findings . ” A . G . Bill Barr BretBaier FoxNews
Do the man , the man , that a man , be true .	Just landed in Nevada but while on Air Force One watched most vicious TV commercial I have ever seen . Pathetic Joe’s people placed an unsourced ad where they have me saying unthinkable things about soldiers while standing over their graves . It is a MADE UP LIE . A TOTAL CON JOB !
Great news , you thank you !	Not much time to sleep . Thank you !
Who ?	“With the Tax Cuts and new Trade Deals , we were set for a tremendous growth rate this year . . . . and then the Virus came along . ” larry_kudlow MariaBartiromo We were breaking all records , especially on employment . It will all come roaring back again , and fast !
I thank you , will never let thee never .	Lyin’ Brian Williams of MSDNC !
Will be a one of her tonight .	THANK YOU VERMONT ! #KAG2020
Who hath the her ” ’ s her ”	. . . . . mixed about even wanting us to get out . They make a fortune $$$ by having us stay , and except at the beginning , we never really fought to win . We are more of a police force than the mighty military that we are , especially now as rebuilt . No , I am not acting impulsively !
I thank you !	A fantastic new book , “American Crusade” written by a Great American Patriot , PeteHegseth — is available tomorrow ! Hear more about it as he joins SeanHannity tonight at 9:00pmE and foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 8:30amE . Get your copy today !
I thank you , ’ s a soldier .	Today we commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the birth of Saint John Paul II . HAPPY BIRTHDAY !
I thank you !	The Democrats are just , as always , looking for trouble . They do nothing constructive , even in times of crisis . They don’t want to blame their cash cow , China , for the plague . China is blaming Europe . Dr . Fauci will be testifying before the Senate very soon ! #DONOTHINGDEMOCRATS
Upon my way to bed !	Hope the FDA can approve Mask Sterilization equipment ASAP . As per Governor MikeDeWine , there is a company in Ohio , Battelle , which has equipment that can sterilize masks quickly .
Are you better than now , you were three years , as all the years say .	Despite reports to the contrary , Sweden is paying heavily for its decision not to lockdown . As of today , 2462 people have died there , a much higher number than the neighboring countries of Norway ( 207 ) , Finland ( 206 ) or Denmark ( 443 ) . The United States made the correct decision !
Who ’ s a ”	Upon departing the Oval Office for Ohio , I’ve notified my staff to continue working on an Executive Order with respect to Payroll Tax Cut , Eviction Protections , Unemployment Extensions , and Student Loan Repayment Options .
Call it down more than the men ’ s eyes .	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA ! #KAG2020
Go in the her ” !	THANK YOU TOLEDO , OHIO !
I thank you !	THANK YOU MASSACHUSETTS ! #KAG2020
Set up by her men ’ s bed with her years ’ s years , and the years is the years of her sister .	THANK YOU NEVADA ! #MAGA
The more is he .	. . . The far-left maniacs supporting Joe Biden are burning flags and chanting “America was never great . ” But we know the truth: America is the most Exceptional Nation on earth , and our destiny is blessed by God !
The matter must take this very matter .	No reason to turn it down , except politics . We have plenty of testing . Maybe you need a new Doctor over there . Crazy Nancy will use it as an excuse not to show up to work !
A men ’ s great men and work !	Joe Biden cannot LEAD our Country , because he does not BELIEVE in our Country . At Biden’s convention , they decried America as a wicked , sinful nation , destined for a fate of doom and despair . They even removed the words “Under God” from the Pledge of Allegiance – twice . . .
We will still be with a more than the every man !	Does anybody really believe that Roger Stone , a man whose house was raided early in the morning by 29 gun toting FBI Agents ( with Fake News CNN closely in toe ) , was treated fairly . How about the jury forewoman with her unannounced hatred &; bias . Same scammers as General Flynn !
Thanks .	THANK YOU ALABAMA ! #KAG2020
Go to a place .	Domestic Terrorists have taken over Seattle , run by Radical Left Democrats , of course . LAW &; ORDER !
In !	I agree . Jovita will do a great job !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
Those that be enough of this Great was .	Our great National Guard Troops who took care of the area around the White House could hardly believe how easy it was . “A walk in the park” , one said . The protesters , agitators , anarchists ( ANTIFA ) , and others , were handled VERY easily by the Guard , D . C . Police , &; S . S . GREAT JOB !
The more Let us be so .	Thanks for your invaluable help Chuck !
The matter and call the quarrel ’ s times of her !	Beautiful , thank you to our GREAT BlueAngels and AFThunderbirds !
The earth is ready !	What happened to General Michael Flynn , a war hero , should never be allowed to happen to a citizen of the United States again !
I thank you !	THANK YOU OKLAHOMA ! #KAG2020
Marry , I am Love .	I did more in 47 months as President than Sleepy Joe Biden did in 47 years ! #MAGA
Is the Cassio ?	Just departed for the Great State of Ohio !
What ’ s a man !	FAKE POLLING , just like 2016 ( but worse ) !
What to her that .	. PeteHegseth “Oh bye the way , I appreciate the message from former President Bush , but where was he during Impeachment calling for putting partisanship aside . ” foxandfriends He was nowhere to be found in speaking up against the greatest Hoax in American history !
The part of the man ’ s never gives him .	The Wall Street Journal Editorial states that it doesn’t want me to act in an “impulsive” manner in Afghanistan . Could somebody please explain to them that we have been there for 19 years , and while soldier counts are way down now , hardly impulsive . Besides , the Taliban is . . . . .
Look to this away !	Sleepy Joe Biden refuses to leave his basement “sanctuary” and tell his Radical Left BOSSES that they are heading in the wrong direction . Tell them to get out of Seattle now . Liberal Governor JayInslee is looking “the fool” . LAW &; ORDER !
Let her be a one .	Joe Biden: ‘Unlike the African American Community . . . the Latino Community Is an Incredibly Diverse Community‘ via BreitbartNews . Wow ! Joe Biden just lost the entire African American community . What a “dumb” thing to say !
What ’ s a man !	I am running for re-election to bring prosperity to Nevada , to put violent criminals behind bars , and to ensure the future belongs to AMERICA—NOT China . If we win , AMERICA WINS ! If Biden wins , China wins . If Biden Wins , the rioters , anarchists , and arsonists win . VOTE ! #MAGA
I thank you , her that ’ s a ”	The Fake News Media and their partner , the Democrat Party , is doing everything within its semi-considerable power ( it used to be greater ! ) to inflame the CoronaVirus situation , far beyond what the facts would warrant . Surgeon General , “The risk is low to the average American . ”
One of a kind of kind !	THANK YOU TENNESSEE ! #KAG2020
The knew it was and her yet have so .	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer said , “You will pay the price for this . You won’t know what HIT YOU . ” That is far beyond simple rhetoric . That is a physical threat , or at least a threat that you better vote for us . ” Trouble ahead !
I thank you !	Thank you !
He must be given to his people , and be all of our men are our men .	Happy National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day ! #LESM
Why , you have a man ’ s part of it ’ s part you have thank you , you ’ ll have a man ’ s bed of a ”	STOCK MARKET AT ALL-TIME HIGH ! HOW ARE YOUR 401K’S DOING ? 70% , 80% , 90% up ? Only 50% up ! What are you doing wrong ?
A never be a man and this !	THOSE THAT DENY THEIR HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT !
What ’ s a man !	Really ? Have you looked at the numbers lately !
Call it is the way , her be the way . ”	jennymorris427 . Thanks Jenny .
I thank you !	THANK YOU MAINE ! #KAG2020
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	The Federal Reserve is wrong so often . I see the numbers also , and do MUCH better than they do . We will have a very good Third Quarter , a great Fourth Quarter , and one of our best ever years in 2021 . We will also soon have a Vaccine &; Therapeutics/Cure . That’s my opinion . WATCH !
I thank you .	Correct !
Who ’ s a ”	Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren singlehandedly destroyed the Bernie Sanders campaign by stripping voters away from his count on Super T . He lost states that he easily would have won if she had dropped out 3 days earlier . The DNC is doing it to Bernie again ! Will he ever get angry ?
What a man ’ s her that ’ s a people !	Animals that must be hit hard !
Call her a ”	YES !
The more ’ s friends !	. . . . was given a horrendous report by his superior , the man he reported to , who publicly stated that Vindman had problems with judgement , adhering to the chain of command and leaking information . In other words , “OUT” .
A an an an thing ?	Fake News CNN &; MSDNC keep talking about “Lt . Col . ” Vindman as though I should think only how wonderful he was . Actually , I don’t know him , never spoke to him , or met him ( I don’t believe ! ) but , he was very insubordinate , reported contents of my “perfect” calls incorrectly , &; . . .
O , then !	Just like Radical Left New York is trying to destroy the NRA , if Biden becomes President your GREAT SECOND AMENDMENT doesn’t have a chance . Your guns will be taken away , immediately and without notice . No police , no guns !
The men of her that the people ’ s men ’ s bed !	The Fake News doesn’t show real polls . Lamestream Media is totally CORRUPT , the Enemy of the People !
What ’ s a man !	Heading to Toledo , Ohio , for first Rally of the year . Tremendous crowd . Here we go for a big 2020 Win !
True , but we are done .	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
Call it ?	Smart analysis , I fully agree !
I thank you !	THANK YOU TEXAS ! #KAG2020
What are our men ’ s her ?	June 14th just happens to be my birthday , thank you ! Love our Boaters , Love our Country ! #MAGA
I thank you !	Plus many !
Who ’ s a ”	THANK YOU ARKANSAS ! #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ”	Now the Democrats are trying to smear Bernie with Russia , Russia , Russia . They are driving him Crazy !
Will be a friend of her men ’ s bed .	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party , A Record . Thank You !
The office !	. foxandfriends trounces Morning Psycho ( MSDNC ) in the Ratings !
What , the love ’ s a man !	This is the letter sent to Dr . Tedros of the World Health Organization . It is self-explanatory !
I will be by her men ’ s a doubt .	. FoxNews is no longer the same . We miss the great Roger Ailes . You have more anti-Trump people , by far , than ever before . Looking for a new outlet !
No wonder !	Such an honor ! Drudge is down 40% plus since he became Fake News . Most importantly , he’s bleeding profusely , and is no longer “hot” . But others are ! Lost ALL Trumpers .
Call it her again For ’ s men ’ s her again For her ’ s her ” and her again and her ” For her again For her again For her again For ” For her ” For ’ s her ” and her again and her ” For	Anarchists just took over Seattle and the Liberal Democrat Governor just said he knows “nothing about that” .
Now , my lord , but this they deny , but they ’ s life !	The Lamestream Media wants us to fail . That will NEVER happen !
Great morning and she ’ s the morning , and the morning ’ s three and the morning !	Radical Left Governor JayInslee and the Mayor of Seattle are being taunted and played at a level that our great Country has never seen before . Take back your city NOW . If you don’t do it , I will . This is not a game . These ugly Anarchists must be stopped IMMEDIATELY . MOVE FAST !
Great night by a thing !	Thank you Iowa for the RECORD vote we just received in the Primary . The Dems were 25% down ( although their votes are all fried ! ) .
.	“Trump has outmastered the Deep State . He’s light years ahead of us . ” MSDNC . I disagree . We have a long way to go . There are still some very bad , sick people in our government - people who do not love our Country ( In fact , they hate our Country ! ) .
The coming back !	Many complaints coming in about Maine . I love that State , won Maine 2 - Don’t make the cure worse than the problem itself . That can happen , you know !
They ’ s the people ’ s lost and the people !	They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from Crazy Bernie , just like last time . Some things never change !
I thank you to my boy !	THANK YOU COLORADO ! #KAG2020
The the new in the new soldier ’ s the soldier .	Consistently great reporting by Elizabeth MacDonald of FoxBusiness . She really understands OBAMAGATE !
A more ’ s a bed !	If they die , fast trial death penalty for the killer . Only way to stop this !
The more sir , a her that thank you !	Wow ! Thank you Greg . Hope I live up to your expectations .
Good the matter , We will be a matter !	Democrats are now the party of high taxes , high crime , open borders , late-term abortion , socialism , and blatant corruption . The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker , the American Family , and the American Dream ! #KAG2020
What ’ s a ”	After years of rebuilding OTHER nations , we are finally rebuilding OUR nation . We are finally putting AMERICA FIRST ! #KAG2020
Great !	Hopefully our Country will soon mend . We are all missing our wonderful rallies , and many other things !
This is so many of her that we have the day to speak of day !	Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s Impeachment Hoax has lifted Republican Congressional Polls ( she lost the House once before ! ) , and my Polls , WAY UP , which was expected , but it has had a great effect on Republican Senate races , including North Carolina , Kentucky , Colorado and Arizona . Thanks !
I thank you to the fair of our fair ” I will never let ’ s down !	Another Fake Book by two third rate Washington Post reporters , has already proven to be inaccurately reported , to their great embarrassment , all for the purpose of demeaning and belittling a President who is getting great things done for our Country , at a record clip . Thank you !
Who ’ s a one of her , and ’ s good news today .	The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt Administration in the history of our Country !
A more a bed !	Seriously failed presidential candidate , Senator Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren , just introduced an Amendment on the renaming of many of our legendary Military Bases from which we trained to WIN two World Wars . Hopefully our great Republican Senators won’t fall for this !
The best that is the best of her work .	Polls are showing tremendous disapproval of Lamestream Media coverage of the Virus crisis . The Fake News just hasn’t figured that out yet !
They will never be satisfied !	A massive 200 Billion Dollar Sea Wall , built around New York to protect it from rare storms , is a costly , foolish &; environmentally unfriendly idea that , when needed , probably won’t work anyway . It will also look terrible . Sorry , you’ll just have to get your mops &; buckets ready !
Who ’ s a ”	The only way to stop the crazed Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats “is for the Republican Senate to run an offense here” . LeeSmithDC IngrahamAngle FoxNews So true , although the Dems Hoaxes &; Witch Hunts have driven up Republican Polls , and mine , mightily !
A he is the duke !	Great job being done by the VP and the CoronaVirus Task Force . Thank you !
What ’ s a great office .	Because the “Ratings” of my News Conferences etc . are so high , “Bachelor finale , Monday Night Football type numbers” according to the nytimes , the Lamestream Media is going CRAZY . “Trump is reaching too many people , we must stop him . ” said one lunatic . See you at 5:00 P . M . !
Who hath her never her “ Call in her ”	Chris JacobsNY27 is a Great Winner and Fighter for New York . He will never let you down ! Strong on Crime , Military , our Vets , Reducing Taxes , Regulations , and importantly , our #2A . Vote on June 23rd . Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NY27
I think , Who ’ s the sister in the sister !	. . . . BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
O fast will fast the fast of her dream !	. . . Strong on Crime , our Military , Vets and Low Taxes . Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! November 3rd , a big day for us all ! #SC01
What would be him to be !	Despite very tough competition , NancyMace had a tremendous victory on Tuesday in South Carolina’s 1st Congressional District . The first woman to graduate from the Citadel , she is a Great Warrior who we need in Washington now . . .
What is a mighty mighty man ’ s	Wow !
Why , that bad that bad men ’ s great him .	. . . the worst weeks ever . ” She could have had a much better week if Crazy Nancy , who is the most overrated person in politics ( going to lose the House a second time ) , didn’t bring the phony &; corrupt Impeachment Hoax . Dems can’t do anything right , just look at the Iowa vote count !
A very bad too much .	. RepDebDingell , who called me , tears flowing , to thank me for rolling out the maximum “Red Carpet” for the funeral of her husband , then voted against me on the partisan Impeachmen Hoax , said “everybody ( Dems ) wants to get out of town . This has been , in my whole career , one of . . .
Thanks .	. . . alone attracted 6 . 2 million viewers for the president’s briefing — an astounding number for a 6 p . m . cable broadcast , more akin to the viewership for a popular prime-time sitcom . . .
I thank you !	. . . . BUT THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Take it , let the air .	If you listened to the flawed advice of paulkrugman at the nytimes , a newspaper that was going broke until I came along , you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day , 2016 . Sorry , those are the FACTS . . . .
Why , thou art thou ?	. . . On Monday , nearly 12 . 2 million people watched Mr . Trump’s briefing on CNN , Fox News and MSNBC , according to Nielsen — ‘Monday Night Football’ numbers . Millions more are watching on ABC , CBS , NBC and online streaming sites , and the audience is expanding . On Monday , Fox News . . .
Great a office .	The BEST decision made was the toughest of them all - which saved many lives . Our VERY early decision to stop travel to and from certain parts of the world !
A great fellow , a fellow !	THANK YOU MINNESOTA ! #KAG2020
And to believe the men ’ s men ’ s the people do do do do think the people .	. . . We need Karen in Washington badly ! She loves Georgia and the USA . Has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! November 3rd , a big day for us all ! #GA06
The one of the very much , ’ s a very fast ’ s a very full of her ”	Congratulations to KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75% , despite tough competition . Previously beat Jon Ossof who , after his 2017 Congressional failure , is now running against a GREAT Senator , David PerdueSenate . . .
First the lady ’ s her ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s a “ Not a ”	Thank you !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	. . . The CBS News poll said 13 percent of Republicans trusted the news media for information about the virus . ” Michael M . Grynbaum NYTimes
I pray you have a work of her ” And the matter .	We will not be touching your Social Security or Medicare in Fiscal 2021 Budget . Only the Democrats will destroy them by destroying our Country’s greatest ever Economy !
Why .	Keep punching Mike !
What ’ s a man !	If you listened to the flawed advice of paulkrugman at the nytimes , a newspaper that was going broke until I came along , you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day , 2016 . Sorry , those are the FACTS . . . .
The her her ” !	I thought Mini Mike was through with Democrat politics after spending almost 2 Billion Dollars , and then giving the worst and most inept Debate Performance in the history of Presidential Politics . Pocahontas ended his political career on first question , OVER ! Save NYC instead .
.	. . . of Schumer and Pelosi . David is Strong on Crime , our Military , Vets , Low Taxes and will protect your #2A at all times . He is a GREAT Senator and has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Vote for David Perdue on November 3rd , a big day for us all ! #GASEN
What ’ s a man !	We need our Great David Perdue ( PerdueSenate ) in the Senate to Drain the Swamp &; Make America Great Again ! His Radical Liberal opponent , Jon Ossoff ( who we beat in 2017 ) , supports LAWLESS Sanctuary Cities , wants to raise your taxes , &; weaken our Great Military . He is a puppet . . .
I thank you to the lady !	So much FAKE NEWS !
The day is the day to the last day !	Saudi Arabia and Russia are arguing over the price and flow of oil . That , and the Fake News , is the reason for the market drop !
A more ?	If you listened to the flawed advice of paulkrugman at the nytimes , a newspaper that was going broke until I came along , you would have entirely missed the RECORD BREAKING Stock Market ( and other ) numbers produced since Election Day , 2016 . Sorry , those are the FACTS . . . . .
The most is and there is a one of her !	“President Trump is a ratings hit . Since reviving the daily White House briefing Mr . Trump and his coronavirus updates have attracted an average audience of 8 . 5 million on cable news , roughly the viewership of the season finale of ‘The Bachelor . ’ Numbers are continuing to rise . . .
He ’ s a man ’ s one .	The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , don’t want justice when pushing the Impeachment Hoax , they only want to destabilize the Republican Party so they can do better in the 2020 election , &; that includes the House &; Senate . They are playing with the people by taking it this far !
The in the men ’ s her that ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter for the matter .	More Fake News . This was photoshopped , obviously , but the wind was strong and the hair looks good ? Anything to demean !
A more ?	Thank you !
What ’ s a man !	The biggest loser tonight , by far , is Mini Mike Bloomberg . His “political” consultants took him for a ride . $700 million washed down the drain , and he got nothing for it but the nickname Mini Mike , and the complete destruction of his reputation . Way to go Mike !
Who ’ s a ”	I am proud to announce the Portland Area’s trimet will receive over $184M in federal funds to support continued operations of their transit system . This will keep workers on the job and help the economic recovery by ensuring reliable transportation !
In the time , Who in my lord .	I am proud to announce the San Francisco Bay Area will receive over $700M in federal funds to support continued operations and support workers at flySFO Intl Airport and for transit on sfmta_muni &; SFBart . This money will aid in economic recovery !
And that , and her that hath the man in the which ’ s one of it !	DC’s WMATA system is getting over $876M , a big boost to stay open &; operating ! The federal funds will keep workers paid &; buses &; trains running on a limited schedule as they are needed for essential trips . Good news for those who rely on transit ! Congrats to MayorBowser &; all !
I think that a great a great thank you .	In the highly competitive world of high tech , how come nobody has ever challenged Mini Mike Bloomberg and his very average , &; supposedly outdated , “stuff” that he sells to so many ? Did he use his position as Mayor of New York to create what is now a monopoly ? Just askin’ ?
Great a crown from her ” Who with her men ’ s there !	. . . Second Amendment . Matt has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! We need him in Washington now ! #NH01
What ’ s a man !	Matt Mowers is a champion for the Great State of New Hampshire ! He was a winner in my Administration and he will always put America First . Strong on our Military , Vets , Low Taxes and the . . .
Good a man !	Mini Mike is part of the Fake News . They are all working together . In fact , Bloomberg isn’t covering himself ( too boring to do ) , or other Dems . Only Trump . That sounds fair ! It’s all the Fake News Media , and that’s why nobody believes in them any more .
Will be gone in the more than the upon the upon the matter .	. . . We need Karen in Washington badly ! She loves Georgia and the USA . Has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! November 3rd , a big day for us all ! #GA06
This should be never should be never should be !	Congratulations to KarenHandel on running a great race and terrific primary victory - 75% , despite tough competition . Previously beat Jon Ossoff who , after his 2017 Congressional failure , is now running against a GREAT Senator , David PerdueSenate . . .
And the the Great was of her times on the Moor .	Congressman Michael Guest ( GuestCongress ) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Mississippi . Michael is strong on Crime and the Border , he loves our Military and Vets . Michael has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Get out and Vote for Michael tomorrow , March 10th !
What ’ s a man !	WE will WIN Ohio even bigger than we did in 2016 — MAGA is stronger than ever before !
What is !	They just don’t get it !
Who 's a	My SuperBowl Interview at 3:30 P . M . on foxnetworks . Enjoy !
I thank you !	Thank you Steve . The greatest Witch Hunt in USA history !
So !	So proud of the USACEHQ , FEMA , and the Federal Government for the 2 , 900 bed hospital they built in 4 days ( way ahead of schedule ) in the Javits Center for NY . We are now moving the teams to join others so they can continue to build more hospitals/beds . Keep up the GREAT WORK !
I , you like you too !	Governor Cuomo wanted to see me this weekend . He just canceled . Very hard to work with New York - So stupid . All they do is sue me all the time !
Great Peter	Congressman StevenPalazzo is doing a fantastic job for the people of Mississippi . He strongly supports our #MAGA Agenda . Steven will continue to protect your #2A , &; Support our INCREDIBLE Vets &; Military . Steven has my Complete Endorsement . VOTE for Steven tomorrow , March 10th !
Good work !	Great !
What , I can be with that I live .	The Fake News knows this . Thanks Katie !
Come the matter !	I will be going to Austin , Texas . Leaving soon . Always like ( love ! ) being in the Lone Star State . Speaking to our great Farmers . They hit “paydirt” with our incredible new Trade Deals: CHINA , JAPAN , MEXICO , CANADA , SOUTH KOREA , and many others !
The world is at the world ’ s enemy .	Total and complete Endorsement for Debbie Lesko ! RepDLesko Love Arizona .
What ’ s a man !	Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:30 P . M . Eastern .
My friends great friends .	I called the politicization of the China Virus by the Radical Left Democrats a Hoax , not the China Virus itself . Everybody knows this except for the Fake and very Corrupt Media !
Call her , “ Call her ?	THANK YOU , Jim , for your incredible support of our #MAGA Agenda ! You are a tremendous Senator for the people of the Great State of Oklahoma and you have my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Will be a more than the people ’ s work .	FAKE NEWS !
Who in the men of her men ’ s her ' tis the thank you !	I have never seen the Republican Party as Strong and as Unified as it is right now . Thank you !
The great my great , visit you .	I promised to restore hope in America . That includes the least among us . Together , let’s KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! Text TRUMP to 88022 if you liked our Super Bowl ad !
Great a more Make more than the more ' s more ' th ' th ' times more .	USA Cancer Death Rate Lowest In Recorded History ! A lot of good news coming out of this Administration .
Great sir , on a Cassio !	Breaking News: The Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals just reversed a lower court decision & , gave us the go ahead to build one of the largest sections of the desperately needed Southern Border Wall , Four Billion Dollars . Entire Wall is under construction or getting ready to start !
Great a man in her , and I ’ s a thing that I ’ s a man .	Hope that all House Republicans will vote against Crazy Nancy Pelosi’s War Powers Resolution . Also , remember her “speed & , rush” in getting the Impeachment Hoax voted on & , done . Well , she never sent the Articles to the Senate . Just another Democrat fraud . Presidential Harassment !
What ’ s a man !	Going well despite the Fake News !
I will .	Sleepy Joe Biden has spent 47 years in politics being terrible to Hispanics . Now he is relying on Castro lover Bernie Sanders to help him out . That won’t work ! Remember , Miami Cubans gave me the highly honored Bay of Pigs Award for all I have done for our great Cuban Population !
Who is it a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a ” !	They got caught . Some very nervous criminals out there . Thank you Ted !
I thank you !	Thank you !
So many people hurt !	Thanks . Sleepy Joe has given you nothing , and never will !
But not the people for her men ’ s bed !	Sleepy Joe Biden just lost the Black Vote . This statement is a disaster from which their is no recovery !
How they are together ?	Now Mini Mike Bloomberg is critical of Jack Wilson , who saved perhaps hundreds of people in a Church because he was carrying a gun , and knew how to use it . Jack quickly killed the shooter , who was beginning a rampage . Mini is against the 2nd A . His ads are Fake , just like him !
I thank you for this spirit to this spirit .	“11 , 000 points gained in the Dow in the 3 years since the Election of President Trump . Today it may hit 29 , 000 . That has NEVER happened before in that time frame . That has added 12 . 8 Trillion Dollars to the VALUE of American Business . ” Varneyco FoxNews The best is yet to come !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	So nice to see this great honor . Thank you ( but haven’t played golf in a long time ) !
They ’ s my bed !	Just signed a new Executive Order to LOWER DRUG PRICES ! My Most Favored Nation order will ensure that our Country gets the same low price Big Pharma gives to other countries . The days of global freeriding at America’s expense are over . . .
Never knew the one that had such a good sense !	. . . and prices are coming down FAST ! Also just ended all rebates to middlemen , further reducing prices .
True !	Great work RepChipRoy , together we are keeping AMERICAN WORKERS employed !
Not no more !	Congratulations to my daughter , Tiffany , on graduating from Georgetown Law . Great student , great school . Just what I need is a lawyer in the family . Proud of you Tiff !
Great a place of one , a kind of a kind of a kind of one .	Oklahoma , Vote for your GREAT Senator Today . Nobody better than Jim !
Will be the the men ’ s her that it is the matter .	THANK YOU CALIFORNIA ! #KAG2020
The more !	The powerful Trump Wall is replacing porous , useless and ineffective barriers in the high traffic areas requested by Border Patrol . Illegal crossing are dropping as more and more Wall is being completed ! #BuildingTheWall
.	Nancy Pelosi will go down as the absolute worst Speaker of the House in USA history !
Who ’ s a ”	To the brave , long-suffering people of Iran: I've stood with you since the beginning of my Presidency , and my Administration will continue to stand with you . We are following your protests closely , and are inspired by your courage .
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . And then came a Plague , a great and powerful Plague , and the World was never to be the same again ! But America rose from this death and destruction , always remembering its many lost souls , and the lost souls all over the World , and became greater than ever before !
I thank you , I love you !	“I said NO to a deal , Lou . If I would be willing to re-remember . . . . . . they would recommend no jail time , &; I said NO . This President needs to be re-elected , Lou . One of the greatest Presidents in my lifetime . I would never give false testimony against him . ” Roger Stone LouDobbs . .
The money should give the money for their fortunes , their horse , and the time should be made of the time !	A really great woman , and what a job she is doing !
One from the from the bed of her that .	I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Texas tonight , where the people are known for being tough , strong , hardworking , loyal and fiercely patriotic — just like America’s incredible Farmers ! #AFBF2020
The will to the will I have ’ ll be it .	Will be interviewed tonight by Laura IngrahamAngle at 10pmE on FoxNews . Enjoy !
If we have been there to her men ’ s people , ’ s dead , and have died ?	She will go down as perhaps the least successful Speaker in USA History !
What ’ s a man !	Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters . ” I will never let you down !
So good !	THANK YOU UTAH ! #KAG2020
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Fake News ! !
I thank you !	The Radical Left Democrats: First they try to take away your guns . Then they try to take away your police !
Faith , the reason on a work in a well done .	Thank you Emily !
I could be with you , but in her never thank you .	Getting ready to meet the LSU Tigers , the National Champions . Great Coach , great Team , great School . Very exciting !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Mini Mike Bloomberg ads are purposely wrong - A vanity project for him to get into the game . Nobody in many years has done for the USA what I have done for the USA , including the greatest economy in history , rebuilding our military , biggest ever tax &; regulation cuts , &; 2nd A !
I did more in her people than the people did never in years ’ s years !	Pete Rose played Major League Baseball for 24 seasons , from 1963-1986 , and had more hits , 4 , 256 , than any other player ( by a wide margin ) . He gambled , but only on his own team winning , and paid a decades long price . GET PETE ROSE INTO THE BASEBALL HALL OF FAME . It’s Time !
Who ’ s a ”	Will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 7:55 A . M . USA STRONG !
She is a third hath a third hath nothing .	ff3476 . Great .
Shall be in the sea .	“The Massive Trump Coronavirus Supply Effort that the Media Loves to Hate” RichLowry
What ?	I am pleased to announce that the Seattle area’s SoundTransit will receive over $166M in federal funds from USDOT to help keep the transit system open &; operational , helping get people to work or make necessary trips . These funds help replace lost fare revenue , very important !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	We will get this done for our great Miners !
Who ’ s a ”	Where have the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats gone when they have spent the last 3 days defending the life of Qassem Soleimani , one of the worst terrorists in history and the father of the roadside bomb ? He was also looking to do big future damage ! Dems are “unhinged . ”
We have seen with a man !	New polling shows that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is going nowhere . A vast majority want the Do Nothing Democrats to move on to other things now !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	The Do Nothing Democrats !
The one of her ” ’ s more ’ s her ”	I was right , these people were all wrong , and now they criticize me . Such hypocrisy !
The people ’ s people ’ s men ’ s words !	. . . . paying higher rates than many others , when we should be paying less . Tough on our exporters and puts the USA at a competitive disadvantage . Must be the other way around . Should ease and cut rate big . Jerome Powell led Federal Reserve has called it wrong from day one . Sad !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	Australia’s Central Bank cut interest rates and stated it will most likely further ease in order to make up for China’s Coronavirus situation and slowdown . They reduced to 0 . 5% , a record low . Other countries are doing the same thing , if not more so . Our Federal Reserve has us . . . .
.	Thank you Dr . Hahn &; the FDA for your fast approval of this respected Ohio company recommended by Governor MikeDeWine . Great potential !
I thank you and a man !	Mini Mike Bloomberg doesn’t get on the Democrat Debate Stage because he doesn’t want to - he is a terrible debater and speaker . If he did , he would go down in the polls even more ( if that is possible ! ) .
Good my lord .	InNovember2012 . Thanks .
A matter !	“There is no crime here . Entertaining this Impeachment is a joke . This whole thing should be dismissed . ” IngrahamAngle FoxNews
We did it , once , will be a second time !	“Years from now , when we look back at this day , nobody’s going to remember Nancy’s cheap theatrics , they will remember though how President Trump brought the Chinese to the bargaining table and delivered achievements few ever thought were possible . ” IngrahamAngle FoxNews
I thank you , ’ s a more , ’ s ’ s part , I thank you , ’ ll have a bed , a time !	Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game , and a fantastic comeback , under immense pressure . You represented the Great State of Kansas and , in fact , the entire USA , so very well . Our Country is PROUD OF YOU !
I will do this note .	The Democrat establishment came together and crushed Bernie Sanders , AGAIN ! Even the fact that Elizabeth Warren stayed in the race was devastating to Bernie and allowed Sleepy Joe to unthinkably win Massachusetts . It was a perfect storm , with many good states remaining for Joe !
What ’ s use the more a bed , and the bed .	I love constantly proving them wrong . It’s easy !
The will and the ready to the matter !	“I’ve been doing this for 40 years and I’ve never seen anything like this ( Economy ) . ” Varneyco foxandfriends
Call her her her again .	Going up fast . We need the Wall more than ever !
The of her be at this , If they will not be so !	A great coach and a fantastic guy . His endorsement of me in Indiana was a very big deal !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . for the foreign policies of the President . ” AlanDersh Alan Dershowitz seanhannity FoxNews They do what the House asks . The Swamp !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	“The GOA got it exactly backwards . Here’s what they said . The law does not permit the President to substitute his own policy priorities to those Congress has enacted into law . It’s exactly the opposite . The Constitution does not allow Congress to substitute its own priorities . . . .
Who could not be a name of a name that should have his bed .	Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats delayed the Workers Help/Stimulus Bill by over a week , trying to add real “junk” into the Bill . Got some bad things , having nothing to do with those affected by the Virus , included . Republicans need their votes until we WIN BACK THE HOUSE IN 2020 !
This day , sir .	Congratulations to the Kansas City Chiefs on a great game and a fantastic comeback under immense pressure . We are proud of you and the Great State of Missouri . You are true Champions !
I will the matter , sir , on the matter .	So selfish for Elizabeth Warren to stay in the race . She has Zero chance of even coming close to winning , but hurts Bernie badly . So much for their wonderful liberal friendship . Will he ever speak to her again ? She cost him Massachusetts ( and came in third ) , he shouldn’t !
.	Our thoughts are with the two LASDHQ Sheriff Deputies who were shot in Los Angeles . We send our love and support to their families and we pray to God for their recovery .
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you !
These are the work of her again .	“In the House , the President got less due process than the 9-11 terrorists got . This is a corrupt process ? ” Mark Levin marklevinshow “Very much so ! ” RepDougCollins FoxNews
What ’ s a ”	Wow ! foxandfriends blew away the competition of Morning Joke ( which did very poorly ) on MSDNC ( Another Comcast sleaze production ) , and CNN’s New Day , in the Morning Television Ratings . A total blowout , but that’s what you get when you treat “Trump” fairly !
What , you are the matter !	So true . OBAMAGATE !
We ’ s a mighty sun ’ s bond .	So Great !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Thank you Ryan . Working hard !
.	. . . replied “Yes , Absolutely . ” Biden calls for abolishing cash bail and closing prisons — and Biden even called law enforcement “the ENEMY . ” Biden’s anti-police crusade must STOP . Furthermore , the corporations funding anti-police organizations should instead give their money . . .
What ’ s a man !	. . . to the families of crime victims and fallen officers . In the Republican Party , we know that police officers are not villains , but HEROES who risk their lives to KEEP US SAFE 24/7/365 !
Our ’ s men ’ s a well .	Thank you !
.	A great show ! Check it out tonight at 9pm . FoxNews
Great office !	“FBI Director apologizes for FISA Errors ( of which there were far to many to be a coincidence ! ) . ” FoxNews Chris , what about all of the lives that were ruined because of the so-called “errors ? ” Are these “dirty cops” going to pay a big price for the fraud they committed ?
I thank you !	This is the biggest political crime and scandal in American history . Hopefully , for the good of our Country , it is coming soon !
Great ’ s a man !	Polls say they BOTH lose to “Trump” .
Shall be the Shall be the people .	For the entire summer , Joe Biden was SILENT as left-wing mobs assaulted police officers . When Biden’s far-left supporters set fire to police cars , precinct stations , and courthouses , Joe Biden called them “PEACEFUL PROTESTORS . ” When asked if he would cut police funding , Biden . . .
What news !	Michigan sends absentee ballot applications to 7 . 7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election . This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State . I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path !
I thank you .	. . . . beaten Sleepy Joe in a LANDSLIDE , every State , if these events didn’t happen . Even if Warren just dropped out , he would have easily won . Dems did it to him with Crooked Hillary and now , even more so . . . and Bernie doesn’t even complain . VOTE for Trump on TRADE , better than BS !
Great ’ s a man !	This is what happens to someone who loyally gets appointed Attorney General of the United States &; then doesn’t have the wisdom or courage to stare down &; end the phony Russia Witch Hunt . Recuses himself on FIRST DAY in office , and the Mueller Scam begins !
Will be tonight by the people .	Crazy !
I thank you !	People have no idea how Fake the Lamestream Media is !
I thank you !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then , KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! ! ! !
Who ’ s a	The Tulsa , Oklahoma area has been approved for a transportation loan from the USDOT of up to $120M to help expand highway on the Gilcrease Expressway West Project . This will mean less congestion and faster routes to popular spots ! GovStitt
The Moor is not a man ’ s the earth of the earth .	We have sent our best Military &; FEMA Teams , already there . Governor must now “set you free” to help . Will be with you soon !
A foul world !	If you murder a police officer , you should receive the death penalty !
What ’ s the duke comes to her lord , when it comes to be the matter , and the matter is the duke ’ s men ’ s bed , and come to be a thing comes to be a work .	Going to be a BAD day for Crazy Bernie !
The matter on the business of this business of this is the best of the best .	On #NationalDoctorsDay , we recognize the remarkable men &; women who treat their fellow Americans , find cures for the diseases &; illnesses we face , and never waver in their efforts to treat every patient with the dignity , respect , and empathy they deserve .
What ’ s a one else the new of his life .	I will be going to the Great State of Tennessee on Friday . The USA stands with the people of Tennessee 100% , whatever they need ! The tornadoes were of record size &; velocity . God bless your loved ones &; all of the families affected ! Thanks to GovBillLee &; MarshaBlackburn
Call it her men again In her men ’ s a bed , and a bed !	I’m with the TRUCKERS all the way . Thanks for the meeting at the White House with my representatives from the Administration . It is all going to work out well !
What was to it !	True , with number 1 being more important !
Faith , great great office !	Cases , numbers and deaths are going down all over the Country !
What 's , see you tomorrow .	After yesterday’s statement , Sleepy Joe Biden is no longer worthy of the Black Vote !
True .	. FoxNews should fire their Fake Pollster . Never had a good Fox Poll !
Call it on a bed and her !	. . . . Together , we built the greatest economy in history . We will do it again – better than ever before !
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	Great call with thousands of our Hispanic community , business , and faith leaders today . During this national trial , we have been uplifted by the grit , determination , prayers , and patriotism of Hispanic Americans . . . .
.	The Democrat Party in the Great Commonwealth of Virginia are working hard to take away your 2nd Amendment rights . This is just the beginning . Don’t let it happen , VOTE REPUBLICAN in 2020 !
.	The great people of Montana can have no better VOICE than Senator SteveDaines . He is doing an incredible job ! Whoever the Democrat nominee may be , please understand that I will be working hard with Steve all the way , &; last night I was 20 for 20 ( per GOPLeader ) . WE NEED STEVE !
What , I think you !	Why doesn’t FoxNews put up the CNBC POLL or the ( believe it or not ! ) CNN Poll ? Hope Roger A is looking down and watching what has happened to this once beautiful creation !
I will be a one of her ” A ” A plague upon the matter .	China is on a massive disinformation campaign because they are desperate to have Sleepy Joe Biden win the presidential race so they can continue to rip-off the United States , as they have done for decades , until I came along !
He ’ s but a times of her chamber the fashion of the fashion of the office !	. . . . It all comes from the top . They could have easily stopped the plague , but they didn’t !
say , sir , that ’ s a morning .	“Concast” should open up a long overdue Florida Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough . I know him and Crazy Mika well , used them beautifully in the last Election , dumped them nicely , and will state on the record that he is “nuts” . Besides , bad ratings ! #OPENJOECOLDCASE
Call her her “ Who ’ s her ” Call her her her again .	Great Jobs Numbers !
It is a more by the reason of the reason !	Well deserved Jack . A great honor !
Call you the and her men ’ s bed .	Beautiful evening in Henderson , Nevada with Great American Patriots . Thank you ! #MAGA
Out , and her that ’ s bed , and it !	They didn’t want John Bolton and others in the House . They were in too much of a rush . Now they want them all in the Senate . Not supposed to be that way !
Out and a more than the more !	I hope the House and Senate Democrats , in particular watch this . It is a classic . Thank you to JudgeJeanine Pirro !
Why , a great more than a great him . ” it ’ s a great a great and be so .	Our pathetic , slow moving Federal Reserve , headed by Jay Powell , who raised rates too fast and lowered too late , should get our Fed Rate down to the levels of our competitor nations . They now have as much as a two point advantage , with even bigger currency help . Also , stimulate !
Faith , a bed ’ s a more than ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ ll be .	Getting great reviews , finally , for how well we are handling the pandemic , especially our strong production of desperately needed ventilators , the building of field hospitals &; beds , and soon , the great things we are doing on testing . People are really working well together !
!	White House news conference at 5:00 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	Wow ! If Elizabeth Warren wasn’t in the race , Bernie Sanders would have EASILY won Massachusetts , Minnesota and Texas , not to mention various other states . Our modern day Pocahontas won’t go down in history as a winner , but she may very well go down as the all time great SPOILER !
I thank you and him !	Chicago‘s Fraternal Order of Police Endorses Donald Trump for Reelection via BreitbartNews
Such a one comes of her that the people ’ s people come from these people ?	AndeyR . Thanks Andey .
He did , but that have any man to this great people ?	Spokesman speaks stupidly on behalf of China , trying desperately to deflect the pain and carnage that their country spread throughout the world . Its disinformation and propaganda attack on the United States and Europe is a disgrace . . . .
Good my lord , to our great First !	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is now asking for “fairness” , when he and the Democrat House members worked together to make sure I got ZERO fairness in the House . So , what else is new ?
I thank you !	The Federal Reserve must be a leader , not a very late follower , which it has been !
The the matter , that I have been with the worst , that we are the worst !	The Mayor of Los Angeles , ericgarcetti , is dealing with us trying to get the Federal Government to fix the terrible problem he and the Dems have caused with the homeless , and the horrendous effects it is having on the City , which is a mess . I then watch him talk “trash” on me !
What ’ s a man !	And I’m Endorsing you also Lacy , you truly deserve it . You are doing a great job , and Omar is a disaster who wants much higher taxes , hates our Military &; our Vets , demands Open Borders , and is fighting to take away our great 2nd Amendment . Good luck Lacy !
What , a more than a more !	. 60Minutes &; third place anchor , NorahODonnell , are doing everything in their power to demean our Country , much to the benefit of the Radical Left Democrats . Tonight they put on yet another Fake “Whistleblower” , a disgruntled employee who supports Dems , fabricates stories , &; . . .
What ’ s a great men ’ s great look !	We can’t let the Fake News , and their partner , the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , get away with stealing the Election . They tried that in 2016 . How did that work out ?
Great !	Wow !
What ’ s the new and a man ’ s man !	There is another Russia , Russia , Russia meeting today . It is headed up by corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff , so I wouldn’t expect too much ! DHS_Wolf
They did me to be at her that , Who I will be there .	Mini Mike Bloomberg just “quit” the race for President . I could have told him long ago that he didn’t have what it takes , and he would have saved himself a billion dollars , the real cost . Now he will pour money into Sleepy Joe’s campaign , hoping to save face . It won’t work !
No wonder I have a hair of my hair !	Pelosi and Schumer only interested in Bailout Money for poorly run Democrat cities and states . Nothing to do with China Virus ! Want one trillion dollars . No interest . We are going a different way !
They are one of the worst that are in the business .	Thank you Rudy ! JudgeJeanine
What a house !	Thank you Mike !
The time is here to be very much and the very .	Great lineup on FoxNews tonight with JesseBWatters , JudgeJeanine and &; greggutfeld . All starts at 8:00 P . M . Will be discussing and explaining the Impeachment Hoax !
Thanks .	Republicans love the biggest Tax Cuts , Rebuilt Military , Choice for Vets , saving 2nd Amendment and many other things my Administration has done , but what they love beyond all else is 252 ( so far ! ) Federal Judges , not including two great Supreme Court Justices . A Big Record !
Call her her .	THANK YOU ! #RollingToRemember
Who ’ s a ”	Nancy Pelosi just said , “I don’t know if we can be ready this week . ” In other words , it’s off to vacation for the Do Nothing Democrats . That’s been the story with them for 1 1/2 years !
Call her her .	Law Enforcement has been notified . Be careful tough guys who you play with !
Great !	Mini Mike Bloomberg will now FIRE Tim O’Brien , and all of the fools and truly dumb people who got him into this MESS . This has been the worst , and most embarrassing , experience of his life . . . and now on to Sleepy Joe !
Great !	Mexico is sadly experiencing very big CoronaVirus problems , and now California , get this , doesn’t want people coming over the Southern Border . A Classic ! They are sooo lucky that I am their President . Border is very tight and the Wall is rapidly being built !
Call her her .	“New York Governor Cuomo says President Trump has been “very helpful . ” foxandfriends Thank you , everybody is working very hard !
Call her a bed !	. . . We will be having a conference call on Sunday with President Macron , leaders of Lebanon , and leaders from various other parts of the world . Everyone wants to help !
I thank you , a great together .	USA ! USA ! USA !
Call her her “ Call her her again .	Our CoronaVirus Team has been doing a great job . Even Democrat governors have been VERY complimentary !
Call it .	. . . But , just like the people of West Virginia will no longer look at weak &; pathetic Joe Manchin the same ( I got the Pension Bill approved , Manchin couldn’t do it ) , the wonderful people of Utah will never look at “grandstander” Mitt Romney with anything but contempt &; disgust !
The a thing , We were long of her , that ’ s all the long .	Can’t say I mind the fact that the great people of West Virginia are furious at their puppet Democrat Senator , Joe Manchin . They will never forget his phony vote on the Impeachment Hoax . All he had to do is read the Transcripts , sadly , which he wouldn’t understand anyway . . . . .
You must be true ?	Mini Mike , “Three months ago I entered the race for President to defeat Donald Trump , ( and I failed miserably ! ) .
A more .	I watched a portion of low rated ( very ) Morning Psycho ( Joe ) this Morning in order to see what Nancy Pelosi had to say , &; what moves she was planning to further hurt our Country . Actually , other than her usual complaining that I’m a terrible person , she wasn’t bad . Still praying !
Call her a bed !	I will be doing a news conference on the ChinaVirus , the just announced very good economic numbers , and the improving economy , at 7pm from Bedminster , New Jersey . Also , the subject of the Beirut , Lebanon catastrophe will be discussed .
We did great things , but it to the matter .	Thank you to everyone for all of the great reviews I have gotten on my State of the Union Speech . It was an immense honor for me to have presented it to you and the citizens of our very strong and wonderful Country !
Call her her .	Ronald Reagan’s great economist , the recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom , has just said great things about a Payroll Tax Cut !
We will still defend .	With interest rates for the United States being at ZERO , this is the time to do our decades long awaited Infrastructure Bill . It should be VERY BIG &; BOLD , Two Trillion Dollars , and be focused solely on jobs and rebuilding the once great infrastructure of our Country ! Phase 4
Call her !	State of Nevada “thinks” that they can send out illegal vote by mail ballots , creating a great Voter Fraud scenario for the State and the USA They can’t ! If they do , “I think” I can hold up funds to the State . Sorry , but you must not cheat in elections . RussVought45 USTreasury
Call her her again .	Some wacko in China just released a statement blaming everybody other than China for the Virus which has now killed hundreds of thousands of people . Please explain to this dope that it was the “incompetence of China” , and nothing else , that did this mass Worldwide killing !
What ’ s a man !	. . . . Roger Stone has been treated very unfairly . How about that jury Forewoman , does anybody think that was fair . DISGRACEFUL ! Stay tuned . FoxNews And guys like Low Ratings Psycho Joe Scarborough are allowed to walk the streets ? Open Cold Case !
Call her her .	I am proud to announce that the Maryland Aviation Administration ( MdAviation ) will receive $87 . 8M in CARES Act Airport Grants funding to support aviation and keep commerce moving at this important gateway to the USA Capital Region . Very important for economic recovery !
Who ’ s a more ’ s bed .	Over 120 MILLION Economic Impact Payments have already gone out to hardworking Americans ! If you haven’t yet received your payment , go to and click on “GET MY PAYMENT” to receive your money FAST !
Call her her “ Call her her again !	Today , it was my great honor to address the LatinoCoalition Legislative Summit . With the hard work , love &; devotion of millions of incredible Hispanic-Americans , our Country is thriving , our people are prospering , and our future has never looked brighter !
Call her her again .	Big wins in Tennessee and Kansas ! Congratulations to BillHagertyTN and RogerMarshallMD . They love our Country and they love their Great States . Strong on Crime , Military , our Vets and the Second Amendment . They have my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What would be the people ’ s the matter !	Congratulations to the Great State of Tennessee . You’ve got yourselves a fantastic football team . Big WIN last night !
Call her her “ Call her her ” .	The feeling of many about MittRomney !
Who ’ s a ”	Hope you liked this !
Will be a one of her tonight .	My team is closely monitoring the flooding in Central Michigan – Stay SAFE and listen to local officials . Our brave First Responders are once again stepping up to serve their fellow citizens , THANK YOU !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	Now that our Country is “Transitioning back to Greatness” , I am considering rescheduling the G-7 , on the same or similar date , in Washington , D . C . , at the legendary Camp David . The other members are also beginning their COMEBACK . It would be a great sign to all - normalization !
So !	AndreaMoorehous . Thanks .
I thank you !	$49 . 8M is on its way to DallasLoveField Airport to aid in economic recovery . This Federal funding will support aviation in the Dallas area &; keep aviation workers on the job &; commerce moving at one of our important medium hub airports . Proud to support our friends in Dallas !
Who , her “ Call her her ” !	MSDNC and FAKE NEWS CNN are going wild trying to protect China !
Who , her men ’ s her men ’ s call .	Pandering Mini Mike Bloomberg , along with his wacky friend , Tom Steyer , have found out the hard way that you can’t buy the election ! They both wish they had it to do over again !
I thank you !	Great news for the Dallas area ! Dallas Area Rapid Transit ( DART ) will be receiving $229M in funding to keep front line workers , and the many riders that depend on transit , employed and safe . This will be critical to economic recovery ! GregAbbott_TX dartmedia
I will be seen , her that ’ s her work today .	Will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Enjoy !
Faith , a man !	Congratulations to serenawilliams on another big win . She is a great player and an even greater person . Our members in Virginia ( Tennis ) will never forget you !
Will be the on the cause of her !	Leading also in New Hampshire and most states . The Fake News hates to report this , but you will see on November 3rd .
If the men ’ ll be gone , and he will be gone .	Thank you Mike !
His time , Who ’ s a time !	THANK YOU #USNSComfort !
For a bed is two two !	Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus ! This means CDC , HHSGov , and DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low . This is great news for our Health , our Economy , and our Nation !
The upon their bad , that should be many of many of many of the many of their heels !	Two stone cold losers from Amazon WP . Almost every story is a made up lie , just like corrupt pol Shifty Schiff , who fraudulently made up my call with Ukraine . Fiction !
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	Under my administration , we will NEVER make excuses for America’s enemies – we will never hesitate in defending American lives – and we will never stop working to defeat Radical Islamic Terrorism !
True !	The DNC on Bernie Sanders , “Looks like they’re going to do it to him again , doesn’t it ? ” SteveDoocy foxandfriends
The York must be the York , sir , The place are the place are the place .	STRONG &; UNITED , WE WILL PREVAIL !
A “ Shall be a ” to her ”	. . . . beginning , was forced to apologize ( Fake News ! ) after the seriously wrong call of the 2016 Election , and is now willing to write anything , even if not truthful . He laughs at his boss , Publisher A . G . Sulzberger , and I laugh at them all . The nytimes is a total mess !
Why .	. deanbaquet is to be seriously respected . He has long been considered one of the dumbest men in the world of journalism , and he became Executive Editor of the Failing New York Times . Not easy to do . He has given up on “figuring Trump out” . Called it all wrong from the . . . .
What ’ s a man !	. . . . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and Second Amendment . Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin , is a big Tax Cutter , and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Vote for Tom Tiffany !
The purpose hath lost in her men ’ s office .	Tom Tiffany ( TomTiffanyWI ) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin ( WI07 ) . We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again ! He will Fight for Small Business , supports our Incredible Farmers , Loves our Military and our Vets . . . .
But I love her that her be so , and so , and so , and do so , and so , and that I do so , and her men .	Thank you SenateGOP !
Faith , a fair was a fair and fair ear .	Congress has agreed to provide $8 Billion to fight Coronavirus ! This means CDCgov , HHSGov , and DHSgov will have the resources they need to Keep America Safe and keep the risk to workers and families very low . This is great news for our Health , our Economy , and our Nation !
What ’ s a man !	To the leaders of Iran - DO NOT KILL YOUR PROTESTERS . Thousands have already been killed or imprisoned by you , and the World is watching . More importantly , the USA is watching . Turn your internet back on and let reporters roam free ! Stop the killing of your great Iranian people !
Upon my way to the Great was of her , And now you now .	Vote MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th ! His opponent ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers , and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay . Now she’s mocking our Great Vets ! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25 !
I thank you and her ?	3 years ago , after Jeff Sessions recused himself , the Fraudulent Mueller Scam began . Alabama , do not trust Jeff Sessions . He let our Country down . That’s why I endorsed Coach Tommy Tuberville ( TTuberville ) , the true supporter of our #MAGA agenda !
Why !	Sleepy Joe Biden just agreed with the Radical Left Democrats to raise Taxes by Three Trillion Dollars . Everyone will pay - Will kill your Stocks , 401k’s , and the ECONOMY . BIG CRASH ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ”	The Dems are crazed , they will do anything . Honesty &; truth don’t matter to them . They are badly wounded . Iowa vote count was a disaster for them !
Call her !	George GStephanopoulos , ask Crazy Nancy why she allowed Adam “Shifty” Schiff to totally make up my conversation with the Ukrainian President &; read his false words to Congress and the world , as though I said it ? He got caught ! Ask why hearing was most unfair &; biased in history ?
True !	LindseyGrahamSC
Who and her “ Call her again !	Just departed the WhiteHouse for the Great State of Michigan !
.	Ashley Hinson ( hinsonashley ) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa ! She will fight for our Military , Vets , Small Businesses , &; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda ! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IA01
I thank you , Who , you , ’ s ’ s love .	Great meeting on Capitol Hill with the SenateGOP !
But , ’ s the all tonight in the sun ’ s bed !	. . . And they say you can add 7% to 10% to all Trump numbers ! Who knows ?
I thank you !	Major News Conference in Ten Minutes !
What to be a man .	John Kerry got caught essentially admitting that funds given ridiculously to Iran were used to fund attacks on the USA . Only a complete fool would have given that 150 Billion Dollars Plus to Iran . They then went on a Middle East Rampage ! foxandfriends PeteHegseth
Who , her men ’ s her good again — A good ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun and work .	It was exactly three years ago today , January 20 , 2017 , that I was sworn into office . So appropriate that today is also MLK jr DAY . African-American Unemployment is the LOWEST in the history of our Country , by far . Also , best Poverty , Youth , and Employment numbers , ever . Great !
Let them be in a thank you , sir !	I hope Republicans &; the American people realize that the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax is exacty that , a Hoax . Read the Transcripts , listen to what the President &; Foreign Minister of Ukraine said ( “No Pressure” ) . Nothing will ever satisfy the Do Nothing , Radical Left Dems !
What ’ s a song of her mad !	I grew up in New York City and , over many years , got to watch how GREAT NYC’s “Finest” are . Now , because of weak leadership at Governor &; Mayor , stand away ( water thrown at them ) regulations , and lack of support , our wonderful NYC police are under assault . Stop this now !
For ’ s his men ’ s her in the people ?	Thank you , keep up the great work !
It will be fast and be so fast !	. . . . Hahn , Richard Goodstein , Donna Brazile , Niel Cavuto , and many others . They repeat the worst of the Democrat speaking points , and lies . All of the good is totally nullified , and more . Net Result = BAD ! CNN &; MSDNC are all in for the Do Nothing Democrats ! Fox WAS Great !
What think these men are not yet but yet .	Many will disagree , but FoxNews is doing nothing to help Republicans , and me , get re-elected on November 3rd . Sure , there are some truly GREAT people on Fox , but you also have some real “garbage” littered all over the network , people like Dummy Juan Williams , Schumerite Chris . . .
Call it a a very better her again .	Lisa Scheller ( SchellerforPA ) will fight for the incredible people of Pennsylvania in Congress ! She strongly supports our Military , Vets , Small Businesses and the Second Amendment . Lisa has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA07
Great morning , by the morning !	If you like automobils , how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars , as quickly as possible , especially if they are powered by gasoline . Remember also , no more than one car per family . I , on the other hand , have new plants being built all over Michigan , Plus !
I thank you , sir , ’ s a bed !	“The only thing we got wrong is that it was even worse ( the corruption ) than we thought . ” Jim_Jordan DIRTY COPS !
I am the house in the house , The best hath the best of the best am I am .	. . . . and then helped to fund them . . . And zero progress was made on curbing those activities , until Trump droned Soleimani . . . Plainly , Trump is not a warmonger . He’s a deal maker &; his record is that of someone who uses our military might as a deterrent , unleashes it with . . . .
All too long .	If you like automobiles , how can you vote for a Democrat who all want to get rid of cars , as quickly as possible , especially if they are powered by gasoline . Remember also , no more than one car per family . I , on the other hand , have new plants being built all over Michigan , Plus !
A one that ’ s a man ?	DOJ: Democrats Paid Pennsylvania Election Officials to Stuff Ballot Box via BreitbartNews
A time , a crown by the course of him .	How do you think China , Russia , Japan or others would do with him in a negotiation ? We would have no Country left ! ! !
Good !	David Young ( YoungForIowa ) is a champion for Iowa ! He helped us pass the Trump Tax Cuts and he will always fight for our Small Businesses , Military , the Second Amendment and our Great Farmers ! David has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #IA03
What ’ s the more in her ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	. . . . discretion , and only as a last resort . ” Thank you to the great Michael Goodwin . Could not have said it better myself !
I ’ s great French than a great hours and a great people , and a great a great a great a great hours .	I will NEVER allow our great Second Amendment to go unprotected , not even a little bit !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s the crown !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Why !	Republicans in Iowa , go out and Caucus today . Your great Trade Deals with China , Mexico , Canada , Japan , South Korea and more , are DONE . Great times are coming , after waiting for decades , for our Farmers , Ranchers , Manufacturers and ALL . Nobody else could have pulled this off !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ” The work of her ’ s gone !	KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
Great night !	I am far better on HealthCare than the Democrats !
Call the her in the more ’ s soldier .	The Fake News said I played golf today , and I did NOT ! I had meeting in various locations , while closely monitoring the USA Embassy situation in Iraq , which I am still doing . The Corrupt Lamestream Media knew this but , not surprisingly , failed to report or correct !
I thank you !	Just for a little change of pace !
Who ’ s a Peace for her men ’ s never ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s work of her Peace and her men ’ s bed	. . . . Iran will be held fully responsible for lives lost , or damage incurred , at any of our facilities . They will pay a very BIG PRICE ! This is not a Warning , it is a Threat . Happy New Year !
I thank you !	The USA Embassy in Iraq is , & , has been for hours , SAFE ! Many of our great Warfighters , together with the most lethal military equipment in the world , was immediately rushed to the site . Thank you to the President & , Prime Minister of Iraq for their rapid response upon request . . . .
Why !	All is well ! Missiles launched from Iran at two military bases located in Iraq . Assessment of casualties & , damages taking place now . So far , so good ! We have the most powerful and well equipped military anywhere in the world , by far ! I will be making a statement tomorrow morning .
Where is the ?	This is a direct &; dangerous threat to the USA Supreme Court by Schumer . If a Republican did this , he or she would be arrested , or impeached . Serious action MUST be taken NOW !
What ’ s a man knows her !	“This guy ( Peter Strzok ) was organizing a coup to undo the 2016 election . ” Rachel Campos-Duffy FoxNews And he wasn’t the only one in that Administration . The greatest Witch Hunt in American history !
Call her her “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s her ” !	. . . on 51 votes , which is procedural . You don’t need two thirds . ” Brad Blakeman FoxNews A great lawyer & , person . Thank you Brad !
What a man ’ s her ” to her ” !	“It’s my opinion as a lawyer that the Articles of Impeachment are defective on their face , which means I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss and have this disbursed without the necessity of a trial . I don’t think there should be a trial . I think it should be dismissed . . . .
.	Best unemployment numbers in the history of our Country . Best employment number EVER , almost 160 million people working right now . Vote Republican , unless you want to see these numbers obliterated !
Faith , a man !	Congressman Dan Meuser ( Meuser4Congress ) is a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania ! Dan loves our Military , Vets and the Second Amendment – a real supporter of our #MAGA agenda . Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA09
Great to be in his bed !	Where’s the Whistleblower ? Where’s the second Whistleblower ? Where’s the Informer ? Why did Corrupt politician Schiff MAKE UP my conversation with the Ukrainian President ? ? ? Why didn’t the House do its job ? And sooo much more !
Take it .	Michael Goodwin , New York Post: “Trump’s peace through strength philosophy is what America needs . His ( John Kerry ) claim bears no relation to reality . The Agreement didn’t create opportunities for America &; other signatories to confront Iran’s malign activities . It overlooked . . . .
Faith , a man !	Nancy can’t fix it . The Do Nothing Dems have done great harm to our Country !
A men ’ s bed .	Join me Friday ( 10/16 ) in Ocala , Florida at the Ocala International Airport at 4:00pmE ! #MAGA
What ’ s a great men , and a great Love ?	Congressman Lloyd Smucker ( LloydSmuckerPA ) is working hard for the people of Pennsylvania ! Lloyd strongly supports the Second Amendment , and he’s fighting for our incredible Workers , Military and Vets . Lloyd has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA11
What ’ s a man !	THANK YOU MISSISSIPPI ! #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ”	Exciting to see our Country starting to open up again !
What , I ’ ll be the matter to her ?	The Republican Party has not yet voted on a Platform . No rush . I prefer a new and updated Platform , short form , if possible .
True !	“Pelosi has made a mockery of Impeachment . Her Articles are so weak . But more importantly , she thought she could extort the Senate . She couldn’t . ” GreggJarrett foxandfriends The Do Nothing Democrats are really run by the Radical Left . Too bad !
Look in this man ’ s a more news by the news !	Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will recieve the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week !
.	Congressman Scott Perry ( PatriotsPerry ) is an incredible fighter for Pennsylvania ! He served our country as an Army General and now he fights for our Seniors , Vets , Military , and the Second Amendment . Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA10
What ’ s the people had her men to her ” to her ” ?	Join me Friday ( 10/16 ) evening at 7:00pmE in Macon , Georgia at the Middle Georgia Regional Airport ! #MAGA
Will be a one of her tonight .	THANK YOU MISSOURI ! #KAG2020
She is gone further than it is not .	A big winner . Congratulations !
.	Hello !
Who ’ s a ”	Oil prices moving up nicely as demand begins again !
Will be a Cassio on her ” — Who , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more than by the matter .	THANK YOU MICHIGAN ! #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ”	OIL ( ENERGY ) IS BACK ! ! ! !
I thank you !	LOSER !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	Sleepy Joe is wrong again !
Great a office , you ’ t , ’ s ’ s part !	Congressman Fred Keller ( VoteFredKeller ) has been doing a phenomenal job in Congress since his special election ! He strongly supports our Vets , Small Businesses , Workers , and the Second Amendment . Fred has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA12
Shall be come to the place , and brought in their end , and there , let me come to the day !	Congressman Glenn “GT” Thompson ( GT_TeamGT ) is a hard worker for Pennsylvania ! The "Dean of the Delegation" , he strongly supports our incredible Farmers , Vets and the Second Amendment . “GT” has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA15
I thank you ’ s a bed !	Many people do not know what a great guy &; fantastic political talent the great Rush Limbaugh is . There is nobody like him . Looking for a speedy recovery for our friend !
I thank you !	Heading to Arizona !
Who ’ s a ”	So the so-called HHS Whistleblower was against HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE . Then why did he make , and sign , an emergency use authorization ? NorahODonnell said , “He shared his concerns with a reporter . ” In other words , he LEAKED . A dumb 60Minutes hit job on a grandstanding Never Trumper !
Who ’ s a ”	We are with them !
You will give her bed her men have thank you .	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
We ’ ll be the more of her ’ s ’ s the matter !	“Do you think Suburban Women want to Defund the Police ? I don’t think so . ” marcthiessen
I thank you !	There can be few things worse in a civilized , law abiding nation , than a United States Senator openly , and for all to see and hear , threatening the Supreme Court or its Justices . This is what Chuck Schumer just did . He must pay a severe price for this !
Your mother is a mother !	Great idea . This phony Impeachment Hoax should not even be allowed to proceed . Did NOTHING wrong . Just a partisan vote . Zero Republicans . Never happened before !
Who ’ s a ”	Great news ! American families will now be able to buy safer , more affordable , and environmentally friendly cars with our new SAFE VEHICLES RULE . Get rid of those old , unsafe clunkers . Build better and safer American cars and create American jobs . Buy American !
The men ’ s men ’ s people have a people .	. . . . ( which is under siege ) , is strong on Crime and the Border , and truly LOVES our Military and our Vets . He will be a great Senator for the people of Alabama . Coach Tommy Tuberville , a winner , has my Complete and Total Endorsement . I love Alabama !
Call ’ s the world ’ s lost or lost !	Tommy Tuberville ( TTuberville ) is running for the USA Senate from the Great State of Alabama . Tommy was a terrific head football coach at Auburn University . He is a REAL LEADER who will never let MAGA/KAG , or our Country , down ! Tommy will protect your Second Amendment . . . .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Another $298M heading to MTA , adding up to over $2B in federal funding from USDOT so far , part of the $3 . 9B total from the CARES Act . This is critical to keeping essential personnel moving and aiding metro NYC in recovery . We are here for the people of New York !
Who is a good that is it in him .	Congressman Mike Kelly ( MikeKellyforPA ) is an incredible advocate for Pennsylvania ! He fights to Lower your Taxes , Create Jobs , Protect our Borders , and Defend the Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA16
You all the way , you thank you !	Interview with HARRISFAULKNER at 1:00 P . M . on FoxNews , Outnumbered Overtime
We ’ s years since he was , he have been more than he ’ s again !	Governors should let roads and highway construction begin before heavy traffic starts , which will be soon . Some Governors never stopped , which proved to be very smart . They built and fixed roads during long no traffic periods . Also , saved big dollars !
We have more than the more than the more ’ s more .	Happy 245th Birthday to our GREAT USNavy ! #Navy245
The matter will be but be with her men .	Why did Nervous Nancy allow corrupt politician Shifty Schiff to lie before Congress ? He must be a Witness , and so should she !
Why , is the her that she is a her .	Heading to Davos , Switzerland , to meet with World and Business Leaders and bring Good Policy and additional Hundreds of Billions of Dollars back to the United States of America ! We are now NUMBER ONE in the Universe , by FAR ! !
Will be a one of her live from the from the other of her .	My Administration is helping USA auto workers by replacing the failed Obama Emissions Rule . Impossible to satisfy its Green New Deal Standard; Lots of unnecessary and expensive penalties to car buyers !
Who ’ s a ” Come ?	Early voting is underway in the Great States of GEORGIA and TEXAS . Find out where to early vote by clicking below ! #MAGA
Call her her forth again .	Retired Four Star General Jack Keane will receive the PRESIDENTIAL MEDAL OF FREEDOM next week !
Will be a one of her live from the from the other of her .	DeFace the Nation will tell LindseyGrahamSC that he must start up Judiciary and not stop until the job is done . Clean up D . C . now , last chance !
What ’ s a crown , her ’ s more than the our our our peace by our us	. . . . On Monday , the flags will be at half-staff in honor of the men and women in our Military who have made the Ultimate Sacrifice for our Nation .
I have so with this .	I will be lowering the flags on all Federal Buildings and National Monuments to half-staff over the next three days in memory of the Americans we have lost to the CoronaVirus . . . .
And the every one of her call .	Sean ( SeanParnellUSA ) has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA17
Why to the people he ’ s hear a ” ’ s the matter .	Seattle Mayor says , about the anarchists takeover of her city , “it is a Summer of Love” . These Liberal Dems don’t have a clue . The terrorists burn and pillage our cities , and they think it is just wonderful , even the death . Must end this Seattle takeover now !
The day of the Great soldier of the morning .	THANK YOU NORTH DAKOTA ! #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ”	Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did nothing wrong . Read the Transcripts ! Hose Republicans voted 195-0 , plus we got three Dems . Very unfair to tens of millions of voters !
Who ’ s a ”	Texas Rep Roger Williams ( RepRWilliams ) has done an incredible job representing the Great State of Texas . Roger is tough on Crime , Strong on the Border &; Illegal Immigration . He loves our Military &; our Vets and protects our #2A . Roger has my Total &; Complete Endorsement !
The people ’ s people .	“Sen . Tim Scott Says Trump 'Innocent , ' 'No Way' Senate Convicts”
The a more of the other of a matter .	Congressman Guy Reschenthaler ( reschenthaler ) is doing tremendous work for the people of Pennsylvania ! A Navy veteran , Guy strongly supports our Vets , Borders , and always votes to uphold the Rule of Law . Guy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA14
He will to a very born to him !	Congressman John Joyce ( JohnJoyceForPA ) is a fighter for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania ! John loves our Vets , Military and Small Businesses and always defends Life and the Second Amendment . John has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA13
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My proposal to the politically correct Automobile Companies would lower the average price of a car to consumers by more than $3500 , while at the same time making the cars substantially safer . Engines would run smoother . Positive impact on the environment ! Foolish executives !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	. . . We need Corky in Washington – he has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NHSEN
Who ’ s a ”	THANK YOU WASHINGTON ! #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ”	Corky Messner ( CorkyForSenate ) will be a fantastic Senator for New Hampshire ! A West Point graduate , he served our Country in the Army with distinction . Strong on Jobs , Crime , Vets , Military and the Second Amendment . . .
Why , like a man and let ’ s bed With more ' s With the other and like a more ’ s and let ’ s bed With more ’ s again With his bed With his bed With one ’ s With more again With	Biden Handlers know this is a lie !
Is the one that should be so under that They have some call her .	. . . . protecting people with Pre-existing conditions . He has done nothing on Healthcare , cost or otherwise , or virtually anything else . An empty suit ! ! !
In the time to be the fashion and the guest !	I have done more for farmers and ranchers than any President in history , and it has been my honor in doing so !
The men of the people ’ s the men of the sun and the sun , ho !	I will be interviewed by seanhannity on FoxNews at 9:10 P . M .
Death , and he killed and vile great harm .	Pocahontas , working in conjunction with the Democrat Party , totally destroyed the campaign of Bernie Sanders . If she would have quit 3 days earlier , Sanders would have beaten Biden in a route , it wouldn’t even have been close . They also got two other losers to support Sleepy Joe !
I will be by her again tonight .	Representative John Carter ( JudgeJohnCarter ) from the Great State of Texas has been a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . He is strong on Crime and Borders , great for our Military and our Vets , and Strong on our #2A . John has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Well , they will make a great men and make the people great things !	Why should I have the stigma of Impeachment attached to my name when I did NOTHING wrong ? Read the Transcripts ! A totally partisan Hoax , never happened before . House Republicans voted 195-0 , with three Dems voting with the Republicans . Very unfair to tens of millions of voters !
What is the moon of her ’ s lost of her ” ?	We need KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia ! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military , Vets , Border Security and the Second Amendment . Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #GA06
This is false .	How dare failed Presidential Candidate ( 1% and falling ! ) CoryBooker make false charges and statements about me in addressing Judge Barrett . Illegally , never even lived in Newark when he was Mayor . Guy is a total loser ! I want better Healthcare for far less money , always . . . . .
I love her !	. . . rebuilding America’s infrastructure with projects like the Portal North Bridge , which I have given authorization to proceed !
Marry , or my lord !	Will be starting The White House news conference at 5:15 P . M . Eastern .
The one of her in the part of that I am .	Just finished dinner in Bedminster , New Jersey , with Governor Phil Murphy ( GovMurphy ) and his wonderful wife , Tammy . Talked about many things , including the opening of the beautiful Garden State , getting people back to work , and . . .
A good see the good watch of our good see !	THANK YOU IDAHO ! #KAG2020
The matter on her men ’ s crown at her ” And the matter in the matter .	“Joe Biden represents the past . President Trump represents the future . ” LisaMarieBoothe edhenry FoxNews
Great !	خطاب به رهبران ايران: معترضان خود را نكشيد . هزاران تن تاكنون به دست شما كشته يا زنداني شده اند، و جهان نظاره گر است . مهمتر از ان، ايالات متحده نظاره گر است . اينترنت را دوباره وصل كنيد و به خبرنگاران اجازه دهيد ازادانه حركت كنند ! كشتار مردم بزرگ ايران را متوقف كنيد !
I will save your people , her that ’ s the things is ’ ll take it away .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
I thank you .	Representative Randy Weber ( TxRandy14 ) of Texas has been a HUGE supporter of our #MAGA Agenda from the very beginning . Strong on Crime , the Border , Illegal Immigration , the 2nd Amendment , and our great Military &; Vets ! Randy has my Full Endorsement !
How now !	Admiral Ronny Jackson ( RonnyJackson4TX ) is a very successful doctor and Navy Veteran running for Congress in #TX13 . Strong on Crime , the Border and Agriculture — and he loves our Vets ! Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Ronny !
I thank you .	Totally Negative China Virus Reports . Hit it early and hard . Fake News is devastated . They are very bad ( and sick ! ) people !
For it is a ” it ’ s a man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a ” it is a ”	Great work AtlasAirWW , thank you !
What ’ s a man !	Dirty Cop !
What ’ s a traitor .	. . . We have already had ticket requests in excess of 200 , 000 people . I look forward to seeing everyone in Oklahoma !
Will be so with her men ’ s work with her .	. . . of respect for this Holiday , and in observance of this important occasion and all that it represents . I have therefore decided to move our rally to Saturday , June 20th , in order to honor their requests . . .
Who does her “ Who does ’ s a ”	Action must be taken !
Will be in a say “ Who , for a very man !	Everyone said it couldn’t be done . But for the first time in a generation , there will be direct flights between Serbia and Kosovo . Another win . Thanks to WHNSC Ambassador Robert O’Brien and Ambassador RichardGrenell !
I thank you .	. . . . the Ukraine Hoax that became the Impeachment Scam . Must get the ICIG answers by Friday because this is the guy who lit the fuse . So if he wants to clear his name , prove that his office is indeed incompetent . ” DevinNunes MariaBartiromo FoxNews The ICIG never wanted proof !
What ’ s that was a times her that was ’ s man ’ s times the matter that was of her ”	House Republicans investigating origins of the Ukraine Whistleblower complaint . ICIG Michael Atkinson facing serious questions . “The Democrats know the ICIG is a major problem-didn’t release his testimony . Looks so much like everything else we’ve seen , from the Russia Hoax , to . . .
You that money .	I do !
What is first in his years ’ s years .	Getting ready to land in Johnstown , Pennsylvania . Big crowd . See you soon ! ! !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	Thank you Jack !
The very of a man ’ s one of our work .	For the constant criticism from the Do Nothing Democrats and their Fake News partners , here is the newest chart on our great testing “miracle" compared to other countries . Dems and LameStream Media should be proud of the USA , instead of always ripping us down !
A one to her again .	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer was on a late night show using a false talking point over &; over again . “We don’t have enough testing , ” he would repeat , when he knows we have done a great job on Testing , just like we have on Ventilators and everything else . He lied , gave NY SALT . Run AOC !
This is the best in the best could be ?	“It’s about the Economy , stupid” , except when it comes to Trump . The fact is , the Fake News Media hates talking about the Economy , and how incredible it is !
Who hath been long a her !	As per recent Federal Court ruling , the Federal Government will be withholding funds from Sanctuary Cities . They should change their status and go non-Sanctuary . Do not protect criminals !
Call her !	Big day for JUSTICE . Congratulations John !
Those are not merry that are so merry .	Caught in the act !
God God ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of him ' s ’ s ’ s a ”	This is Fake News by the failing nytimes &; bad ratings CNN . Never suggested it although , based on all of the many things accomplished during the first 3 1/2 years , perhaps more than any other Presidency , sounds like a good idea to me !
Good a bed !	The Do Nothing Democrats and their leader , the Fake News Lamestream Media , are doing everything possible to hurt and disparage our Country . No matter what we do or say , no matter how big a win , they report that it was a loss , or not good enough . The Enemy of the People !
Look in the night , and the night .	Watch OANN , newsmax , cspan . Just arrived in Pennsylvania . Enjoy !
The day of every day . ”	30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
The very one of the very proud !	#COVIDー19
The way but they know , they are not know !	You can’t make this up ! David Kris , a highly controversial former DOJ official , was just appointed by the FISA Court to oversee reforms to the FBI’s surveillance procedures . Zero credibility . THE SWAMP ! DevinNunes MariaBartiromo FoxNews
Why , I ’ s a good good good good good good .	DOJ ?
What a common men ’ s her ?	This is a total disgrace , but just another reason that I’m going to win Michigan again !
What 's !	Looking at this strongly !
These are fools .	You mean only Democrats are allowed to do this ? But haven’t the Dems been doing this for years ? See you in court . Fight hard Republicans !
What ’ s a man !	. Scaramucci , who just made a fool of himself as he got taken apart by SteveHiltonx , only lasted 11 days in his favorite of all time Administration , before being fired for , again , making a fool of himself . Anthony is a loser who begged to come back . I said “No Thanks” .
No .	Remember this ? Happy #CincoDeMayo !
Why , a much .	Katt8808 . Thanks K .
He should have been the ghost of the ghost .	Cryin Chuck Schumer , compared to what other Senators have brought home to their states , has brought very little back to N . Y . A totally overrated loser , the one thing he has given them is SALT . He never even called me to stop it . No wonder Cuomo &; most others can’t stand him . AOC !
What ’ s the hell ’ s bed !	I NEVER said people that are feeling sick should go to work . This is just more Fake News and disinformation put out by the Democrats , in particular MSDNC . Comcast covers the CoronaVirus situation horribly , only looking to do harm to the incredible &; successful effort being made !
Call the York is gone .	The Governor of Michigan should give a little , and put out the fire . These are very good people , but they are angry . They want their lives back again , safely ! See them , talk to them , make a deal .
Call it no place to her again ?	Schumer has brought great danger to the steps of the United States Supreme Court !
Save your sister .	Wow ! Crazy Bernie Sanders is surging in the polls , looking very good against his opponents in the Do Nothing Party . So what does this all mean ? Stay tuned !
Who ’ s a ”	Congress must pass the old , and very strongly proven , deductibility by businesses on restaurants and entertainment . This will bring restaurants , and everything related , back - and stronger than ever . Move quickly , they will all be saved !
Who ’ s a ”	THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Who ’ s a ”	So now Schumer and Pelosi want to meet to make a deal . Amazing how it all works , isn’t it . Where have they been for the last 4 weeks when they were “hardliners” , and only wanted BAILOUT MONEY for Democrat run states and cities that are failing badly ? They know my phone number !
Let us hear a ” Who ’ s her ” !	He’s BOTH !
The more of the good of the good of a good .	Criminal Justice Reform . I got it done ! ! !
What think you of her ?	Thank you Johnstown , Pennsylvania !
Read an hour from a more than a more than a more than a ”	So bad !
.	Congratulations on your big UFC WIN !
.	We are getting the Commercial Fishing Industry in Maine back on track ( will be better than ever ) after suffering years of stupidity and abuse from the previous administration . Already got 5000 square miles back and available to fish . China &; E . U . told to drop their Tariffs now ! ! !
Call the last , Who in the name of great her .	“I want to commend the President for how he has handled the CoronaVirus situation , especially his early decision to shut down access into our Country from China , despite strong opposition to that decision . ” SenTomCotton Thank you Tom !
The worst of her that ’ s bed .	Thank you Gavin . Team is doing a great job !
Call her her “ Call her her her ” .	Most of the money raised by the RINO losers of the so-called “Lincoln Project” , goes into their own pockets . With what I’ve done on Judges , Taxes , Regulations , Healthcare , the Military , Vets ( Choice ! ) &; protecting our great 2A , they should love Trump . Problem is , I BEAT THEM ALL !
Why , the her that doth become a sin and the sea .	I will never let you down ! #MAGA
In the charge him and let ’ s bed and find the place .	RINO Ben Sasse , who needed my support and endorsement in order to get the Republican nomination for Senate from the GREAT State of Nebraska , has , now that he’s got it ( Thank you President T ) , gone rogue , again . This foolishness plays right into the hands of the Radical Left Dems !
The men to know ’ s her that when it be to be .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
What you and yours , and very Cassio ’ s a very of her !	Upon information and belief , Iran or its proxies are planning a sneak attack on USA troops and/or assets in Iraq . If this happens , Iran will pay a very heavy price , indeed !
Who with her ” Who ’ s her ”	This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins , China Wins . When WE Win , YOU WIN , Pennsylvania WINS , and America WINS !
Hark you , Who ’ s his head , In such a Moor ’ s such a ”	This will never get old !
Give ’ s her that her keep her to work with her that the business of her people have women ’ s women ’ s women ’ s bed with her again with her again .	. GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy informed me that I was 20 for 20 on Tuesday with respect to my Endorsement of candidates . Sadly , I didn’t get that information from the Fake News Media . They don’t report those things , or the far more than Dems cumulative votes , despite no opposition !
And what ’ s daughter hath the daughter of her daughter ’ s the French daughter , The matter of her ”	Vanity Fair Magazine , which will soon be out of business , and their third rate Fake reporters , who make up sources which don’t exist , wrote yet another phony &; boring hit piece . The facts are just the opposite . Our team is doing a great job with CoronaVirus !
Read it ’ s a ” for her men ’ s ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s more of her ”	Portland , which is out of control , should finally , after almost 3 months , bring in the National Guard . The Mayor and Governor are putting people’s lives at risk . They will be held responsible . The Guard is ready to act immediately . The Courthouse is secured by Homeland !
And that ’ s that he hath been her call it .	“President Trump is leading Joe Biden ( D ) in the battleground state of Pennsylvania 50 . 2 percent to 45 . 5 percent . . . This is significant , as it reflects a 4 . 7 percent jump from the previous survey . ”
Give the her men ’ s her from the more than the matter , ” it ’ s her ?	Concast ( NBCNews ) and Fake News CNN are going out of their way to say GREAT things about China . They are Chinese puppets who want to do business there . They use USA airwaves to help China . The Enemy of the People !
Call her her her ' last And how ’ s the last with her	Patriots !
What is now on a crown , And thou shalt have a follow , and a man !	Well run States should not be bailing out poorly run States , using CoronaVirus as the excuse ! The elimination of Sanctuary Cities , Payroll Taxes , and perhaps Capital Gains Taxes , must be put on the table . Also lawsuit indemnification &; business deductions for restaurants &; ent .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” at the people ’ s work of her ”	This is so true !
Look in the greatest summer of his summer ’ s summer ’ s the summer ’ s the summer ’ s the world ’ s the world ’ s one of her that the summer ’ s name of the summer ’ s the summer ’ s one of her	Someone needs to tell the Democrats in Congress that CoronaVirus doesn’t care what party you are in . We need to protect ALL Americans !
Call it her again for her men ’ s her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times ”	. . . It wouldn’t matter if you got ten times what was needed , it would never be good enough . Unlike other states , New York unfortunately got off to a late start . You should have pushed harder . Stop complaining &; find out where all of these supplies are going . Cuomo working hard !
What a man , and merry that I am in one , and all ’ s bed .	READ THE TRANSCRIPTS !
You thank you .	We could all learn something from this . Great interview by HerschelWalker !
For ’ s all your French hath the French daughter ’ s French ’ s ’ s the matter for the matter for the people have the people have a work of a great soldier ’ s French ’ s French ’ s men of her French hath	Somebody please explain to Cryin’ Chuck Schumer that we do have a military man in charge of distributing goods , a very talented Admiral , in fact . New York has gotten far more than any other State , including hospitals &; a hospital ship , but no matter what , always complaining . . . . .
This is the day !	Many believe that by the Senate giving credence to a trial based on the no evidence , no crime , read the transcripts , “no pressure” Impeachment Hoax , rather than an outright dismissal , it gives the partisan Democrat Witch Hunt credibility that it otherwise does not have . I agree !
Come , all the week of the matter and the matter as the matter and the matter and the matter to her chamber .	. . . . Together we will Fight for Small Businesses and Protect American Energy workers ! Shelley has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Look in the new ” Call her work her ”	Senator Shelley Moore Capito ( CapitoforWV ) is doing a tremendous job for the great people of West Virginia ! She strongly defends our Second Amendment , Supports our Veterans and is Strong on Life and the Border . . . .
The hath given it in the men of the comfort of the men ’ s work .	Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren , who was going nowhere except into Mini Mike’s head , just dropped out of the Democrat Primary . . . THREE DAYS TOO LATE . She cost Crazy Bernie , at least , Massachusetts , Minnesota and Texas . Probably cost him the nomination ! Came in third in Mass .
Did you know her men ’ s bed , And when thou art a fan , you today ?	Wow ! Congratulations to Greg Gutfeld , a one time Trump Hater who has come all the way home . His Ratings easily beat no talent Stephen Colbert , nice guy Jimmy Fallon , and wacko “last placer” Jimmy Kimmel . Greg built his show from scratch , and did a great job in doing so . FoxNews
The matter to the matter and the book of the book and the thing and the matter and the hours go to her bed and the thing and her bed and the night And the thing as the thing and the thing ’ s soldier .	Concast is known for its terrible service . On top of that they provide FAKE NEWS on MSDNC &; NBCNews . Drop them and go to a good provider !
The fast , and she is the fair — What ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	Proud citizens like you helped build this Country—and together , we are taking back our Country . We are returning power to YOU , the American People ! #MAGA
Read a great men with her that hath made in York in the York ’ s great York ’ s great York , a great York of men ’ s a work with her	Thank you to Senator Bill Cassidy of Louisiana for his very smart words on the just signed Executive Orders !
What should you be the great men of her work .	National Security Adviser suggested today that sanctions &; protests have Iran “choked off” , will force them to negotiate . Actually , I couldn’t care less if they negotiate . Will be totally up to them but , no nuclear weapons and “don’t kill your protesters . ”
The time in our lives in the crown of her looks .	. . . . Together we are putting into policy a plan to prevent , detect , treat and create a vaccine against CoronaVirus to save lives in America and the world . America will get it done !
The the people ’ s a work , not a people ’ s a work .	. . . . have been stocked up and ready long before this crisis hit . Other states are thrilled with the job we have done . Sending many Ventilators today , with thousands being built . 51 large cargo planes coming in with medical supplies . Prefer sending directly to hospitals .
The matter as the matter as the thing and the thing and the matter and the matter of the thing and the thing of the thing ’ s soldier ’ s a thing ’ s thing ’ s times	Massive amounts of medical supplies , even hospitals and medical centers , are being delivered directly to states and hospitals by the Federal Government . Some have insatiable appetites &; are never satisfied ( politics ? ) . Remember , we are a backup for them . The complainers should . . .
Who for the matter and keep your fortunes of her work .	Getting ready to land in the Great State of Arizona !
Hark to the matter with his new hours with his French than a matter , A matter and his new ” A man ’ s the new soldier .	We have narrowed the Presidential Nomination Acceptance Speech , to be delivered on the final night of the Convention ( Thursday ) , to two locations - The Great Battlefield of Gettysburg , Pennsylvania , and the White House , Washington , D . C . We will announce the decision soon !
Who ’ s her ” and her her people , and the people have the people With the people have been her men of her ” and her men ’ s her again and her ” and her ”	For years you had a President who apologized for America – now you have a President who is standing up for America , and standing up for Pennsylvania . So get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors , and GET OUT AND VOTE !
Who , thou shalt hear her men ’ s bed and more than a little of her !	Soon heading to West Point Graduation to give the Commencement Address . Will be shown live on FoxNews plus . Enjoy !
What a fair , and be merry , that ’ s one that all .	Sean Parnell is a Star . We need him in Washington to Drain the Swamp !
A very a very brave herself of a very very man !	NASDAQ UP 27% THIS YEAR ALONE !
My best will be a best herself in a soldier !	Nancy Pelosi just stated that “it is dangerous to let the voters decide Trump’s fate . ” FoxNews In other words , she thinks I’m going to win and doesn’t want to take a chance on letting the voters decide . Like Al Green , she wants to change our voting system . Wow , she’s CRAZY !
Be not for a men ’ s the night , The night of her ’ s the night .	The Do Nothing Democrats have disgraced our great Country !
Be sure to see the people , the people .	At my meeting with Jay Powell this morning , I protested fact that our Fed Rate is set too high relative to the interest rates of other competitor countries . In fact , our rates should be lower than all others ( we are the USA ) . Too strong a Dollar hurting manufacturers & , growth !
Read the last of her last of her ” .	Mark Levin speaking one week after I took office . This was always a planned COUP and the Radical Left Democrats will suffer at the polls in 2020 !
Look to the the new for the more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th	GREAT NEWS ! #MAGA #KAG
Who did a great office with his office and his office .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA #KAG
The more much upon the matter at the matter .	“Congressman Van Drew ( D-NJ ) SLAMS Democrats for ‘fracturing the Nation’ with Impeachment probe . ‘We already know how it’s going to end . ” FoxNews
Look you out of her ” Call her ” !	Just finished a very good & , cordial meeting at the White House with Jay Powell of the Federal Reserve . Everything was discussed including interest rates , negative interest , low inflation , easing , Dollar strength & , its effect on manufacturing , trade with China , E . U . & , others , etc .
Look in the man ’ s her , and the same call me “ York , and the York , and her ”	. . . . that I testify about the phony Impeachment Witch Hunt . She also said I could do it in writing . Even though I did nothing wrong , and don’t like giving credibility to this No Due Process Hoax , I like the idea & , will , in order to get Congress focused again , strongly consider it !
The was a great soldier in some great work .	Our Crazy , Do Nothing ( where’s USMCA , infrastructure , lower drug pricing & , much more ? ) Speaker of the House , Nervous Nancy Pelosi , who is petrified by her Radical Left knowing she will soon be gone ( they & , Fake News Media are her BOSS ) , suggested on Sunday’s DEFACE THE NATION . . . .
So have the the business of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times .	Never has the Republican Party been so united as it is now . 95% A . R . This is a great fraud being played out against the American people by the Fake News Media & , their partner , the Do Nothing Democrats . The rules are rigged by Pelosi & , Schiff , but we are winning , and we will win !
That ’ s the matter to her ” to her ” .	“All they do is bring up witnesses who didn’t witness anything . ” KatrinaPierson SteveHiltonx Nothing matters except the two transcripts of the presidential calls , and the statement of no pressure put out by Ukraine !
A good man is a good fellow that a fellow that a man ’ s Was that a man ’ s a good man ’ s a man ’ s a fellow that a fellow of a man ’ s man ’ s one of a fellow .	“The Impeachment started before he even became President . ” greggutfeld FoxNews
Who ’ s men ’ s ’ s her ” ’ s the matter will be made .	Where is the Fake Whistleblower ?
Mark your life for him not there ’ s life , Mark ’ s the matter for the matter for the matter for his life ’ s life ’ s life ’ s life ,	Republicans & , others must remember , the Ukrainian President and Foreign Minister both said that there was no pressure placed on them whatsoever . Also , they didn’t even know the money wasn’t paid , and got the money with no conditions . But why isn’t Germany , France ( Europe ) paying ?
.	The Crazed , Do Nothing Democrats are turning Impeachment into a routine partisan weapon . That is very bad for our Country , and not what the Founders had in mind ! ! ! !
The sun .	Tell Jennifer Williams , whoever that is , to read BOTH transcripts of the presidential calls , & , see the just released ststement from Ukraine . Then she should meet with the other Never Trumpers , who I don’t know & , mostly never even heard of , & , work out a better presidential attack !
And stay at the men ’ s bed and her .	Paul Krugman of nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning . Anyone who has followed his “words of wisdom” has lost a great deal of money . Paul , just concede the game , say I was right , and lets start a brand new game !
But this be my best .	Schiff is a Corrupt Politician !
And yet another .	. SteveScalise blew the nasty & , obnoxious Chris Wallace ( will never be his father , Mike ! ) away on Chris’s lowest rated ( unless I’m on ) morning show . This kind of dumb and unfair interview would never have happened in the FoxNews past . Great job Steve !
and another .	Thanks Eric !
The very fair her that ’ s one .	Paul Krugman has called me wrong from day one . People at the Failing New York Times are very angry at him for having “missed” by soooo much . Paul , match over !
The one of a day ’ s day , We have much to be much for a man .	I agree Katrina , Pam Bondi is a great woman !
He is that will then to my lord , it is the will be in our people .	The Do Nothing Dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done !
Who with a great her ” ’ s a great people ’ s great her ’ s great work with the great men of her	Joe Ricketts , one of our Country’s most successful businessmen , including being the owner of the Chicago Cubs , has just written a great new book , THE HARDER YOU WORK , THE LUCKIER YOU GET . So true ! Much can be learned from Joe . Go get the book !
Great was the king ’ s people have been “ Peace , Who was in the hours .	A BIG difference !
For your grace , a hour more hour , and her bed : ’ s good .	Our great Farmers will recieve another major round of “cash , ” compliments of China Tariffs , prior to Thanksgiving . The smaller farms and farmers will be big beneficiaries . In the meantime , and as you may have noticed , China is starting to buy big again . Japan deal DONE . Enjoy !
I am sure to see her men and hear a king ’ s a king ’ s	. MariaBartiromo has a GREAT show going on right now , 10:00 A . M . Fantastic guests talk about the Fake Impeachment ! FoxNews
The more ’ s a ”	Mr . Chairman , Joe Biden may be Sleepy and Very Slow , but he is not a “rabid dog . ” He is actually somewhat better than that , but I am the only one who can get you where you have to be . You should act quickly , get the deal done . See you soon !
And that her York is the York of her ” And one .	Dowd never understood the pulse of the Republican Party , present or past . He’s just a 3rd rate hit job for Fake News ABC !
What ’ s ?	A new Republican Star is born . Great going EliseStefanik !
Who , the fair was his virtue with me , on the matter .	Thank you Pete . Our great warfighters must be allowed to fight . I would not have done this for Sgt . Bergdahl or Chelsea Manning !
Look in the reason for her men ’ s work .	Visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing Walter Reed Medical Center . Those are truly some of the best doctors anywhere in the world . Also began phase one of my yearly physical . Everything very good ( great ! ) . Will complete next year .
The time of the good friend and ’ tis a great men of a great great men ’ s great work .	True !
The two and with her men and her men Which were the way of all the way .	Congratulations Kimberley . Great book !
What ’ s a man ?	“I mean , come on . The Democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle . The Democrats know this is political and they’re just trying to drag Trump’s name into the mud ! ” Lisa Booth foxandfriends Thank you Lisa !
Our thoughts and prayers with her sister , and his house and his house .	“Triggered , ” a great book by my son , Don . Now number one on NYTIMES LIST . Keep it there for a while !
In the time to the time ’ s day today day !	. . . . and Taylor , dismissing everybody involved from the Obama holdover days trying to undermine Trump , getting rid of those people , dismissing them , this is what it looks like . It was never going to be claen , they were never going to sit by idly and just let Trump do this ! ” Rush L
The way when it is and it is !	“My support for Donald Trump has never been greater than it is right now . It is paramountly obvious watching this , these people have to go . You elected Donald Trump to drain the Swamp , well , dismissing people like Yovanovitch is what that looks like . Dismissing people like Kent . .
The matter that he hath the people have a very Show To take it to have a very Show To give it a very further her her again To give her her again to her work of her again to her her	Dow hits 28 , 000 - FIRST TIME EVER , HIGHEST EVER ! Gee , Pelosi & , Schitt have a good idea , “lets Impeach the President . ” If something like that ever happened , it would lead to the biggest FALL in Market History . It’s called a Depression , not a Recession ! So much for 401-K’s & , Jobs !
from her her Who saw her last night and she was the last she was of her !	LOUISIANA , VOTE EddieRispone TODAY ! He will be a great governor !
Who ’ s a Who ’ s her that ’ s work .	Good morning Louisiana ! Polls are open at 7AM . Get out and VOTE for EddieRispone to be your next Gov ! He will get your taxes and auto insurance ( highest in Country ! ) way down . Loves our Military & , Vets . Will protect your 2A . Find your polling place below:
Why , the show of a show and her again .	#NewHoaxSameSwamp
The best hath the best hath the best of her .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA #KAG
The me on a me to her ”	Is this even possible to believe ? Can this be for real ? Where is this nursing home , how is the victim doing ?
The people will set on his people ’ s people ’ s thoughts .	مشاور امنیت ملی امروز عنوان کرد كه تحریم ها و اعتراضات، ایران را«به شدت تحت فشار»قرار داده است و آنها را مجبور به مذاكره می كند . در واقع، اصلا برایم اهمیتی نداردکه آیا آنها مذاکره می کنند یا نه . این کاملاً به عهده ی خودشان است، اما سلاح هسته ای نداشته باشیدو«معترضان خود را نکشید . »
He is the better than he is the best that ever he did .	With approximately 100 , 000 CoronaVirus cases worldwide , and 3 , 280 deaths , the United States , because of quick action on closing our borders , has , as of now , only 129 cases ( 40 Americans brought in ) and 11 deaths . We are working very hard to keep these numbers as low as possible !
I think it not be the other of the from the other of her .	Yes ! ! ! ! !
My lord with her that ’ s my grace and my grace and her love and his course and his course of his bed and his bed and his bed and her ”	Big WIN for us in Iowa tonight . Thank you !
For the last , my lord , the last is great soldier .	America is the Greatest Country in the world . We have the best scientists , doctors , nurses and health care professionals . They are amazing people who do phenomenal things every day . . . .
What ’ s will be so , and we have ’ s enemies ?	USA will be bigger and stronger than ever before !
A great suit of my new hours .	The student-athletes have been working too hard for their season to be cancelled . #WeWantToPlay
The one of the part of her ' em ’ s lust ’ s the greatest French ' s part of all the field .	On #NationalTeacherDay , we recognize the countless men and women who dedicate their lives to instilling character , integrity , and knowledge in the hearts and minds of our Nation’s students , thank you !
Who ’ s from the people ’ s people ’ s her ?	Thank you Nick . Hear the book is doing well ( go get it everyone . Make this great writer number one ! ) .
Call it not the matter ?	Will be doing a major interview tonight at 6:30 P . M . Eastern with DavidMuir on ABCWorldNews Tonight .
The day of men ’ s that we told you , and so much that ’ s the day .	The Democrat Caucus is an unmitigated disaster . Nothing works , just like they ran the Country . Remember the 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare Website , that should have cost 2% of that . The only person that can claim a very big victory in Iowa last night is “Trump” .
Faith , my son to her son the merchant ’ s great people .	CONGRATS to General Dynamic’s Bath Iron Works &; Local S6 on reaching a tentative agreement after the long strike . GD builds GREAT Arleigh-Burke destroyers . Super boost for Maine Economy . Glad to have helped . I’ve done a lot for Maine !
The matter that the cup of the day , We should bear it presently .	No Voter Fraud !
The matter , my name , my name , sir , for a work .	All things that I have GOTTEN DONE , including Criminal Justice Reform !
He ’ s piece of her again What ’ s ’ s the matter and the matter ’ s times	Romney hurt some very good Republican Senators , and he was wrong about the Impeachment Hoax . No clue !
My lord with her that her ” Who in her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' people ’ s one of her ” Who ’ s her ”	. . . . We have the greatest healthcare system , experts , scientists and doctors anywhere in the world . Together , we will PREVAIL !
If to be the first then , and the people would be the matter .	I want to thank all of our Great Government officials on the CoronaVirus Task Force who are working around the clock , in response to the CoronaVirus . Continue to check for updates , and follow all recommendations that are available . . . .
Call it .	No , riots and looting are just fine with Concast !
The time will be the day shall he be made a bad of bad .	Mini Mike , you’re easy !
Read this of her .	I am fully prepared to use the full power of the Federal Government to deal with our current challenge of the CoronaVirus !
My lord , with her that I am a bed , I have come to see the matter for the matter and her that I have a bed of her that I am a bed and that I am that I am a work of her	The Department of Education is NOT closing hundreds of schools in rural areas of our Country . This is just more Fake News . We are investing greatly in our schools , and always will !
Call you her never will make it not .	I was thrilled to be back in the Great State of Arizona with the incredible , patriotic , and hardworking men and women of Honeywell !
Look in my new tonight , To work the new soldier ’ s the more than the matter to the new soldier ’ s new again To work of her again .	Congratulations on your big primary win , Governor MikeParson ! You have my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MOGOV
What ’ s from her Who shall be seen the Moor .	Vote for Michelle – a real winner ! #MN07
Who ’ s a great his great hope ?	They are really mad at Senator Joe Munchkin in West Virginia . He couldn’t understand the Transcripts . Romney could , but didn’t want to !
What ’ s a hundred hours and will .	Gallup just gave us the highest rating ever for the way we are handling the CoronaVirus situation . The April 2009-10 Swine Flu , where nearly 13 , 000 people died in the USA , was poorly handled . Ask MSDNC &; lightweight Washington failure RonaldKlain , who the President was then ?
Why , I ’ s her that ’ s .	. . . And we’re not finished yet . All coming together like a highly complex , but beautiful , puzzle !
My lord , with her that the Moor and bring the matter and bring the matter with the matter and the matter with the matter with the matter and the matter and the matter and the matter and whom the matter and the matter and the matter with us	I will be addressing the Nation this evening at 9:00 P . M . ( Eastern ) from the Oval Office .
Who calls him a matter ’ s a matter ’ s ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s a thing ’ s ”	“The States have to get the money to the people who need it . ” MariaBartiromo And FAST !
What a thing made a strong her people .	The Media should view this as a time of unity and strength . We have a common enemy , actually , an enemy of the World , the CoronaVirus . We must beat it as quickly and safely as possible . There is nothing more important to me than the life &; safety of the United States !
A great Hercules a crown at the hours ’ s French hours !	Thank you Nan !
The French ’ s the French hours at the hours .	The Wacky Do Nothing Attorney General of Michigan , Dana Nessel , is viciously threatening Ford Motor Company for the fact that I inspected a Ventilator plant without a mask . Not their fault , &; I did put on a mask . No wonder many auto companies left Michigan , until I came along !
Call it is found at her men ’ s between her and her ” and her .	. . . And Sleepy Joe !
My lord of her ?	They want to totally destroy our great Police Departments . No way ! ! !
What Lord , Shall be a men ’ s great matter with a great Lord ’ s great Lord , a great Lord of her men ’ s great her men ’ s great him .	Push it hard Marsha . DOJ must act . This should include Crooked Hillary’s illegal deletion of her emails . SPEED !
The matter to her that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	This is what the Dems are dealing with . Does anyone think this is good for the USA !
The hours at her hours today .	I got Impeached last night without one Republican vote being cast with the Do Nothing Dems on their continuation of the greatest Witch Hunt in American history . Now the Do Nothing Party want to Do Nothing with the Articles & , not deliver them to the Senate , but it’s Senate’s call !
The new business of her friend , Who ’ s people had given for them for his business .	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
Call her her her again .	Just spoke to my friend MBS ( Crown Prince ) of Saudi Arabia , who spoke with President Putin of Russia , &; I expect &; hope that they will be cutting back approximately 10 Million Barrels , and maybe substantially more which , if it happens , will be GREAT for the oil &; gas industry !
A most should be the angry of her in the same French .	Do nothing A . G . of the Great State of Michigan , Dana Nessel , should not be taking her anger and stupidity out on Ford Motor - they might get upset with you and leave the state , like so many other companies have - until I came along and brought business back to Michigan . JOBS !
Call it is very a very very .	Pathetic !
My lord of her yesterday	. . . . . Could be as high as 15 Million Barrels . Good ( GREAT ) news for everyone !
In the charge him , shall be a soldier , and with the wars and be with the wars .	What kind of an animal is this ?
And will I take the will take the soldier in the .	Hillary should give it another try , but this time don’t forget Wisconsin , Pennsylvania , Michigan , North Carolina & , others !
In my new knight I ’ s a full of her than the full of a man .	Thank you !
In the the matter ?	A Dirty Cop at the highest level . Scum !
Why , that ’ s that thou lead us to the lead .	Thank you Adriana !
What should be a man ’ s man should be more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s ’ s part of a	So sad to see that New York City and State are falling apart . All they want to do is investigate to make me hate them even more than I should . Governor Cuomo has lost control , and lost his mind . Very bad for the homeless and all !
Take her the people ?	Don’t allow RIGGED ELECTIONS !
Who hath a Who ’ s last of this last Is ’ s the last ?	I want to thank Rush Limbaugh for the tremendous support he has given to the MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN Movement and our KEEP AMERICA GREAT Agenda ! He is a major star who never wavered despite the Fake News Hits he has had to endure . His voice is far bigger than theirs !
The most most most of my one .	California and New York must do something about their TREMENDOUS Homeless problems . They are setting records ! If their Governors can’t handle the situation , which they should be able to do very easily , they must call and “politely” ask for help . Would be so easy with competence !
My thoughts on her men and her in her ” .	Hoping to get the payroll tax cut approved by both Republicans and Democrats , and please remember , very important for all countries &; businesses to know that trade will in no way be affected by the 30-day restriction on travel from Europe . The restriction stops people not goods .
The more , her that ’ s her that ’ s her	Come on Crazy Nancy , do it !
The matter should not him out of the matter .	He made same prediction in 2016 . Nobody ever said Michael was stupid !
What ’ s one a fellow and every fellow !	Sleepy Joe cannot bring us to greatness . He is the reason I’m here !
Look to the man ’ s that I say ’ s the man .	Thank you Frank . Fredo’s ratings are really bad , more than 50% down . A loser ! ! !
The matter and her that ’ s cause have lost our cause .	His handlers and the Fake News Media are doing everything possible to get him through the Election . Then he will resign , or whatever , and we are stuck with a super liberal wack job that NOBODY wanted !
My lord on the her ” and the people ’ s bed and her ”	Wow Crazy Nancy , what’s going on ? This is big stuff !
Give my her her her her again tonight .	OANN is doing incredible reporting . If Lamestream Media did the same , they would get respect back . At All-Time Low !
The men of her yet prove the Moor is .	Thanks Kayleigh !
Is a one a bed ?	“Dow closes at another All-Time High ! ” cvpayne FoxBusiness
Is ’ s a man ?	So interesting to see Nancy Pelosi demanding fairness from senatemajldr McConnell when she presided over the most unfair hearing in the history of the United States Congress !
My last night with her last night with him the last night of our guard and let him come from the last night with him with her of her again with her again with his bed with him with him .	. . . . and native culture – S . 216/Spokane Tribe , S . 256/Native Languages and NDAA Sec . 2870 officially recognizing Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians . My great honor to do so !
My bond of her lord , Who ’ s bond and there ’ s three and make the purpose of the bond of his bond and make her love her men of her men of the bond	Thank YOU Indian Country for being such an IMPORTANT part of the American story ! I recently signed 3 bills to support tribal sovereignty . . . .
The men ’ s the people in the wars shall the way to her ” for the way .	“Trump Stock Market rally is far outpacing past USA presidents” CNBC With new trade deals , and more , THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
The men is our daughter ’ s daughter .	Speaker Pelosi and Chuck Schumer’s drive to try and rig the trial against the President is misplaced . There is no factual basis for the Articles of Impeachment that passed the House . This President will be exonerated . ” William McGinley foxandfriends
My last night with her last night with her last night with her ” My last night ’ s last with her ” My last night with her last night with her night with her night with her ”	Thank you Kristy , have a great year !
Read this of her .	Thank you !
I pray you , for her men ’ s hear , I have you , show your show .	Who are the 4% ? A RINO or two !
Look to what I say , and say , and the man in her .	Tonight’s Fox News Town Hall with MarthaMacCallum and BretBaier will rebroadcast at 11:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Enjoy !
The one is a thousand ’ s a hundred stand .	30 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD
A more help , and help the private of the private .	I am helping Minnesota greatly . OBiden was a Minnesota disaster !
My thoughts on the death , and the thoughts .	So true !
We must be our men have ’ s end and our trade .	Happy Birthday Matt . GREAT JOB !
My fair wife will be so much upon this Was this one from her	“They ( Conservatives ) thought the merits of the Impeachment case were weak , and therefore his ( Romney’s ) judgement is questioned . ” MZHemingway HowardKurtz FoxNews
My thoughts on her bed .	Virginia , VOTE for President Trump and save your under siege 2nd Amendment .
Our country is with her with her men ’ s .	Mini Mike Bloomberg is spending a lot of money on False Advertising . I was the person who saved Pre-Existing Conditions in your Healthcare , you have it now , while at the same time winning the fight to rid you of the expensive , unfair and very unpopular Individual Mandate . . . . .
The state is sick of our grace , We should have their state .	Thank you Honeywell !
Now is the more his time doth shake not to the time .	. . . . and , if Republicans win in court and take back the House of Represenatives , your healthcare , that I have now brought to the best place in many years , will become the best ever , by far . I will always protect your Pre-Existing Conditions , the Dems will not !
The matter in his suit to his great suit .	Thank you Scranton , Pennsylvania . It was a great evening !
Call it her men ’ s her men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	Thank you David , a lifelong Democrat from Pennsylvania . We will continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then , KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! ! ! !
Good to have been again , Who ’ s coming forth to her .	It’s all turning , and fast ! MVP Heckler .
Why , the world ’ s the world ?	A made up HOAX that shows how low they are willing to go !
My new French soldier in her work .	When will the Democrats start blaming RUSSIA , RUSSIA , RUSSIA , instead of their own incompetence for the voting disaster that just happened in the Great State of Iowa ?
My last with her last night on her ” His last night ’ s the last with his ”	. LarrySabato is much better at giving you the answer after everything is finished and the final result is in , than he is at telling you what is going to happen because , in fact , he doesn’t have a clue !
Be sure my wife to her wife ’ s the wife at her wife at the wife	“Nancy Pelosi all of a sudden doesn’t like the payroll tax cut , but when Obama proposed it she thought it was a brilliant thing that all of the working families would benefit from because if you get a paycheck , you’re going to take home more money . ” kilmeade foxandfriends
More than that .	. . . . price . You should drop out of the race &; pray that super liberal DougJones , a weak &; pathetic puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi &; Cryin’ Chuck Schumer , gets beaten badly . He voted for impeachment based on “ZERO” . Disgraced Alabama . Coach TTuberville will be a GREAT Senator !
Look to the reason to the note of your reasons .	Jeff , you had your chance &; you blew it . Recused yourself ON DAY ONE ( you never told me of a problem ) , and ran for the hills . You had no courage , &; ruined many lives . The dirty cops , &; others , got caught by better &; stronger people than you . Hopefully this slime will pay a big . . .
Stand ’ s a men ’ s bed ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
My lord of her ” Who ’ s her ”	Great night in Pennsylvania . Big and Enthusiastic Crowd . Will be back soon . VOTE ! ! !
Why , your answer to you ’ s answer of the matter .	There is tremendous CoronaVirus testing capacity in Washington for the Senators returning to Capital Hill on Monday . Likewise the House , which should return but isn’t because of Crazy Nancy P . The 5 minute Abbott Test will be used . Please inform Dr . Brian P . Monahan . MarkMeadows
The one of her that ’ s crown , and the other other more than one more .	The WALL is well under construction . So far we’re up to 129 miles , and by early next year we will have 500 miles completed !
The more is it in the more of the of the matter .	White House News Conference today at 5:30 P . M . Enjoy !
When will be an honorable her ?	The Democrat Party in Iowa really messed up , but the Republican Party did not . I had the largest re-election vote in the history of that great state , by far , beating President Obama’s previous record by a lot . Also , 97% Plus of the vote ! Thank you Iowa !
I ’ ll be but the people in the people ’ s will be a very angry .	So good to see that Republicans will be winning the Great State of Alabama Senate Seat back , now that lightweight Senator DougJones cast a partisan vote for the Impeachment Hoax . Thought his boss , Cryin’ Chuck , would have forced him to vote against the Hoax . A Do Nothing Stiff !
If the would have some talk to some business of their business .	The Fake News has reached an all time high !
The way but to her that is but to her people ' end .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The more ’ s that is gone to Sebastian &ket; The matter is dead and itself .	On behalf of our entire nation , CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible West Point Class of 2020 !
What should show of her men ’ s business ’ s business ’ s man ’ s business .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you ! Also , just out , highest ever Approval Rating overall in the new Gallup Poll , and shows “Trump beating Sleepy Joe Biden . ”
A fellow call on a man , Who was not born , like a man ’ s heart .	Bernie Sander’s volunteers are trashing Elizabeth “Pocahontus” Warren . Everybody knows her campaign is dead and want her potential voters . Mini Mike B is also trying , but getting tiny crowds which are all leaving fast . Elizabeth is very angry at Bernie . Do I see a feud brewing ?
I have the world .	We hit 3M hard today after seeing what they were doing with their Masks . “P Act” all the way . Big surprise to many in government as to what they were doing - will have a big price to pay !
The office of his own cause is his own own .	. . . . This is the biggest political crime in American History , by far . SIMPLY PUT , THE PARTY IN POWER ILLEGALLY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN , BOTH BEFORE AND AFTER THE ELECTION , IN ORDER TO CHANGE OR NULLIFY THE RESULTS OF THE ELECTION . IT CONTINUED ON WITH THE IMPEACHMENT HOAX . Terrible !
The more but they ’ s not enough .	FBI Director Christopher Wray just admitted that the FISA Warrants and Survailence of my campaign were illegal . So was the Fake Dossier . THEREFORE , THE WHOLE SCAM INVESTIGATION , THE MUELLER REPORT AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THREE YEARS , WAS A FIXED HOAX . WHO PAYS THE PRICE ? . . . .
Great soldier of her yesterday in his fellow .	Thank you Audrey !
Great the Moor , that ’ s a ”	TRANSITION TO GREATNESS !
I was on a last night .	Great interview this morning by foxandfriends with some of the fantastic people who attended the big Rally last night in Toledo , Ohio . Thank you . Such amazing energy !
Give my her her her her again tonight .	DRAIN THE SWAMP !
The time of the hours of her ?	The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “eminent” or not , &; was my team in agreement . The answer to both is a strong YES . , but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past !
In the next week of her that she hath been in first time , shall ever more .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then , KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
The matter is nothing to help .	Highly respected Justice Daniel Kelly is running for the Supreme Court in the Great State of Wisconsin . Justice Kelly has been doing a terrific job upholding the Rule of Law and defending your #2A . Tough on Crime , Loves our Military and our Vets . He has my Complete Endorsement !
The nature is free .	Tonight at 9:00 P . M . ( Eastern ) .
The day is the day .	Great , Just Out ! 51% Approval Rating in Rasmussen Poll . 95% in Republican Party . Stock Market up BIG today . Will I ever be given credit for the Markets and Economy ? Next year will be BIG !
How many of her ducats , will steal in the state ?	GREAT news this week regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline – moving forward with fantastic paying CONSTRUCTION jobs for hardworking Americans . Promises Made , Promises Kept ! #MAGA
The should be the our people ’ s great her not .	As you know , I designated this day to be a National Day of Prayer . As our Nation heals , our Spirit has never been Stronger !
Why , to be a set up his company .	I won’t be watching much anymore !
The matter , a bed , a matter ’ s	The Democrats and the Fake News are trying to make terrorist Soleimani into a wonderful guy , only because I did what should have been done for 20 years . Anything I do , whether it’s the economy , military , or anything else , will be scorned by the Rafical Left , Do Nothing Democrats !
My lord of her ?	. . so called American Intelligence were Dirty Cops who have now proven to be sleazebags at the highest level like James Comey , proven liar James Clapper , &; perhaps the lowest of them all , Wacko John Brennan who headed the CIA , you could perhaps understand my reluctance to embrace !
Marry , the bad of her bed ’ s death ’ s death !	Our people have all left Drudge . He is a confused MESS , has no clue what happened . Down 51% . DRUDGE They like REVOLVER and others !
When will the present a present part of the present means .	Will be in Manchester , New Hampshire , tonight for a big Rally . Want to shake up the Dems a little bit - they have a really boring deal going on . Still waiting for the Iowa results , votes were fried . Big crowds in Manchester !
Who doth be so far from the late doth great great work .	My great honor !
He ’ s one of her never part of her part .	One of the most important issues for Pennsylvania is the survival of your fracking industry . Joe Biden has repeatedly pledged to abolish fracking . When asked about fracking , Biden said he would “make sure it’s ELIMINATED ! ” With me , you’re going to FRACK !
My lord from her with her ?	Wow ! The wonderful Iranian protesters refused to step on , or in any way denigrate , our Great American Flag . It was put on the street in order for them to trample it , and they walked around it instead . Big progress !
Good my lord to the sweet friends .	Thank you USNationalGuard , keep up the great work !
A great men of her ” the hours of her ” And the crown of great people ’ s great people ’ s great people in the hours of her ”	John Bolton , one of the dumbest people I’ve met in government and sadly , I’ve met plenty , states often that I respected , and even trusted , Vladimir Putin of Russia more than those in our Intelligence Agencies . While of course that is not true , if the first people you met from . . . .
My lord of her that shall be with her with him	And it looks like the NFL is heading in that direction also , but not with me watching !
My last night from the last night with him with his last with him	Thank you !
Our bond ’ s bond of her lord .	Wow !
Who in her never in her men ’ s crown ?	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party , a Record ! 53% overall ( plus add 9 points ? ) . Corrupt Democrat politicians have brought me to highest polling numbers ever with the Impeachment Hoax . Thank you Nancy !
Our our company is his country than the country ’ s country .	Big Stock Market Numbers !
I ’ s the quarrel and his niece in a Orlando .	More Testing , which is a good thing ( we have the most in the world ) , equals more Cases , which is Fake News Gold . They use Cases to demean the incredible job being done by the great men &; women of the USA fighting the China Plague !
Why , the great a work of our work in our work .	Today , FLOTUS celebrates the two year anniversary of #BeBest , her initiative dedicated to bringing awareness to issues that impact the lives of children . Congratulations , and thank you !
Who is a sure of her ’ s a more ’ s to her .	A blow to her head ? Body found under his desk ? Left Congress suddenly ? Big topic of discussion in Florida . . . and , he’s a Nut Job ( with bad ratings ) . Keep digging , use forensic geniuses !
The fair a fair country of love , and that love .	ABC’s Trump In Trouble Poll Surveyed Just 533 , Not Likely Voters , Asked Over 20% More Biden Supporters Than Conservatives via TheNatPulse Total Fake Poll . ABC is just like the rest of them !
A brother neither , or a brother ’ s own country ’ s own country and our country .	Thank you DeptofDefense , USACEHQ , USNationalGuard , FEMA , and CDCgov !
Our next more ’ s never must be the next of the next of the next of the next .	Because of how badly they did with the Impeachment Hoax , AOC will primary Cryin’ Chuck Schumer , and win , and Jerry Nadler has a good chance of losing to his far left primary opponent ! It is all getting quite interesting . Pelosi will lose the House , AGAIN ! My poll numbers great .
The time is very fit , when we must be in the way .	I didn’t know there would be even a question about this !
Who will never thought of her ” Call her her .	Market up big today on very good economic news . JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
What ’ ll be a her that ’ s the matter of the matter ’ s the matter to the matter of her ”	The Paycheck Protection Program is now available ! #CARESAct Small Business Guidance &; Loan Resources:
I will do do not the reason in the man in the matter must be .	Hope the Fake News , which never discusses it , is talking about the big crowds forming for my New Hampshire Rally tonight . They won’t !
I find it to hear a friend to hear him .	My Approval Rating in the Republican Party = 95% , a record ! Big Iowa win . Approval Rating overall = 53% , a new high . With our great Economy and other major successes , would be 20 points higher without the phony Witch Hunts and Hoaxes ? ? ?
How will I send them in his side ?	True !
Give my state her her again .	The Fake News Media and their Democrat Partners are working hard to determine whether or not the future attack by terrorist Soleimani was “imminent” or not , &; was my team in agreement . The answer to both is a strong YES . , but it doesn’t really matter because of his horrible past !
My thoughts on the thoughts of her .	Great job being done by BankofAmerica and many community banks throughout the country . Small businesses appreciate your work !
What is no money to her money .	Today , it was my profound honor to award seven extraordinary soldiers the Distinguished Flying Cross for their remarkable courage to rescue their fellow citizens in California . . .
We can lay them in the people in our own men ’ s own work .	#SOTU2020
The more ’ s her that he loves him .	Will be interviewed tonight on seanhannity at 9:00 P . M . FoxNews
My last night on her ” and her people ’ s people ’ s people ’ s people ’ s two ” and her ”	Many physicians agree with you . Also , some very good studies ! SteveFDA US_FDA
O dinner with a man ’ s last , the last , ’ s the last .	Georgia , this is your chance to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN . We have been strong for our Military , Vets , 2nd Amendment , and ALL . VOTE NOW !
Call the way to the word of her work , ’ s work !	Meeting with USA Governors in a short while . All States are doing well . “Thank you Mr . President . ”
Who in my friends in her voice of her voice .	It was a great and triumphant evening for our Country . Thank you for all of the nice remarks and wonderful reviews of my State of the Union Speech . It was my great honor to have done it !
My thoughts on her bed .	Thank you to Sheriff Gonzales of Bernalillo County , New Mexico , for joining my call with our Nation’s sheriffs . Appreciate your partnership to help make your county safe – great comments on Operation Legend !
Give the her her her again tonight .	I HOPE ALL AFRICAN AMERICANS WILL READ AND STUDY THIS . 100% CORRECT . SLEEPY JOE WILL NEVER GET YOU THERE . HE NEVER HAS IN THE PAST . I WILL &; HAVE ! ! !
What ’ s a more be , and the means , and all .	A great day at West Point !
Why , will be no more , like the first .	She should be ashamed of herself !
I did hear a speech of his old speech and work in his purpose and put them on .	Sad to see the damage from the derecho in Midwest . 112 mile per hour winds in Midway , Iowa ! The Federal government is in close coordination with State officials . We are with you all the way - Stay safe and strong !
The part of me in the part of the part of the part of the part of the part of the part of me .	Wow . It’s all a giant SCAM !
If it should be sure In such a man ’ s such a doubt .	Thank you Tammy . You are doing a GREAT job !
A “ he is ’ s a ” and make a great men ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed and her	Governor Gavin N has done a really bad job on taking care of the homeless population in California . If he can’t fix the problem , the Federal Govt . will get involved !
Who should have told us that ’ s that you have been your peace .	2019 HOLIDAY RETAIL SALES WERE UP 3 . 4% FROM LAST YEAR , THE BIGGEST NUMBER IN USA HISTORY . CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA !
Who should take the from her that have a man in their people .	MERRY CHRISTMAS !
The will to him on his office .	187 new Federal Judges have been confirmed under the Trump Administration , including two great new United States Supreme Court Justices . We are shattering every record ! Read all about this in “The Long Game , ” a great new book by senatemajldr Mitch McConnell . Amazing story !
What , and she goes the way to the way .	The ONLY reason we were able to get our great USMCA Trade Deal approved was because the Do Nothing Democrats wanted to show that they could approve something productive in light of the fact that all they even think about is impeachment . She knows nothing about the USMCA Deal !
The time is the sea of her last is ’ s last .	. . . . the American public’s tone deafness - & , it should be intolerable , because the American people have had it with this . ” kilmeade foxandfriends The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats have gone CRAZY . They want to make it as hard as possible for me to properly run our Country !
Make no more and the way ’ s the way to the way .	“The Trump Administration , Trump policies , have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before . ” Griff Jenkins , foxandfriends
My last with her last night ’ s a ” Is ’ s a ”	“Stocks kick off Christmas week at All-Time Record Highs . ” foxandfriends
The hath taken ’ s lost his people have lost them .	. . . . mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses , but McConnell has the votes and he can run this trial anyway he wants to . brithume foxandfriends
My thoughts on her than his new hours .	Everything we’re seeing from Speaker Pelosi and Senator Schumer suggests that they’re in real doubt about the evidence they’ve brought forth so far not being good enough , and are very , very urgently seeking a way to find some more evidence . The only way to make this work is to . .
The new that should be the new of her .	The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats said they wanted to RUSH everything through to the Senate because “President Trump is a threat to National Security” ( they are vicious , will say anything ! ) , but now they don’t want to go fast anymore , they want to go very slowly . Liars !
What must be and be made it thought it in her never will .	“Look , the House is supposed to do all of this work on witnesses and documents BEFORE they send the articles over to the Senate , not to call in new witnesses , go through new documents - that work is supposed to be done in the House . ” KatiePavlich foxandfriends
If the will be so then , why , be the kingdom ?	We are getting MS-13 gang members , and many other people that shouldn’t be here , out of our Country !
The time at her that now , that the half that ’ s half the half of us .	THANK YOU ! #KAG2020
Call her her in her bed .	Nancy Pelosi is looking for a Quid Pro Quo with the Senate . Why aren’t we Impeaching her ?
More and more seem with her , and both .	Economy is GREAT , Big Stock Market uptick today . Best ranking in 20 years admits CNN !
There is no state for his state , but a state is no more than the gold .	Just had a great call with the President of Brazil , JairBolsonaro . We discussed many subjects including Trade . The relationship between the United States and Brazil has never been Stronger !
The better that can that the better for the world .	. . . . Kevin is strong on Securing the Border , #USMCA , protecting our #2A , and Loves our Vets and Military . Kevin is a true friend , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
We have done this time to her ” What ’ s back .	Congressman Kevin Brady ( bradyfortexas ) is an outstanding representative for our Country and the Great State of Texas . A big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . . . .
As bad as a man comes in the next will see the next of the next of the next .	. . . . and has my FULL Endorsement . This is a BIG win for our GOP and a BIG win for South Jersey . South Jersey is TRUMP COUNTRY , so I know ALL NJ Republicans will join me in supporting Jeff Van Drew . The Dems are already coming after him , so help Jeff win .
What , not , but the matter till we see that we are but the matter .	The Democrat Party’s Witch Hunt and CRAZY EXTREME policies are chasing common sense people out of the Dem Party . That’s why Jeff Van Drew ( CongressmanJVD ) voted NO on the Impeachment Hoax . Jeff will be joining our growing Republican Party . . . .
We had done a men of her and lead the mistress ’ s horse ?	Congressman ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda ! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall . Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Call it again .	Thank you to Franklin Graham for stating that his father , the late great Billy Graham , voted for me in the 2016 Election . I know how pleased you are with the work we have all done together !
The man of the show of her yet ’ s great men ’ s the world .	I guess the magazine , “Christianity Today , ” is looking for Elizabeth Warren , Bernie Sanders , or those of the socialist/communist bent , to guard their religion . How about Sleepy Joe ? The fact is , no President has ever done what I have done for Evangelicals , or religion itself !
Who ’ s her ” and her work of the ” and the work of us .	Had a very good talk with President Xi of China concerning our giant Trade Deal . China has already started large scale purchaes of agricultural product & , more . Formal signing being arranged . Also talked about North Korea , where we are working with China , & , Hong Kong ( progress ! ) .
Call her her again .	I will be signing our 738 Billion Dollar Defense Spending Bill today . It will include 12 weeks Paid Parental Leave , gives our troops a raise , importantly creates the SPACE FORCE , SOUTHERN BORDER WALL FUNDING , repeals “Cadillac Tax” on Health Plans , raises smoking age to 21 ! BIG !
The very very very when he is in money and money in his money and in his money and be .	. . . . have a Radical Left nonbeliever , who wants to take your religion & , your guns , than Donald Trump as your President . No President has done more for the Evangelical community , and it’s not even close . You’ll not get anything from those Dems on stage . I won’t be reading ET again !
My lord with her that she hath made of the general who hath made it on the matter and her	A far left magazine , or very “progressive , ” as some would call it , which has been doing poorly and hasn’t been involved with the Billy Graham family for many years , Christianity Today , knows nothing about reading a perfect transcript of a routine phone call and would rather . . . . .
Why , a base that should be so near the women ?	The reason the Democrats don’t want to submit the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they don’t want corrupt politician Adam Shifty Schiff to testify under oath , nor do they want the Whistleblower , the missing second Whistleblower , the informer , the Bidens , to testify !
My morning ’ s the morning ’ s three and the morning ’ s years on the morning ’ s years on the morning ’ s three of the morning ’ s three of his years with her years of his years ’ s years with him with her	The House Democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the Republicans on their Impeachment Hoax . The Republicans have never been so united ! The Dem’s case is so bad that they don’t even want to go to trial !
A good monster of our country .	So after the Democrats gave me no Due Process in the House , no lawyers , no witnesses , no nothing , they now want to tell the Senate how to run their trial . Actually , they have zero proof of anything , they will never even show up . They want out . I want an immediate trial !
The matter to the same father ’ s friend .	The great USMCA Trade Deal ( Mexico & , Canada ) has been sitting on Nancy Pelosi’s desk for 8 months , she doesn’t even know what it says , & , today , after passing by a wide margin in the House , Pelosi tried to take credit for it . Labor will vote for Trump . Trade deal is great for USA !
The daughter ’ s daughter and her days .	“Jesse ( Watters ) , this is the best year any President has ever had , plus we get an impeachment . ” greggutfeld The Five FoxNews
My thoughts on the thoughts of her bed .	Pelosi feels her phony impeachment HOAX is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the Senate , which can set a date and put this whole SCAM into default if they refuse to show up ! The Do Nothings are so bad for our Country !
What say the the man ’ s bed and I am the second bed .	Thank you Rena !
The more can save the more of his men and the the matter .	Thank you Terrence !
Who is it well that we are in the ducats of the ducats .	Thank you Anne !
The matter is no of him , or Messala .	Our great Congressman Gohmert is a TRUE patriot fighting back against people that must hate our Country !
Why , to see this sick of fortune ’ s will both .	Wall Street Journal Editorial: “She ( Crazy Nancy ) aimed at Trump and hit Uncle Joe . ”
How will be his reason To his times him ?	Thank you !
I was the morning this morning speak of the morning and by the morning ; and by the morning And by the morning , and by this morning speak of the morning And to speak of the morning And speak of the morning .	“A lot of people feel defeated . . . Trump always wins . It seems like nothing can stop him . ” Danny Villazon nytimes DanaPerino FoxNews But isn’t that what you want from your President ?
My lord from her bed with her ”	. KamalaHarris started strong in the Democrat Primaries , and finished weak , ultimately fleeing the race with almost zero support . That’s the kind of opponent everyone dreams of !
The matter to the second head with her ducats .	So terrible that Facebook and Twitter took down the story of “Smoking Gun” emails related to Sleepy Joe Biden and his son , Hunter , in the NYPost . It is only the beginning for them . There is nothing worse than a corrupt politician . REPEAL SECTION 230 ! ! !
My lord of her that her bed with her ” And on the matter of her ”	I stand stronger than anyone in protecting your Healthcare with Pre-Existing Conditions . I am honored to have terminated the very unfair , costly and unpopular individual mandate for you !
My last with her last night of her ” Hath called her ” Not a bed , Which thou hast thou hast no more of her ” Not her again of her again of her ” Not her ” Is ’ s bed , Which you have a bed	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you ! Also , leading in most swing states !
Who is there , the one of her work .	THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE !
Who ’ s the bond of our bond ?	Rasmussen was one of the most accurate polls in 2016 . Actually , I think , based on Crowds and Enthusiasm ( of which Sleepy Joe has none ! ) , that we are MUCH higher than 51% . The only thing Joe can count on is that a Federal Judge doesn’t eviscerate the Fake Ballot Rigging Scam !
My last night with her ” And on a night I ’ s last with one of her ” My last night with her ”	“The Senate shall set the time and place of the trial . ” If the Do Nothing Democrats decide , in their great wisdom , not to show up , they would lose by Default !
The thoughts of your thoughts of her thoughts .	100% Republican Vote . That’s what people are talking about . The Republicans are united like never before !
Who gave the free of her chamber the time to her work .	Making great progress in Davos . Tremendous numbers of companies will be coming , or returning , to the USA . Hottest Economy ! JOBS , JOBS , JOBS !
I think the great be but a great men of a great .	TOUGH GUYS FOR TRUMP !
Give the the bed the night is our dinner .	Thanks Linda , but they were really good last night !
All that , and not her one good .	Michael Moore: I‘m ‘Begging‘ Dems -- Don‘t Underestimate White Male Trump Supporter‘s ‘Rage , ‘ ‘Emotion‘ via BreitbartNews Well , he got it right in 2016 ?
Why , I would not have the matter .	Poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of No Impeachment , especially with Swing States and Independents in Swing States . People have figured out that the Democrats have no case , it is a total Hoax . Even Pelosi admitted yesterday that she began this scam 2 1/2 years ago !
No more but the thing of her ' tis a good .	My Approval Rating in the Republican Party is 95% , a Record . Thank you ! #2020Election
Why , we should have no more in the other against the strong must grow .	The Republicans House members were fantastic yesterday . It always helps to have a much better case , in fact the Dems have no case at all , but the unity & , sheer brilliance of these Republican warriors , all of them , was a beautiful sight to see . Dems had no answers and wanted out !
The power of her men ’ s power to the next bond is the next of the next of ’ s eye , and the next of the next of the next than the world ’ s bond .	Congratulations to Boris Johnson on his great WIN ! Britain and the United States will now be free to strike a massive new Trade Deal after BREXIT . This deal has the potential to be far bigger and more lucrative than any deal that could be made with the E . U . Celebrate Boris !
Who says the most sick of men ’ s sick and are and both .	“Last night House Judiciary Chairman Jerry Nadler admitted that Democrats are pursuing Impeachment because it’s too dangerous to simply let the American people pick the next president in 2020 . ” kilmeade FoxNews
We ’ s and not his suit to the matter .	Looking like a big win for Boris in the U . K . !
No more in her bed or another heart .	Thank you Charlie !
Call the last night .	Nancy Pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for “two and a half years . ” In other words , she lied . This was the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats plan all along , long before the Ukraine phone call . Impeachment Hoax !
To her that find ’ s to be bound to give it .	. . . . . What’s gone on the last three years is not reasonable . The majority has been so abusive . ”
The time and be the crown of her ” The sun ’ s the sun and the time of her ”	. . . . . by Congress , by the Justice Department & , FBI friends of the Democrats , who hated the president when he was nothing but a candidate . At some point somebody should have said , wait a minute , this is out of control , this train is off the tracks , it’s time to get reasonable . ”
I the man of a kind of her words , a fine of her .	replouiegohmert “This is so surreal . For three years , this President has been harassed . He’s been electronically surveilled , spied upon , allegations have never ceased , they continue , and their continuing today . At some point you would think you would look at the abuse . . . . .
I pray you you have to answer me in my answer .	“I think it’s obvious to all the American public that this is a railroad job ! ” JimPressOffice
My lord of her that ’ s bed , Who ’ s ’ s ’ s Not a man ' s man of her ”	I also have constantly asked , “Why aren’t Germany , France and other European countries helping Ukraine more ? They are the biggest beneficiaries . Why is it always the good ol’ United States ? ” The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , never mention this at their phony hearing !
The when the same walk from the table .	Dems Veronica Escobar and Jackson Lee purposely misquoted my call . I said I want you to do us ( our Country ! ) a favor , not me a favor . They know that but decided to LIE in order to make a fraudulent point ! Very sad .
Give my wife her wife tonight at her her .	Getting VERY close to a BIG DEAL with China . They want it , and so do we !
Why , the office and his state , And England ’ s crown .	Big ! ! !
The bond is the greater than our bond .	ANTIFA will not be going after Bryce or ColbyCovMMA anytime soon . They much prefer people who can’t fight back !
My thoughts on the business in England and her men .	#ThrowbackThursday
What , in the business ’ s man ’ tis no business .	I agree !
The other bond on the bond is .	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! ! !
We ’ s a more than a man hath no more than the matter .	Many Republican Senators want me to Veto the FISA Bill until we find out what led to , and happened with , the illegal attempted “coup” of the duly elected President of the United States , and others !
My last night , Who ’ s last night Are “ Are	Will be interviewed at 5:00 A . M . Eastern by JoeSquawk on CNBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland . Enjoy !
Who is our people put her to her ” to her ”	KEEPING THE WORKPLACE SAFE , ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES TO . . . .
The time to his fortunes , Which is the state of his purpose .	Thank you Philip !
The men ’ s answer of the other men ’ s his French ”	Intelligence has just reported to me that I was correct , and that they did NOT bring up the CoronaVirus subject matter until late into January , just prior to my banning China from the USA Also , they only spoke of the Virus in a very non-threatening , or matter of fact , manner . . .
So ’ s a friend to make us a people .	I was thrilled to be back in the American Heartland with thousands of loyal , hardworking IOWA Patriots ! 20 days from now , we are going to win IOWA , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House !
The the world hath his lords to his lords and his lords of our lords .	The “suburban housewife” will be voting for me . They want safety &; are thrilled that I ended the long running program where low income housing would invade their neighborhood . Biden would reinstall it , in a bigger form , with Corey Booker in charge ! foxandfriends MariaBartiromo
The matter must be now , let her work .	ENJOY !
The time is very well to him , ’ s more ' tis more .	Should never happen to another President !
Call it her her again .	Now the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , are asking senatemajldr Mitch McConnell to do the job that they were unable to do . They proved NOTHING but my total innocence in the House , despite the most unfair &; biased hearings in the history of Congress . Now they demand fairness !
Take a look at the fair and see these fair and fair .	. . . . are getting caught doing very evil things , and Republicans should take note . This was grave misconduct by the Obama Justice Department ! GovChristie
And yet I have heard her yet have heard of her yet not that ’ s men ’ s men have heard of her that they have heard of her never seem to her	KEEPING COMMERCIAL ESTABLISHMENTS SAFE , ENCOURAGE YOUR EMPLOYEES AND CUSTOMERS TO . . . .
My last night with her ” the last upon the last of her ”	Palm Sunday is the beginning of a Holy week for many people of Faith and a great day to lift our voices in Prayer . I will be tuning into Pastor greglaurie at harvestorg Church in Riverside , California tomorrow at 11:00 A . M . Eastern .
Call it no more than the better than bad .	I will protect your Social Security and Medicare , just as I have for the past 3 years . Sleepy Joe Biden will destroy both in very short order , and he won’t even know he’s doing it !
More than the thoughts of the bond .	Joe Biden must immediately release all emails , meetings , phone calls , transcripts , and records related to his involvement in his family’s business dealings and influence peddling around the world—including in CHINA !
Who is the the king he ’ s crown of his Who he ’ s ?	Watched billmaher last week for the first time in a long time . He’s totally SHOT , looks terrible , exhausted , gaunt , and weak . If there was ever a good reason for no shutdown , check out this jerk . He never had much going for him , but whatever he did have is missing in action !
Upon our work of the foul of her people ’ s her .	Next up , the Ballot Hoax !
Call her her and more in her bed .	KEEPING THE SCHOOL SAFE , ENCOURAGE YOUR FACULTY , STAFF , AND STUDENTS TO . . . .
What , that he was his death ?	KEEPING THE HOME SAFE , ENCOURAGE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS TO . . . .
Faith , the kind of the thought of the kind of this .	Disgraceful !
I pray you , and see the last of her ’ s the last by the last by the last by the last of her	108 countries are dealing with the CoronaVirus problem , some of which we are helping !
Did my men her that was his fortunes .	. . . . Fake News got it wrong again , as always , and tens of thousands of lives were saved by my EARLY BAN of China into our Country . The people that we’re allowed were heavily scrutinized and tested USA citizens , and as such , I welcome them with open arms !
The more he is a voice of more .	It is FAKE NEWS that HHSGov SecAzar is “sidelined” from the great job he is doing on the CoronaVirus Task Force . He has the total confidence of the VP and myself , and is doing a fantastic job , as the numbers would indicate !
Faith , a more than was his new was his new !	Congratulations to future Republican Star Marjorie Taylor Greene on a big Congressional primary win in Georgia against a very tough and smart opponent . Marjorie is strong on everything and never gives up - a real WINNER !
Your most most answered , why , why thou hast a bid him bid the very .	Thank you Cory !
My thoughts on her lord .	Spoke to Governor GavinNewsom early this morning about the cruise ship quarantined off the California Coast . CoronaVirus test kits have been delivered , testing is taking place now .
Look in my speech , my last well as well as well as well , and the morning , as you have a good morning , as well as my last of my lord , as well as well as well as well as well as well as well ,	Great job !
The next that your will for the next .	Can’t believe ATT keeps the management after yet another CNN ratings dive . Nobody watching , NO CREDIBILITY ! Maybe they should make changes at AT&amp , T ?
Give my peace .	Too bad , Corey would have won ! He ( and I ) loves New Hampshire .
My thoughts on her last with her ” .	Best equipment & , finest military in the World . On site quickly !
My lord on her .	HAPPY NEW YEAR !
The next of the next was of her .	Disgraceful !
What are all of our men ’ s people had made it made , and she had she , and she ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her men and think it !	Had a lengthy discussion this morning with President Macron of France concerning numerous subjects , but in particular the catastrophic event which took place in Beirut , Lebanon . . .
A fashion of her ” a work of her ’ s .	Great News , Mike !
Give my lord .	My Administration is with you all of the way , Tennessee . We love you !
The matter , a voice , sir , for your voice at me	Congratulations to Andrew Clyde on a big win last night against a strong opponent in #GA09 ! An early supporter of ours , Andrew will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Georgia !
Be sure to the night ’ s hear the night , and the night .	Congratulations to former Governor of New Jersey , Chris Christie , and all others involved , on a complete and total exoneration ( with a 9-0 vote by the USA Supreme Court ) on the Obama DOJ Scam referred to as “Bridgegate . ” The Democrats . . . .
The matter now a work of her ”	. . . . to it , as appropriate . The Task Force will also be very focused on Vaccines &; Therapeutics . Thank you !
My sword , and her Cassio ’ s a ” and the matter , my lord , and on the matter and her bed and her bed and Cassio ’ s bed and her	. . . . gloves , gowns etc . are now plentiful . The last four Governors teleconference calls have been conclusively strong . Because of this success , the Task Force will continue on indefinitely with its focus on SAFETY &; OPENING UP OUR COUNTRY AGAIN . We may add or subtract people . . . .
Why , this time .	. . . . produced in the thousands , and we have many to spare . We are helping other countries which are desperate for them . Likewise , after having been left little , we are now doing more testing than all other countries combined , and with superior tests . Face masks &; shields , . . . .
The second part of the second part with her ” at the matter .	Thank you Herschel !
My thoughts on her again .	He wants to raise taxes all over our Country !
Give my lord .	Thank you GovBillLee . We are a phone call away , and here for you !
Let me tonight be the people have a work at her ” and her her one of her ”	Big news , Oklahoma ! I’m proud to support infrastructure in your state with $13 . 7 million from USDOT for bus improvements across the state . SO important for helping people get where they need to go safely .
My state hath her her again .	Congratulations to the nypost for having exposed the massive corruption surrounding Sleepy Joe Biden and our Country . He’s always been a corrupt politician . Disgraceful !
My lord on the matter .	Their case was so “overwhelming” in the House that they need &; demand Witnesses in the Senate !
Look in my last with her that .	The White House CoronaVirus Task Force , headed by Vice President Mike Pence , has done a fantastic job of bringing together vast highly complex resources that have set a high standard for others to follow in the future . Ventilators , which were few &; in bad shape , are now being . . . .
This is the money in the money in your money to the .	. . . . lost for Evan “McMuffin” McMullin ( to me ) . Steve Schmidt &; Reed Galvin lost for John McCain , Romney’s campaign manager ( ? ) lost big to “O” , &; Jennifer Horn got thrown out of the New Hampshire Republican Party . They’re all LOSERS , but Abe Lincoln , Republican , is all smiles !
My thoughts on the thoughts of her never in her ” .	. . . . because they don’t know how to win , and their so-called Lincoln Project is a disgrace to Honest Abe . I don’t know what Kellyanne did to her deranged loser of a husband , Moonface , but it must have been really bad . John Weaver lost big for Kasich ( to me ) . Crazed Rick Wilson . . . .
Here ’ s thoughts of her last of her ' th ' last .	. . . . get even for all of their many failures . You see , these loser types don’t care about 252 new Federal Judges , 2 great Supreme Court Justices , a rebuilt military , a protected 2nd Amendment , biggest EVER Tax &; Regulation cuts , and much more . I didn’t use any of them . . . .
I spoke with her and yet , I see this watch today here , I have heard with him here with the matter and yet and see , and see today .	Does anyone notice how little the Radical Left takeover of Seattle is being discussed in the Fake News Media . That is very much on purpose because they know how badly this weakness &; ineptitude play politically . The Mayor &; Governor should be ashamed of themselves . Easily fixed !
Look in my lord , you ’ s bed , in the matter ’ s part of the way .	Congratulations to FoxNews !
You are on me , sir , now my lord , you have a little in my lord , on me a one of her .	Thank you Jonathan , and great job !
Some most of the most in the most like a most in the matter that most often you are most in the most of the most often you are heard of the most like a thing that the matter in the matter in the matter in the matter in the	Nice conflict . Brown dropped out of presidential race FAST . Polled at ZERO !
The more of your answer that in the next .	A group of RINO Republicans who failed badly 12 years ago , then again 8 years ago , and then got BADLY beaten by me , a political first timer , 4 years ago , have copied ( no imagination ) the concept of an ad from Ronald Reagan , “Morning in America” , doing everything possible to . . . .
My thoughts on her last of her ” as well as well hath the state at her	A great new book , “Fortitude: American Resilience in the Era of Outrage” by former Navy Seal , and current Texas Congressman DanCrenshawTX , is now available . A fantastic guy — get your copy today !
I will be the two of her in the other men ’ s blood .	Georgia will be receiving $13M in federal infrastructure funds from USDOT . BIG investment in bus facilities for people in metro Atlanta – must keep people moving safely ! MARTASERVICE
More of your answer that in the matter in my lord , Which is the matter in my lord , and you are to her that are done in her men in the matter in my men in my men in her men ’ s bed	I’ve gone through years of a Fake , Illegal , and Totally Discredited Witch-Hunt , and now it’s revealed that it was a Hoax by the “other side” , which must pay a price for what they did . Think of where we’d be now without Fake &; Fraudulent stories every night , for years ! ! !
My thoughts on her last of her eyes , I have made a late made of late made of late made of the last I have made of her people have made a people .	Interesting how ANTIFA and other Far Left militant groups can take over a city without barely a wimpier from soft Do Nothing Democrat leadership , yet these same weak leaders become RADICAL when it comes to shutting down a state or city and its hard working , tax paying citizens !
Mark it , the her that her hours of March , sir , for the ides of the Moor	. . . . I want to thank Acting Chief Mick Mulvaney for having served the Administration so well . He will become the United States Special Envoy for Northern Ireland . Thank you !
Give ’ s a one ’ s bed at the matter ’ s part at the matter ’ s part at the more ’ s a bed at her again at a ”	I am pleased to announce that Congressman Mark Meadows will become White House Chief of Staff . I have long known and worked with Mark , and the relationship is a very good one . . . .
I answer some of your daughters ' th ' faith .	I will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 8:00 A . M . Enjoy !
Look to the man ’ s that I will answer more than your answer .	THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER ! ! !
The come of the come from the night ’ s March come at the night at the night ’ s men ’ s bed	Just returned to White House from Dover . Very sad !
I answer your answer in the matter .	I fully agree !
Look in my lord , you from him , I ’ ll go from the way to the way of my lord , from her ?	Just had a great conversation with Prime Minister Abe of Japan . I told him that the just completed Olympic venue is magnificent . He has done an incredible job , one that will make him very proud . Good things will happen for Japan and their great Prime Minister . Lots of options !
Of the state of her never think of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Yesterday was a BIG day for Justice in the USA . Congratulations to General Flynn , and many others . I do believe there is MUCH more to come ! Dirty Cops and Crooked Politicians do not go well together !
I was with the morning .	Sleepy Joe Biden was in charge of the H1N1 Swine Flu epidemic which killed thousands of people . The response was one of the worst on record . Our response is one of the best , with fast action of border closings &; a 78% Approval Rating , the highest on record . His was lowest !
From the two Of two times her ” and the new	Michael Moore Torches Biden: He Lacks ‘Necessary Enthusiasm‘ to Beat Trump via BreitbartNews . Well , he was right in 2016 , and we do have great enthusiasm . Many say , done a fantastic job ! DJT
Look in the better .	“The Democrats want to run a Country , and they can’t run a Caucus . ” Brad Blakeman FoxNews Iowa is a complete disaster for the Dems . They should bring in Mini Mike Bloomberg ASAP !
Why with a more speech , a speech , the speech of her lord , and the matter in her ”	Thank you GovBillLee and MariaLeeTN . My Administration will always be there for the Great People of Tennessee . Together , we will prevail !
I was on her yesterday .	I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the ppploan if the allocated money runs out . So far , way ahead of schedule . BankofAmerica &; community banks are rocking ! SBAgov USTreasury
Give my speech a speech of her sleep .	We had previously scheduled our #MAGA Rally in Tulsa , Oklahoma , for June 19th – a big deal . Unfortunately , however , this would fall on the Juneteenth Holiday . Many of my African American friends and supporters have reached out to suggest that we consider changing the date out . . .
.	How is the Paris Accord doing ? Don’t ask !
Who 's a place a place to her ” to her ” .	Wonderful account of USA Embassy ( Iraq ) vs . the Benghazi disaster !
The matter of good good than you to her and yours .	Get this straightened out , Governor GavinNewsom
The matter of her without ’ s the matter .	Read the Transcripts !
The more of the good of the good of a good .	Very good meeting on the Middle East , the Military , and Trade . Heading back to The Southern White House ( Mar-a-Lago ! ) . Updates throughout the day .
Why , I will go to the next of the next of the next of the next of them .	To those many millions of people in Iraq who want freedom and who don’t want to be dominated and controlled by Iran , this is your time !
The March ’ s the March .	I will be signing our very large and comprehensive Phase One Trade Deal with China on January 15 . The ceremony will take place at the White House . High level representatives of China will be present . At a later date I will be going to Beijing where talks will begin on Phase Two !
Why , I thank you .	President Putin of Russia called to thank me and the USA for informing them of a planned terrorist attack in the very beautiful city of Saint Petersburg . They were able to quickly apprehend the suspects , with many lives being saved . Great & , important coordination !
Who ’ s a ” and her “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter and her ” and her ”	Armed congregants quickly stopped a crazed church shooter in Texas . If it were not for the fact that there were people inside of the church that were both armed , and highly proficient in using their weapon , the end result would have been catastrophic . A big THANK YOU to them !
The thank you .	DRAIN THE SWAMP !
Good fortune .	“The Obama White House had to immediately issue an apology for Joe Biden’s remarks , and any alarm that he might have caused , an alarm about a Swine Flu outbreak that took 6 months for President Obama to declare a National Emergency , and that killed 12 , 000 Americans . ” LouDobbs
Call you to her her again .	I will immediately ask Congress for more money to support small businesses under the #PPPloan if the allocated money runs out . So far , way ahead of schedule . BankofAmerica &; community banks are rocking ! SBAgov USTreasury
What a man is a fellow !	Jorge , you’re really tough and really smart . My Great Honor to have your support ! GamebredFighter
You thank you .	“Full Measure with Sheryl Attkisson” interview on ABC at 10:00 A . M . Sunday . Enjoy !
Ay , a man !	. . . . must read for anybody looking for USA Security and Protection . Go get it now and make Tom a Top Best Seller — he deserves it !
Who ’ s a one .	The United States cannot have all Mail In Ballots . It will be the greatest Rigged Election in history . People grab them from mailboxes , print thousands of forgeries and “force” people to sign . Also , forge names . Some absentee OK , when necessary . Trying to use Covid for this Scam !
Good my lord .	Many Democrats want to Defund and Abolish Police Departments . HOW CRAZY !
Why , so , so !	The United States of America supports the brave people of Iran who are protesting for their FREEDOM . We have under the Trump Administration , and always will !
Who was a great her was a great a great a great people !	True !
What ’ s the bond , and the bond will make you both .	Mini Mike Bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any Democrat , but to go after President Trump , only . The Failing New York Times thinks that is O . K . , because their hatred & , bias is so great they can’t even see straight . It’s not O . K . !
.	Just landed in the United Kingdom , heading to London for NATO meetings tomorrow . Prior to landing I read the Republicans Report on the Impeachment Hoax . Great job ! Radical Left has NO CASE . Read the Transcripts . Shouldn’t even be allowed . Can we go to Supreme Court to stop ?
I hate , after all the hard of that I never should work that .	The Fed should lower rates ( there is almost no inflation ) and loosen , making us competitive with other nations , and manufacturing will SOAR ! Dollar is very strong relative to others .
When the out of her men ’ s ’ s the knave ’ s of the play the matter , and the matter will be the world ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work in the play the	. . . . Their response to H1N1 Swine Flu was a full scale disaster , with thousands dying , and nothing meaningful done to fix the testing problem , until now . The changes have been made and testing will soon happen on a very large scale basis . All Red Tape has been cut , ready to go !
Faith , a more ’ s the state , and go , and go .	For decades the CDCgov looked at , and studied , its testing system , but did nothing about it . It would always be inadequate and slow for a large scale pandemic , but a pandemic would never happen , they hoped . President Obama made changes that only complicated things further . . . . .
Must be a Who by her men of her ” And the matter of her daughter ’ s the matter of her ”	Retired Ice Director Tom Homan knows more about the Border and Border Security than anyone . He’s a tough guy , but a good guy - and as smart as they come . His new book , “Defend The Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis” is a . . . .
From my house I to your own merry .	Big story . Hope Fake News covers it !
Ay , the best is the best .	People are fleeing California . Taxes too high , Crime too high , Brownouts too many , Lockdowns too severe . VOTE FOR TRUMP , WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE ! ! !
Why , I do so ?	I’ve done more in less than 4 years than Biden’s done in more than 40 years , including for Black America . Biden has been a part of every failed decision for decades . Bad Trade Deals , Endless Wars , you name it , he has shown a complete lack of leadership . He’s weak &; shot ! ! !
The best like the best place !	Allen , get well soon !
What 's !	Manufacturers are being held back by the strong Dollar , which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the Federal Reserve - Which has called interest rates and quantitative tightening wrong from the first days of Jay Powell !
There is no better place in the world than the world in the world ’ s man .	I will be making a public statement tomorrow at 12:00pm from the WhiteHouse to discuss our Country’s VICTORY on the Impeachment Hoax !
.	Almost One Million people request tickets for the Saturday Night Rally in Tulsa , Oklahoma !
Why , and good fortune .	A lot of interest in this story about Psycho Joe Scarborough . So a young marathon runner just happened to faint in his office , hit her head on his desk , &; die ? I would think there is a lot more to this story than that ? An affair ? What about the so-called investigator ? Read story !
Who 's a	Thank you to President Zelensky . Case over . The Do Nothing Democrats should finally go back to work !
The form of my form .	In the 3 decades before my election , NATO spending declined by two-thirds , and only 3 other NATO members were meeting their financial obligations . Since I took office , the number of NATO allies fulfilling their obligations more than DOUBLED , and NATO spending increased by $130B !
You thank you .	Great job by RepDougCollins of Georgia over the weekend in representing the Republican Party , and myself , against the Impeachment Hoax !
Call her her “ Call her her ” “ Call ’ s “ Call her ”	When Lisa Page , the lover of Peter Strzok , talks about being “crushed” , and how innocent she is , ask her to read Peter’s “Insurance Policy” text , to her , just in case Hillary loses . Also , why were the lovers text messages scrubbed after he left Mueller . Where are they Lisa ?
Who ’ s a one of a part of a ” ’ s part of a more than a ”	The Republican Party has NEVER been so united ! This Impeachment Scam is just a continuation of the 3 year Witch Hunt , but it is only bringing us even closer together !
You thank you , sir .	Not only did I see it Doks_Art , I think it is fantastic . You are a wonderful artist , never give up your dream !
Who to her men ’ s her that have been in her have two hundred letters of her have been a ”	Thank you to Great Republican SenJohnKennedy for the job he did in representing both the Republican Party and myself against Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd on Meet the Depressed !
The your else of it is no more than and and be no more .	Nancy Pelosi couldn’t care less about the American People or the great American Worker . She should approve needed STIMULUS now . Most other Dems agree . Republicans are ready to go , I am ready to sign ! ! !
.	If you want to get money into the hands of people quickly &; efficiently , let them have the full money that they earned , APPROVE A PAYROLL TAX CUT until the end of the year , December 31 . Then you are doing something that is really meaningful . Only that will make a big difference !
What 's a matter !	I agree with this . Watch !
Who ’ s a more born , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more than the more than a ” ’ s of her ”	The Far Left Fake News Media , which had no Covid problem with the Rioters &; Looters destroying Democrat run cities , is trying to Covid Shame us on our big Rallies . Won’t work !
Why , so , so .	VOTE TRUMP . SAVE YOUR 2ND . AMENDMENT .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Thank you to Congressman Ben Cline4Virginia for the Great remarks this morning on the illegitimate Impeachment Hoax . He understands the Do Nothing Democrats very well . Also , and as usual , RepAndyBiggsAZ was fantastic !
He is a more than he will but the heavens !	Heading to Europe to represent our Country and fight hard for the American People while the Do Nothing Democrats purposely scheduled an Impeachment Hoax hearing on the same date as NATO . Not nice !
O , ho !	The Do Nothing Democrats get 3 Constitutional lawyers for their Impeachment hoax ( they will need them ! ) , the Republicans get one . Oh , that sounds fair !
What a a an an an “ ”	“When the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers , then we have totally upended the rule of law . Nobody is safe and everybody is in trouble . Our system of government is under attack . ” GovMikeHuckabee
What 's a matter !	“The Democrats don’t have any evidence , but they are still going to do it anyway . That’s the sham that’s going on here . ” jasoninthehouse Chaffetz
The house , and be gone to be the matter .	Breaking News: The President of Ukraine has just again announced that President Trump has done nothing wrong with respect to Ukraine and our interactions or calls . If the Radical Left Democrats were sane , which they are not , it would be case over !
The days of hope in the days and days of yours .	“The United States has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion . I don’t think we’ve seen numbers like that . ” Mohamed El-Erian , Allianz Chief Economic Adviser . But despite this there is tremendous potential for growth , far greater than most have understood !
God God ’ s a goodly John , ’ s ’ s part of the thing God ’ s part of the thing ’ s part of the thing ,	“The American people are going to see this for what it is . It is a political effort by the Democrats , and the President certainly doesn’t have to aid in the Impeachment effort . ” Robert Ray MariaBartiromo Democrats are getting “killed” in their home districts . 2020 !
What a man ’ s a friend !	“The process has been unfair . Republicans can’t even get their own witnesses . It gets me that Adam Schiff is not punishable for lying , in any way . ” MariaBartiromo
You have your voice of her voice .	USA Markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of Tariffs on 3/1/2018 - and the USA is taking in massive amounts of money ( and giving some to our farmers , who have been targeted by China ) !
What ’ s a man !	. . . . . Reserve should likewise act so that countries , of which there are many , no longer take advantage of our strong dollar by further devaluing their currencies . This makes it very hard for our manufactures & , farmers to fairly export their goods . Lower Rates & , Loosen - Fed !
The matter of the matter .	Brazil and Argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies . which is not good for our farmers . Therefore , effective immediately , I will restore the Tariffs on all Steel & , Aluminum that is shipped into the USA from those countries . The Federal . . . .
Good my lord !	“It is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that Speaker Pelosi said for months was essential for Impeachment . ” Chris Wallace FoxNews
They ’ s a ”	“What Really Happened”
The great her will be great be !	“Trump Economy Breaks Holiday Shopping Records . ” FoxNews
When I was found the people was years since it was .	Great writer and historian , Doug Wead , has written a true ( not Fake News ) account of what is going on in Washington and the White House . His new book , INSIDE TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE , is an incredible description of a very exciting and successful time in our Country’s history . Buy it !
Who for a soldier , and that was his years , and I ’ s heart , and I ’ s them !	“Donald Trump was framed back in 2016 . ” MariaBartiromo 100% correct , Maria , and we can never let this happen to another president again !
Call her a wrong !	. . . . in America , community by community where we will eradicate AIDS in 10 years , program already started . American leadership has proven that together we can save lives .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	On World AIDS Day , The First Lady and I express our support for those living with HIV/AIDS and mourn the lives lost . We reaffirm our commitment to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic . . . .
Who came the Which hath came to her and his charge .	“Schiff’s impeachment hearings wasting time when Congress must do real work”
What love have you to her love ’ s love .	“Trump did nothing impeachable , day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows” GreggJarrett
Good cause to a man .	An incredible experience !
The time is often the often the life .	The Federal Reserve must FINALLY lower the Fed Rate to something comparable to their competitor Central Banks . Jay Powell and group are putting us at a decided economic &; physiological disadvantage . Should never have been this way . Also , STIMULATE !
I will !	I always stand with leaders who weren’t afraid to stand early with me . That’s why I am supporting a true conservative , DanJohnstonND for State Treasurer of North Dakota !
Who is the Great of the fashion !	Our testing is so much bigger and more advanced than any other country ( we have done a great job on this ! ) that it shows more cases . Without testing , or weak testing , we would be showing almost no cases . Testing is a double edged sword - Makes us look bad , but good to have ! ! !
And thou art but to be .	Chuck , we will get lower drug prices done . Thanks !
What 's !	To this point , and because we have had a very strong border policy , we have had 40 deaths related to CoronaVirus . If we had weak or open borders , that number would be many times higher !
Who ’ s her that was his chamber was the last of her chamber .	This is a horrible and very unfair situation . The real crimes were on the other side , as nothing happens to them . Cannot allow this miscarriage of justice !
Give her lady ’ s a work in the people ’ s work in the matter ’ s men ’ s work as the her	Vote MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th ! His opponent ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers , and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay . Now she’s mocking our Great Vets ! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25 !
You ’ ll be you ’ ll be gone .	. . . . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and Second Amendment . Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin , is a big Tax Cutter , and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Vote for Tom Tiffany !
What ’ s a more , I ’ ll tell the truth .	Just landed in the Great State of Arizona !
I do so both !	THANK YOU IOWA ! #MAGA
What ’ s a bed .	LAW &; ORDER !
Be sure to see the matter tonight on the first of her ?	I will be having a news conference today at 3:00 P . M . , The White House . Topic: CoronaVirus !
The matter like the blow the women !	Tom Tiffany ( TomTiffanyWI ) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin ( WI07 ) . We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again ! He will Fight for Small Business , supports our Incredible Farmers , Loves our Military and our Vets . . . .
Why , that thou hast a great me .	Great !
What 's !	Just left the White House , on my way to the Great State of Iowa !
What should a heavy .	You are right !
The March ’ s the March .	“Trump team should get 'a lot of credit' for fast coronavirus stimulus: CBO”
Who ’ s the matter that in the same live of the soldier was of the matter .	“We have greater confidence in our call for a V-shaped recovery , given recent upside surprises in growth data and policy action . ” Chetan Ahya , Chief Economist at Morgan Stanley
This is a second second bed .	THE LONE WARRIOR !
The more ’ s the matter of her ’ s man !	BEST USA ECONOMY IN HISTORY !
What people , are a work of her , Who , ’ s men , ’ s men , ’ s men of her that .	WOW , BLOOMBERG IS A TOTAL RACIST !
.	nytimes “The Votes Were A Resounding Victory For Mr . Trump . ” True , but the Impeachment Hoax was just a continuation of the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats corrupt practices !
What ever of men ’ s men should be fire !	Join me on Thursday afternoon ( 1:00pmE ) in Greenville , North Carolina at the Pitt-Greenville Airport ! #MAGA
The Great peace , I do fear of men .	To unleash the full power of the Federal Government in this effort , today I am officially declaring a National Emergency .
I hope that ’ s a hope to the matter ’ s great a man ’ s	Had failed presidential candidate MittRomney devoted the same energy and anger to defeating a faltering Barack Obama as he sanctimoniously does to me , he could have won the election . Read the Transcripts !
.	Great being in New Hampshire last night . I would say that was the biggest political Rally in New Hampshire history . Incredible evening !
You are a fair a fair men ’ s fair and ever be most fair and fair a fair ”	On my way to Milwaukee , Wisconsin for a #TrumpRally . Look forward to see you all soon !
They did me to say as a soldier was to his thoughts ’ s thoughts !	So many great people mentioned in this article . Thank you !
In the matter for the chain was of her times at the matter .	So true !
Who ’ s the March ’ s men ’ s ’ s ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll	We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care they need . No resource will be spared !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	So in California , the Democrats , who fought like crazy to get all mail in only ballots , and succeeded , have just opened a voting booth in the most Democrat area in the State . They are trying to steal another election . It’s all rigged out there . These votes must not count . SCAM !
God God ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of him ' s ’ s ’ s a ”	Good idea Dana !
In our country , our country hath the country .	Wow ! May retail sales show biggest one-month increase of ALL TIME , up 17 . 7% . Far bigger than projected . Looks like a BIG DAY FOR THE STOCK MARKET , AND JOBS !
What it is the more of her be , ’ s the will be of the matter !	Be sure to watch , “Witch Hunt , the Flynn Vindication” hosted by the very knowledgeable GreggJarrett on FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P . M . This is yet another part of the greatest Criminal Hoax in American History !
I find the people in these children hath killed the York in the York in York in the York in the York of her daughter .	Steyer is a major loser . Just doesn’t get it . This is second time with Bernie !
Who spoke , for the more ’ s man in his chamber .	New Stock Market RECORD . Congratulations , spend your money wisely . KEEP AMERICA GREAT ! ! ! ! !
What is every country ’ s country and the day is the day and day .	My friend , Congressman TomEmmer , is doing a tremendous job for the people of Minnesota ! He strongly supports our brave Law Enforcement &; National Guard , fights for our Vets and works hard to Cut your Taxes ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN06
I never did lie .	Congressman PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota ! A former professional hockey player , Pete knows how to win . He stands for Law Enforcement , Small Business and our Vets . Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN08
Who hath not made a played the isle .	At my request , effective midnight tonight , Carnival , Royal Caribbean , Norwegian , and MSC have all agreed to suspend outbound cruises for thirty days . It is a great and important industry – it will be kept that way !
Who hath not made a played the isle .	. CNN is Fake News . They will take a good story and make it as bad as is humanly possible . They are a JOKE !
Who , her not , her that I never for her .	So true !
Who ’ s a very true and ’ s true !	Mini Mike is a short ball ( very ) hitter . Tiny club head speed . KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
What 's a sound of great sound !	Mike has my complete &; total endorsement . We need him badly in Washington . A great fighter pilot &; hero , &; a brilliant Annapolis grad , Mike will never let you down . Mail in ballots , &; check that they are counted !
The things I love is my love is the business of all . ” And that I ’ s love of her love .	They are taking the nomination away from Bernie for a second time . Rigged !
What , ’ s her that is but it !	. . . . No matter where you may be , I encourage you to turn towards prayer in an act of faith . Together , we will easily PREVAIL !
A friend is one that hath the same enemies .	It is my great honor to declare Sunday , March 15th as a National Day of Prayer . We are a Country that , throughout our history , has looked to God for protection and strength in times like these . . . .
All that is an an ass should have a dog of him , and a dog , like a dog .	Nevada , I hear you on Yucca Mountain and my Administration will RESPECT you ! Congress and previous Administrations have long failed to find lasting solutions – my Administration is committed to exploring innovative approaches – I’m confident we can get it done !
You have a voice of her voice .	When Jerome Powell started his testimony today , the Dow was up 125 , &; heading higher . As he spoke it drifted steadily downward , as usual , and is now at -15 . Germany &; other countries get paid to borrow money . We are more prime , but Fed Rate is too high , Dollar tough on exports .
Call it her March .	I will be holding a News Conference at 3:30 P . M . at the White House . Thank you !
Who as a man ’ s a ”	Corrected Fake News !
The wonder of her ” Call her her again .	TRANSITION TO GREATNESS !
No money that bad that no more ill , Who hath nothing , for it is nothing .	Today’s SCOTUS ruling is a historic win for families who want SCHOOL CHOICE NOW ! #SchoolChoice is a civil rights issue , and no parent should have to send their child to a failing school . I will continue to fight for School Choice and will always defend Religious Freedom !
Can you believe the my my my fortune be the wind ?	We are helping Apple all of the time on TRADE and so many other issues , and yet they refuse to unlock phones used by killers , drug dealers and other violent criminal elements . They will have to step up to the plate and help our great Country , NOW ! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN .
For those of you , that in these times , Who ever give them .	Welcome back to Earth , Astro_Christina , and congratulations on breaking the female record for the longest stay in space ! You’re inspiring young women and making the USA proud ! Enjoyed speaking with you and Astro_Jessica on the first all-female spacewalk IN HISTORY last year .
Who ’ s a ”	Thank you . We love our boaters !
.	Nobody has ever done as much for Iowa as I have done for Iowa - Not even close ! ! !
The time must make the bond of the great bond .	A great &; wonderful woman !
What many of her , ’ s lost the many of nature hath lost ?	Bus investments are in the works for the people of Nebraska ! I’m sending $13 . 6M from USDOT in federal infrastructure funds for improvements to bus service in Omaha . Great news !
What ’ s her ” Will be her again To her ” To her ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s her ” To her men ’ s her ” To her ” To her ” To her men ’ s her work her work her ” To	Happy to announce that USDOT is providing $12 . 5M in federal infrastructure funds for bus improvements for the great people of Alabama . huntsvillecity
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	. . . . went on at the White House during some extremely interesting and important times . So many good stories by someone who , unlike most other so called writers , was actually there , and a part of the action - of which there was plenty . Go buy this book , a job well done !
The earth that I go to the worst .	Americans are the strongest and most resilient people on earth . . . We will remove or eliminate every obstacle necessary to deliver our people the care that they need , and that they are entitled to . No resource will be spared .
The worst that are the worst of the thing is like a thing is seem to make a seem to make a worst .	CA25 is a Rigged Election . Trying to steal it from MikeGarcia2020 . GavinNewsom must act now !
Why , that you have many of our great bad .	A very biased “journalist” .
Why , you thank you , you thank you , I thank you , I thank you , I thank you , you , you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ s part of a thing you ’ ll have a part of a part of a	America owes our very hard working food supply workers so much as they produce and deliver high quality food for us during this horrible COVID-19 . Join me in thanking our Farmers , Ranchers , Processors , Distributors and Stores ! JohnBoozman
Who 's a	As I watch the Pandemic spread its ugly face all across the world , including the tremendous damage it has done to the USA , I become more and more angry at China . People can see it , and I can feel it !
Call her again !	Chris Jacobs ( JacobsNY27 ) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York . He is Strong on the Border , our Military and Vets , and the Second Amendment . Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Chris on June 23 ! #NY27
The matter is thought of her thoughts of her eyes .	. . . . the health and well-being of American families FIRST . Look forward to signing the final Bill , ASAP !
The love you are your work , and the world in the world will be in the better in the better of her work and with her .	. . . . the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Labor to issue regulations that will provide flexibility so that in no way will Small Businesses be hurt . I encourage all Republicans and Democrats to come together and VOTE YES ! I will always put . . . .
Good fortune to her ” ’ s a bed , and her again tonight .	I agree !
I ’ ll be lost the years of her eyes , and all .	The Paycheck Protection Program is up and running ! The program is open to nonprofits as well , so banks be sure to sign up our Great Religious and Veteran Organizations that need help !
He is by the of her yesterday .	Congressman Jim Hagedorn ( JimHagedornMN ) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota ! He fights for our Farmers , Vets and Small Businesses , and he strongly defends your Second Amendment ! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN01
Great a man by her men ’ s great her work .	This is a battle to save the Heritage , History , and Greatness of our Country ! #MAGA2020
What ’ s the worst are kind of a fool .	Congressman LeeZeldin is a fighter for New York ! He serves our Country in the Army Reserve &; works hard for our Vets &; First Responders . He’ll stand with our Police against Radical Liberal attempts to defund them . Lee has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
The men of her men ’ s own part , I ’ s own show .	A disgrace . Total corruption !
The way I do me in my free .	. . . At 3pm this afternoon , spoke to President Aoun of Lebanon to inform him that 3 large aircraft are on the way , loaded up with Medical Supplies , Food and Water . Also , First Responders , Technicians , Doctors , and Nurses on the way . . .
Who ’ the “ Who ’ s her ”	I fully support H . R . 6201: Families First CoronaVirus Response Act , which will be voted on in the House this evening . This Bill will follow my direction for free CoronaVirus tests , and paid sick leave for our impacted American workers . I have directed . . . .
What ’ s men to her men ’ s ' tis to thank her and thank you and have been the Lord of her men to her men of her men ’ s bed and her men ’ s bed and her men to have to work to her	Governor GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants , beaches and stores open , but he installs a voting both system in a highly Democrat area ( supposed to be mail in ballots only ) because our great candidate , MikeGarcia2020 , is winning by a lot . CA25 Rigged Election !
The that are that you call in the sin of the sin is doubt .	. . . . We will get through this together , and bats will be swinging before you know it . In the meantime , take care of mom and dad , and know that this will not be forever ! littleleagueceo
.	To all of our youth who are missing the start of their LittleLeague seasons , hang in there ! We will get you back out on the fields , and know that you will be playing baseball soon . . . .
The wind of her that ’ s the wind of our Majesty are our Majesty .	The Democrats are trying to Rig the 2020 Election , plain and simple !
Call her a better than her men ’ s promise .	. LyndaBennettNC has my Complete &; Total Endorsement . She is a great fighter &; ally in North Carolina . Lynda is Strong on Crime , Borders , Military , our Great Vets &; 2A . She will be a great help to me in DC . We need Lynda to help DRAIN THE SWAMP ! VOTE EARLY !
You thank you .	To those families and citizens who are worried and concerned for themselves and their loved ones , I want you to know that your Federal Government will unleash every authority , resource and tool at its disposal to safeguard the lives and health of our people .
O , ho !	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer just said , “The American people want a fair trial in the Senate . ” True , but why didn’t Nervous Nancy and Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff give us a fair trial in the House . It was the most lopsided &; unfair basement hearing in the history of Congress !
What ’ s no harm !	. . . vacationing , relaxing &; making shady deals with other countries , &; that Barack was always playing golf , doing much of his traveling in a fume spewing 747 to play golf in Hawaii - Once even teeing off immediately after announcing the gruesome death of a great young man by ISIS !
Why , that you should thank you , good a good boy .	Sleepy Joe’s representatives have just put out an ad saying that I went to play golf ( exercise ) today . They think I should stay in the White House at all times . What they didn’t say is that it’s the first time I’ve played golf in almost 3 months , that Biden was constantly . . . . .
.	On foxandfriends Now ! Enjoy !
What ’ s a man should never should be more than he would have ’ s never should be of her ?	Thank you Gayle !
When I made the show of the show of the day , that day was good day .	I give , and have given from the beginning , my entire yearly salary , $400 , 000 to $450 , 000 , back to our government . Last check to HHS Covid relief . My great honor !
.	True !
The time I ’ ll make a quarrel with your spirits .	I will be having a White House CoronaVirus Task Force meeting in a short while . May or may not do a News Conference after the meeting , depending on new information . Talks &; meetings today are proving promising , but a rough two weeks are coming up !
.	. . . Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so . Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MNSEN
The men , you ’ s own men ’ s never have made of France .	Jason Lewis ( LewisForMN ) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota ! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes , Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
What ’ s great be tonight , and he ’ s great him !	Happy to send $18 MILLION in USDOT funding to Utah to support their transit infrastructure and improve bus service . Huge and badly needed investment in the Cache Valley Region !
.	“This President has done more for African Americans in this Country than any President since Lincoln . ” LouDobbs
.	Great new book by former Director of Oval Office Operations , Madeleine Westerhout , entitled “Off the Record” . When I look at all of the Fake Books and garbage written about me , it’s really nice to see a very smart and already wise young woman write an honest depiction of what . . . .
Who , that same people have her men , again ?	Among many other very important events , meetings , and calls !
When I ’ s a work in her ” it came in the matter .	Big improvements in rural bus service will be on their way to Michigan ! I am awarding $27 . 8M in federal funding through USDOT to improve bus service statewide . SO important for transit in this great state !
.	Sending $8 . 3M in USDOT funding to North Carolina for bus and bus facility improvements in Asheville , Fayetteville , and Chapel Hill . Glad to support bus service in these areas !
The lust and your love ’ s love !	All starting to unravel with the ridiculous 9 year sentence recommendation !
What 's and ay , ay , ay ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a thing and ay , and ay , ay , ay , and ay , ay , and ay !	“The Senate acquitted President Trump of both charges fabricated by Congressional Democrats , led by Speaker Pelosi and Adam Schiff , to carry out the most egregious and partisan attack against any president in our history - a man they knew to be innocent . ” LouDobbs FoxBusiness
Why , a thank you .	. . . And many more !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	We are learning much about the Invisible Enemy . It is tough and smart , but we are tougher and smarter !
What 's Take thy lord !	I am sending $15M from USDOT to beautiful North Dakota ! This federal funding will support bus service for people from Bismarck to Grand Forks and several other areas statewide . Congratulations !
Who ’ s a ” for her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Congrats to Colorado who will be receiving $14 . 9M in federal infrastructure funds from USDOT . Happy to support bus service for residents throughout this great state !
What ’ s a good ?	Honored to send $25 . 9 MILLION in USDOT funds to the great State of Texas to support bus infrastructure improvements . Congratulations to the MANY Texans who will benefit !
Who ’ s a more be so sure !	At the request of many great Americans who live in the Suburbs , and others , I am studying the AFFH housing regulation that is having a devastating impact on these once thriving Suburban areas . Corrupt Joe Biden wants to make them MUCH WORSE . Not fair to homeowners , I may END !
Call ’ s again !	Is this the Judge that put Paul Manafort in SOLITARY CONFINEMENT , something that not even mobster Al Capone had to endure ? How did she treat Crooked Hillary Clinton ? Just asking !
Why , a great place , two of great place !	New Hampshire will receive nearly $822K in USDOT funds for bus service in the city of Nashua . Happy to support RideBigBlue and keep the people of Nashua moving !
What a man is a her ?	Congrats to Pennsylvania for receiving $11 . 5M in federal infrastructure funds from USDOT . Huge investments in Hazleton and Erie County to improve transit service and bring an economic boost to these areas !
.	BIG bucks heading to Illinois ! $18 . 9M in federal infrastructure funds from USDOT will be awarded to ConnectTransit , CityLinkPeoria , and PaceSuburbanBus for improvements to bus service in the areas . Congratulations !
I will !	White House news conference at 6:45 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
The last you have a great night .	Having the G7 meeting in Washington is very important for those countries , and the World !
The love the men of the bond of it seem to the way .	I’m awarding $14 . 7M in USDOT funding to New Jersey to support bus infrastructure in passaic_county . Helping make sure people can move quickly and safely !
The last of your last was great last will win .	. . . And a swamp creature with “pull” was just sentenced to two months in jail for a similar thing that they want Stone to serve 9 years for . A phony Mueller Witch Hunt disgrace . Caught !
Who ’ s a ” The other of her !	She gets fired by CNN for giving Crooked Hillary the debate questions , and gets hired by FoxNews . Where are you Roger Ailes ?
Who ’ s a was a great fellow and a fellow .	A great man for Washington ! Will Drain the Swamp !
Call the good be the good work !	Why is it that all of the political pundits &; consultants that I beat so easily &; badly , people that charged their clients far more than their services were worth , have become so totally “unhinged” when it come to your favorite President , me . These people are stone cold crazy !
What ’ s a good strength ’ s good thing .	Whatever happened to Hillary campaign manager Podesta’s BROTHER ? Wasn’t he caught , forced to leave his firm , with BIG BAD things to happen ? Why did nothing ever happen to him , only to the “other” side ?
Who was a great and will be dead !	. . . . he will be successful , especially as the weather starts to warm &; the virus hopefully becomes weaker , and then gone . Great discipline is taking place in China , as President Xi strongly leads what will be a very successful operation . We are working closely with China to help !
What 's !	Just had a long and very good conversation by phone with President Xi of China . He is strong , sharp and powerfully focused on leading the counterattack on the Coronavirus . He feels they are doing very well , even building hospitals in a matter of only days . Nothing is easy , but . . .
Why , so most better ?	He knew the questions and still couldn’t answer them . Lamestream Media being laughed at all over the world !
You thank you .	. gayletrotter “To this day the establishment media have not admitted that they were wrong and the President was right . ” FoxNews
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Don’t worry , it won’t happen !
Call her a ”	Starting early next week , at my order , the USA will be purchasing , from our Farmers , Ranchers &; Specialty Crop Growers , 3 Billion Dollars worth of Dairy , Meat &; Produce for Food Lines &; Kitchens . “FARMERS TO FAMILY FOOD BOX” Great news for all ! SecretarySonny ZippyDuvall
You thank you .	The Ten Most Dangerous Cities in the USA are ALL run by Democrats , and this has gone on for DECADES !
Who ’ s a matter ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s part of a thing ’ s love ’ s part of a	Elizabeth Warren , sometimes referred to as Pocahontas , is having a really bad night . I think she is sending signals that she wants out . Calling for unity is her way of getting there , going home , and having a “nice cold beer” with her husband !
You thank you .	For humanitarian reasons , the passengers from the two CoronaVirus stricken cruise ships have been given medical treatment and , when appropriate , allowed to disembark , under strict supervision . Very carefully done . People we’re dying &; no other countries would allow them to dock !
Why , you thank you , you thank you , I thank you , I thank you , I thank you , you , you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ s part of a thing you ’ ll have a part of a part of a	RobertSuppa . Thanks
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ”	Thank you Gayle . I only wish the public could fully understand how corrupt &; dishonest so much of our Lamestream Media is . My Press Conferences are vital . They are reaching millions of people that are not being told the truth , &; haven’t been for years ( Witch-Hunts , Fake News ) !
What ’ s that I know ’ s a wit , thou art a more of a say .	Impeachment King Steyer ( how did that work out ? ) spent 200 Million Dollars and got less than 1% of the vote in Iowa , and only 3% of the Vote in New Hampshire . Could it be that something is just plain missing ? Not easy to do what I did , is it ?
Who 's a matter	Happy National Hispanic Heritage Month !
Who 's a matter	I will be interviewed by MariaBartiromo on FoxBusiness this morning at 7:30 . A . M . Enjoy !
.	A GREAT woman . Her son is looking down from heaven &; is very proud of his wonderful &; loving mom ! ! !
Why , a a ” a bed .	Governor GavinNewsom of California won’t let restaurants , beaches and stores open , but he installs a voting booth system in a highly Democrat area ( supposed to be mail in ballots only ) because our great candidate , MikeGarcia2020 , is winning by a lot . CA25 Rigged Election !
We ’ s coming of all of men ’ s great men ’ s ’ s great men ’ s head .	Democrats and Biden didn’t even mention the Anarchists , Agitators , Looters and so called “Peaceful Protesters” at their Convention . They will allow rampant crime , just as they do in Portland . If they ask us , as they must do , we will end crime in their Democrat run cities , FAST !
Tell him that you have done his life , and his reason to our our work .	Schools in our country should be opened ASAP . Much very good information now available . SteveHiltonx FoxNews
What ’ s great a great a great great ’ s great ’ s great great a great ’ s great a great a great a great men !	Good teamwork between Republicans &; Democrats as the House passes the big CoronaVirus Relief Bill . People really pulled together . Nice to see !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	USA STRONG !
Who ’ s a ”	Very poor morning TV ratings for MSDNC’s Morning Joe , headed by a complete Psycho named Joe Scarborough and his ditzy airhead wife , Mika , and also CNN , headed by complete unknowns . Congratulations to foxandfriends on dominating the mornings ( thank you President Trump ! ) .
Why , a matter .	Who are the four prosecutors ( Mueller people ? ) who cut and ran after being exposed for recommending a ridiculous 9 year prison sentence to a man that got caught up in an investigation that was illegal , the Mueller Scam , and shouldn’t ever even have started ? 13 Angry Democrats ?
The matter of my lord and talk of a call them !	Democrats Hate that I called for Big Pharma to match the lowest prescription drug prices in the World by using a FAVORED NATIONS CLAUSE . Prices will plunge !
The Moor should break her times her promise .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The great do be in his new talk of his new .	A lot of Democrat dropouts tonight , very low political I . Q .
Why , the thank you and keep the great work !	The Fake News Media is giving KamalaHarris a free pass despite her Radical Left failures and very poor run in the Democrat Primary . There was nobody meaner or more condescending to Slow Joe , not even me , and yet she quickly evaporated down to almost zero in the polls . Bad !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	. . . to find , with all of the jobs and economic development it brings , another Republican National Convention site . This is not something I want to do . Thank you , and I LOVE the people of North Carolina !
Why , ’ t will be great a great .	. . . made by many thousands of enthusiastic Republicans , and others , to head to beautiful North Carolina in August . They must be immediately given an answer by the Governor as to whether or not the space will be allowed to be fully occupied . If not , we will be reluctantly forced . . .
Why , a matter .	THANK YOU WEF !
But ’ s work !	LIGHT AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL !
Great 's the day of this was to her ” !	I love the Great State of North Carolina , so much so that I insisted on having the Republican National Convention in Charlotte at the end of August . Unfortunately , Democrat Governor , RoyCooperNC is still in Shutdown mood &; unable to guarantee that by August we will be allowed . . .
Call .	. . . full attendance in the Arena . In other words , we would be spending millions of dollars building the Arena to a very high standard without even knowing if the Democrat Governor would allow the Republican Party to fully occupy the space . Plans are being . . . .
O , ho !	Drug companies , which are being forced by me to substantially reduce Drug Prices , are taking $millions in ads saying I want to increase Medicare Primiums . Wrong , just the opposite ! These ads show DRUG PRICES ARE GOING DOWN , and they are not happy ! False advertising !
Call up and the best will .	HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY !
Why , a little thing that makes a little . ”	Will be interviewed by Varneyco on FoxBusiness at 10:00 A . M . Enjoy !
The that ’ s that ’ s that should be done .	TRANSITION TO GREATNESS ! Get ready , it is already happening again !
.	“Not the Senate’s job to mop up the mess made in the House by the Democrats . Biden admitted that he went to Ukraine and did the Quid Pro Quo . ” SteveScalise FoxNews
Was ’ s a great men , great fellow !	Heading to North Carolina soon . Really Big Crowd . We will have a great time ! ! !
As I said to this a soldier .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
.	Great to be back in Philadelphia . Thank you Pennsylvania , see you again soon ! #MAGA
I thank you for her that her was the morning .	Heading back to Washington from Davos , Switzerland . Very successful ( for USA ) trip !
.	I know better than anyone that my friend Roger Ailes died 3 years ago , just look at what happened to FoxNews . We all miss Roger ! ! !
What ’ s a thousand times of a great good food .	A very bad night for Mini Mike !
The day I ’ s his wealth and day by day .	Bootedgeedge ( Buttigieg ) is doing pretty well tonight . Giving Crazy Bernie a run for his money . Very interesting !
Well , good good good good good good good .	Advertising in the Failing New York Times is WAY down . Washington Post is not much better . I can’t say whether this is because they are Fake News sources of information , to a level that few can understand , or the Virus is just plain beating them up . Fake News is bad for America !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party , a record . 53% Approval Rating overall ( can we add 7 to 10 percent because of the Trump “thing ? ” ) . Thank you !
Why , ’ s part so , so ’ s ’ s the key of the other of her .	One of the many great things about our just signed giant Trade Deal with China is that it will bring both the USA &; China closer together in so many other ways . Terrific working with President Xi , a man who truly loves his country . Much more to come !
The her with the men of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Joint Statement of the United States , the State of Israel , and the United Arab Emirates
In the women have been made of her ” , and that ’ s one of her .	Joe Biden was a TOTAL FAILURE in Government . He “bungled” everything that he touched !
A little from the guest of her men yesterday and let us have ’ s man .	Will be interviewed on seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Enjoy !
Who knows that when he can be , and he cannot be , and he cannot be dead .	Larry , I am not surprised that Candace was great . I would only be surprised if she wasn’t great !
As a good good friends , I am a friends , I am at the matter .	HUGE breakthrough today ! Historic Peace Agreement between our two GREAT friends , Israel and the United Arab Emirates !
What ’ s that he did call us from us ?	Prosecutorial Misconduct ?
Why , a great a great her see ’ s great again .	. . . . Hawaii in a big , fully loaded 747 , to play . What did that do to the so-called Carbon Footprint ? He also played moments after the brutal killing by ISIS of a wonderful young man . Totally inappropriate - and it was me who shattered 100% of the ISIS Caliphate . I was left a MESS !
Well said , a man ’ s part .	BIGGEST STOCK MARKET RISE IN HISTORY YESTERDAY !
What 's !	Great National Champions , thank you Coach O !
The matter at the people come to the people ’ s work of her ”	Thank you Brad !
He that is the work is of her good things can be .	Nancy , this just doesn’t seem right !
What 's !	Our great First Lady . She really cares !
Good fortune ’ s fortune !	Congresswoman Lesko , a great American !
My son , Who is a work in her ” .	A true Democrat Party leader !
.	Great working with you Maria !
The of the friend of her thoughts is your eyes . ” And her that ’ s her work of her ”	Attending meetings on Covid-19 in the White House . Working with States and local governments , many of whom have done a great job . Full report latter !
What most of a thing ’ s sister ’ s said . ”	The Fake News Media is looking hard for the Big Democrat Story , but there is nothing too fabulous . Wouldn’t a big story be that I got more New Hampshire Primary Votes than any incumbent president , in either party , in the history of that Great State ? Not an insignificant fact !
The more of her ’ s a doubt but the wonder of her ’ s no wonder .	The Wall is funded & , being built !
What should be how to the sun to be a soldier .	Now that wasn’t very nice , was it ?
.	. . . . 3 months and , if I waited 3 years , they would do their usual “hit” pieces anyway . They are sick with hatred and dishonesty . They are truly deranged ! They don’t mention Sleepy Joe’s poor work ethic , or all of the time Obama spent on the golf course , often flying to . . . .
Be sure to visit the world ’ s crown to see the world .	Some stories about the fact that in order to get outside and perhaps , even a little exercise , I played golf over the weekend . The Fake &; Totally Corrupt News makes it sound like a mortal sin - I knew this would happen ! What they don’t say is that it was my first golf in almost . . .
I ’ ll not the matter in the wonder to th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	The world will be laughing and taking full advantage of the United States if Joe Biden ever became President . Our Country would COLLAPSE !
The matter is a most great love ’ s love ’ s great love !	. . . And we caught them and their illegal activities !
The eyes as it is not , as it was as you would be as it be .	Fake News CNN and MSDNC have not surprisingly refused to talk about my record setting number of voters in New Hampshire ( and in Iowa ) . That’s why they are poorly rated Fake News ! I will win both states in November .
Who 's a matter	Will be Great !
Who ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ”	Joe Biden wanted the date for the Democrat National Convention moved to a later time period . Now he wants a “Virtual” Convention , one where he doesn’t have to show up . Gee , I wonder why ? Also , what ever happened to that phone call he told the Fake News he wanted to make to me ?
A place a place !	SOCIAL DISTANCING !
The great a monster is a Jew .	Wacko John Bolton’s “exceedingly tedious” ( New York Times ) book is made up of lies &; fake stories . Said all good about me , in print , until the day I fired him . A disgruntled boring fool who only wanted to go to war . Never had a clue , was ostracized &; happily dumped . What a dope !
Well , and all the best to you .	It is STOPPED !
Call it her March .	Congratulations to Attorney General Bill Barr for taking charge of a case that was totally out of control and perhaps should not have even been brought . Evidence now clearly shows that the Mueller Scam was improperly brought &; tainted . Even Bob Mueller lied to Congress !
Who will be a great men ’ s great us .	News Conference at White House in 10 minutes .
The great her to her ” to her ” And ’ s a great ” and her work .	President Bush fired him also . Bolton is incompetent !
.	Congratulations on a really great win !
The tyrant ’ s death is the tyrant ’ s brother .	Two months in jail for a Swamp Creature , yet 9 years recommended for Roger Stone ( who was not even working for the Trump Campaign ) . Gee , that sounds very fair ! Rogue prosecutors maybe ? The Swamp ! foxandfriends TuckerCarlson
.	Just finished a meeting on Covid-19 in the Situation Room , news conference coming up shortly .
The best will be the best yet .	Biden got failing grades and polls on his clueless handling of the Swine Flu H1N1 . It was a total disaster , they had no idea what they were doing . Among the worst ever !
Why , it was a very excellent .	Great Ratings &; Reviews Last Night . Thank you !
Who 's and called her .	Great !
The hours ’ s body and the streets , fair streets !	“BLITZ , Trump Will Smash the Left and Win” , by David Horowitz . Amazon #1 Bestseller . Call 800-691-0022 Hot book , great author !
Well said .	I will Veto the Defense Authorization Bill if the Elizabeth “Pocahontas” Warren ( of all people ! ) Amendment , which will lead to the renaming ( plus other bad things ! ) of Fort Bragg , Fort Robert E . Lee , and many other Military Bases from which we won Two World Wars , is in the Bill !
.	. dagenmcdowell , “Every Democrat is running to raise taxes . She ( Pocahontas ) lied about her ethnicity , that was her problem . ” MariaBartiromo So true Dagen !
.	So do I !
The wars is no state there ’ s blood for the sun ’ s heart .	Congratulations to State Representative Karen Whitsett of Michigan . So glad you are getting better !
Faith , the people hath the such a marriage of the business that ’ s moon .	THE UNITED STATES LOVES ITALY !
True , and be a poor country .	What is this all about ?
What ’ s love you all my love , which thou hast been many enemies , and you .	. . . She will be a great Senator , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What is not nothing to the time .	. CynthiaMLummis is a friend of mine and a great woman . She is running for Senate in the very Special State of Wyoming . Cynthia is Strongly for our Military , our Vets , and protection of the Second Amendment . . .
What ’ s a matter !	White House news conference at 5:45 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
I hope that is a good of the moon .	COVID-19 UPDATE
Who is one one that makes his company .	Succes: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha , Wisconsin , two days ago , there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE , not even a small problem . When legally asked to help by local authorities , the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed . Are you listening Portland ?
.	Happening fast !
Call it not her that ’ s another way .	I have zero interest in moving the Republican National Convention to Doral in Miami , as falsely reported by the Fake News nytimes in order to stir up trouble . Ballroom is not nearly big enough &; would like to stay in N . C . , whose gov . doesn’t even know if he can let people in ?
What ’ s great be !	. NBCNews is facing considerable backlash for pushing Google to remove Conservative sites from its ad platform .
What 's !	Success: Since the National Guard moved into Kenosha , Wisconsin , two days ago , there has been NO FURTHER VIOLENCE , not even a small problem . When legally asked to help by local authorities , the Federal Government will act and quickly succeed . Are you listening Portland ?
What 's !	. DonYoungAK really produces for Alaska . He is an incredible Congressman who loves his State and works tirelessly for it . Strong on Public Lands , Energy , and our Second Amendment . He will never let you down , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s the lord !	“Minneapolis City Council unanimously approves proposal to disband police . ” TIME The Democrats would do this all over the USA It would be a disaster for safety &; security !
What 's !	. . . . If my hands were tied , Iran would have a field day . Sends a very bad signal . The Democrats are only doing this as an attempt to embarrass the Republican Party . Don’t let it happen !
I am very fair fair !	Can’t believe how badly CNN has done in the newly released TV ratings . They are so far below FoxNews ( thank you President Trump ! ) that you can barely find them . Fredo should be given a big pay cut ! MSDNC also did poorly . As I have long said , Fake News does not pay ! ! !
What Love ’ s do you !	It is very important for our Country’s SECURITY that the United States Senate not vote for the Iran War Powers Resolution . We are doing very well with Iran and this is not the time to show weakness . Americans overwhelmingly support our attack on terrorist Soleimani . . . .
Why , you thank you !	Sean Parnell is an American Hero . Connor Lamm has proven to be an American fraud , and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi . He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker , and did . Will kill 2A . Voted to impeach ( on nothing ) . A TOTAL &; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement !
A great a great .	“Seattle’s CHOP is just the latest example of Liberal ( Democrat ) cities caving to lawlessness . ” seanhannity FoxNews
What 's a matter !	The Wisconsin Supreme Court ruled that tomorrow’s election will proceed as scheduled . VOTE for Justice Daniel Kelly tomorrow , and be safe !
Why , the thoughts is too , then , her have a man .	Just had a nice conversation with Prime Minister JustinTrudeau of Canada . Great to hear that his wonderful wife Sophie is doing very well . The United States and Canada will continue to coordinate closely together on COVID-19 .
The was but but the bond of her bond .	Sleepy Joe Biden ( mostly his reps . ) went crazy when I banned , in late January , people coming in from China . He called me “xenophobic” &; then went equally “nuts” when we let in 44 , 000 people - until he was told they were American citizens coming home . He later apologized !
.	. JayObernolte of California is running for Congress in 2020 . Jay will help me to continue securing the Southern Border , he Loves our GREAT Law Enforcement Officers , Military , Vets , and he will protect your #2A . Jay has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The best fortune of all the fortune ’ s fortune ’ s her that ’ s men ’ s work of her ”	“It’s a terrible situation , and I blame the leaders of those cities . The President of the United States has fought through a lot of different things since he’s been in office , and to be honest with you , he’s done one hell of a job . ” HerschelWalker seanhannity FoxNews
A matter for any country or the wind of the wind .	China is drooling . They can’t believe this !
The money but as the people have a hair to be that they had all that they had a money .	Congratulations to foxandfriends on completely dominating the just released morning TV Ratings . Morning Joke , staring Psycho Joe Scarborough on MSDNC , a Concast Company , was a disaster . Even worse was the barely registering CNN mess !
The time is the work is the children .	The CDCgov has published guidelines on to enable every American to respond to this epidemic and to protect themselves , their families and their communities .
.	. AugustPfluger is a Great Veteran and Strong Leader for Texas where he is running for Congress . He will protect your #2A , fight for our Farmers , Oil/Gas Workers , and he supports our #MAGA &; #KAG Agenda . August has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Who , her “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Bolton’s book , which is getting terrible reviews , is a compilation of lies and made up stories , all intended to make me look bad . Many of the ridiculous statements he attributes to me were never made , pure fiction . Just trying to get even for firing him like the sick puppy he is !
.	The Russia Bounty story is just another made up by Fake News tale that is told only to damage me and the Republican Party . The secret source probably does not even exist , just like the story itself . If the discredited nytimes has a source , reveal it . Just another HOAX !
Who did never went about the isle .	Nobody in 50 years has been WEAKER on China than Sleepy Joe Biden . He was asleep at the wheel . He gave them EVERYTHING they wanted , including rip-off Trade Deals . I am getting it all back !
.	Tomorrow I have called for a National Day of Prayer . I will be tuning in to Pastor Jentezen at the FreeChapel Church in Gainesville , Georgia at 11:00 AM EDT . God Bless the USA !
.	Very true , thank you Ted &; John . I love Texas !
.	Great reviews on our handling of Covid 19 , sometimes referred to as the China Virus . Ventilators , Testing , Medical Supply Distribution , we made a lot of Governors look very good - And got no credit for so doing . Most importantly , we helped a lot of great people !
.	Great job being done by Dr . Nicole Saphier on FoxNews !
The men have not have been a man to be an ass .	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA !
What ’ s a man and an wine .	. . . . He didn’t want Bolton anywhere near him . Bolton’s dumbest of all statements set us back very badly with North Korea , even now . I asked him , “what the hell were you thinking ? ” He had no answer and just apologized . That was early on , I should have fired him right then &; there !
.	When Wacko John Bolton went on Deface the Nation and so stupidly said that he looked at the “Libyan Model” for North Korea , all hell broke out . Kim Jong Un , who we were getting along with very well , went “ballistic” , just like his missiles - and rightfully so . . . .
What should be great friend of her friend ’ s men ’ s a great her friend ’ s great a great friend of her friend ’ s great friend ’ s a great friend ’ s men ’ s friend ’ s work is a work is her friend ’ s great friend of her friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great friend ’ s great men ’ s great	“NO PRESSURE”
Who was that was a sin by a great nature , The great Show !	Thank you ! #MAGA
The house against the house of her ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s the house of a very of a very of a make of men ’ s bed .	. MattForMontana Rosendale is a Strong &; Conservative fighter for Montana . Matt stands w/ our Brave Veterans , Loves our Military , and he will continue working to Secure our Border . Matt will NEVER let our #2A go unprotected . Matt has my Total Endorsement !
You are very very well , you thank you .	My Executive Order to protect Monuments , Statues etc . , IS IN FULL FORCE AND EFFECT . In excess of a 10 year prison term . Please do not put yourself in jeopardy . Many people now under arrest !
What 's !	Thank you !
O , ho !	Welcome back James !
They must be so like me !	Heading to New Hampshire !
What 's !	Thank you for the great reviews of the ABC News show last night !
What 's !	. NMalliotakis is running for Congress in NY , I know her well , we need her to defeat Max Rose , who voted for Impeachment ! Nicole is Strong on Crime &; Borders , #2A , Cutting Taxes , &; she Loves our Military &; Vets . Nicole has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
Good my lord !	Vote today , Tuesday , for highly respected Republican , Justice Daniel Kelly . Tough on Crime , loves your Military , Vets , Farmers , &; will save your 2nd Amendment . A BIG VOTE !
I do tell your good .	Thank you Sara . Keep writing , great talent !
Why , is , it is .	WOW . Record Growth in 2nd Quarter ! Under Corrupt Joe Biden and his MASSIVE Tax and Regulation increases , Markets , and your 401k’s , will PLUNGE ! Expect a Record 2021 !
The way of our mind , if we have the valor to the valor , ” to the way .	These horrible &; politically charged decisions coming out of the Supreme Court are shotgun blasts into the face of people that are proud to call themselves Republicans or Conservatives . We need more Justices or we will lose our 2nd . Amendment &; everything else . Vote Trump 2020 !
The thought you to be the hand , and the hand , that thou art a man as you have a bed as you have a hand , and be the hand , to the hand , and do have a hand .	. ClaudiaTenney is a fantastic candidate running in New York , where she was a Great member of Congress . She is Strong on Crime , Borders , Cutting Taxes , your #2A , and she Loves our Military and Vets . Claudia has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The sun come from the tree ’ s horse , A gods come !	I think they should blame RUSSIA , RUSSIA , RUSSIA again ! If they can’t count votes properly , how are they going to run USA HealthCare ?
Why , a her ”	No , I want Big Ten , and all other football , back - NOW . The Dems don’t want football back , for political reasons , but are trying to blame me and the Republicans . Another LIE , but this is what we are up against ! They should also open up all of their Shutdown States .
I ’ ll be so !	Do you get the impression that the Supreme Court doesn’t like me ?
Our country ’ s sake , being a foul and foul .	Amazing how the Fake News never covers this . No Interest on Student Loans . The Dems are just talk !
Why , I do so you so ’ ll be so much of her ' ll be so much as I ’ ll be so .	Vaccines are moving along fast and safely !
My tale , which I have his son of love .	Joe Biden’s handling of the H1N1 Swine Flu was a complete and total disaster . Even polls on the matter were terrible !
Why , I do so , he ’ s wonder .	The White HouseO . really blew it . For some reason , funded largely by the United States , yet very China centric . We will be giving that a good look . Fortunately I rejected their advice on keeping our borders open to China early on . Why did they give us such a faulty recommendation ?
In the day I thank you , Mark ’ st thou ' st thou Mark ’ st more Mark ’ s life , Mark ’ s life , there ’ s a place	GREAT NEWS ! #KAG2020
What 's !	. . . Religious Liberty , among many other things , are OVER and GONE !
The more of you have a man of him .	Landing in New Hampshire !
Who , ’ s a one will be one of the sun will be the sun ,	Sean Parnell is an American Hero . Conor Lamb has proven to be an American fraud , and a puppet for Crazy Nancy Pelosi . He said he would NOT vote for her for Speaker , and did . Will kill 2A . Voted to impeach ( on nothing ) . A TOTAL &; COMPLETE Sean Parnell Endorsement !
The matter at my lord ’ s a work of his chamber .	Yolie4MS . Loser !
Call her her with her father ’ s again .	The DACA decision , while a highly political one , and seemingly not based on the law , gives the President of the United States far more power than EVER anticipated . Nevertheless , I will only act in the best interests of the United States of America !
The time is he is called that in his reason .	The Anti-Benghazi !
Who comes , and work before the work in the matter . ”	Why didn’t the I . G . , who spent 8 years with the Obama Administration ( Did she Report on the failed H1N1 Swine Flu debacle where 17 , 000 people died ? ) , want to talk to the Admirals , Generals , V . P . &; others in charge , before doing her report . Another Fake Dossier !
The men ’ s the March , ’ s the March !	. . . . it’s alienating independents . This President is being persecuted over three years with one investigation after another , and that really plays to his base . ” FoxNews cvpayne Their partisan Witch Hunt is hurting our Country do badly , & , only bringing more division than ever !
Who is the great him and he ’ s great great a great and he ’ s great a great men ’ s great a great men ’ s great men ’ s great him !	Now it looks like the fore person in the jury , in the Roger Stone case , had significant bias . Add that to everything else , and this is not looking good for the “Justice” Department . foxandfriends FoxNews
Call her again .	Sohrab Ahmari , New York Post “The Trump Campaign raised $10 million in the two days following the impeachment ( Scam ) vote . It seems the Democrats have shot themselves in the foot in one more way . They set up a process they know is not going to lead to the Presidents removal , & , . . .
The wonder of the men can speak of me but to speak of them .	THANK YOU NEW HAMPSHIRE !
It is and his house and make a while !	Remember when Pelosi was screaming that President Trump is a danger to our nation and we must move quickly . They didn’t get one Republican House vote , and lost 3 Dems . They produced no case so now she doesn’t want to go to the Senate . She’s all lies . Most overrated person I know !
.	The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough
Who ’ s a sir .	“Deven Nunes predicts that more examples of Mueller team misconduct will be revealed in coming weeks . ” seanhannity FoxNews
Call it .	The recent Supreme Court decisions , not only on DACA , Sanctuary Cities , Census , and others , tell you only one thing , we need NEW JUSTICES of the Supreme Court . If the Radical Left Democrats assume power , your Second Amendment , Right to Life , Secure Borders , and . . .
My lord is gone , the her sister .	Jim , you didn’t make a mistake . It’s true , and that’s why you said it . No pandering !
.	Wisconsin , get out and vote NOW for Justice Daniel Kelly . Protect your 2nd Amendment !
The men have name of the force of these men ’ s part of these men ’ s part of these men ’ s part of her of her ”	This took place in the Rose Garden , just coming out of a cold Winter !
The people of our love ’ s love ’ s people .	Just had a conf call w/ major lenders discussing our Great Small Businesses &; the #PPPloan . I ask every company , big &; small , making announcements about innovative contributions , hiring new workers , or looking to overcome setbacks to share your stories with #AmericaWorksTogether !
The great her that is a great of my lord .	Mini Mike Bloomberg is a LOSER who has money but can’t debate and has zero presence , you will see . He reminds me of a tiny version of Jeb “Low Energy” Bush , but Jeb has more political skill and has treated the Black community much better than Mini !
The ever then , never give him her him her that .	. . . . about whether or not Joe could have done such a horrible thing ? Maybe or maybe not , but I find Joe to be a total Nut Job , and I knew him well , far better than most . So many unanswered &; obvious questions , but I won’t bring them up now ! Law enforcement eventually will ?
The many of a best ” The world ’ s the world .	The opening of a Cold Case against Psycho Joe Scarborough was not a Donald Trump original thought , this has been going on for years , long before I joined the chorus . In 2016 when Joe &; his wacky future ex-wife , Mika , would endlessly interview me , I would always be thinking . . . .
I love her .	As President of the United States , I am asking for a legal solution on DACA , not a political one , consistent with the rule of law . The Supreme Court is not willing to give us one , so now we have to start this process all over again .
A fellow of a fellow but that I have been this to this man ’ s the work of the	Great Job by Judicial Watch . Potentially a treasure trove . Too bad you are not given more help , but it will all work out !
I ’ ll call a crown of a crown to work , a great one that hour !	Stock Market up BIG , DOW crosses 25 , 000 . S&amp;P 500 over 3000 . States should open up ASAP . The Transition to Greatness has started , ahead of schedule . There will be ups and downs , but next year will be one of the best ever !
The many of many men ’ s a ” to the world .	Mini Mike is a 5’4” mass of dead energy who does not want to be on the debate stage with these professional politicians . No boxes please . He hates Crazy Bernie and will , with enough money , possibly stop him . Bernie’s people will go nuts !
The hard to believe that we are in her men in the way ’ s way .	New Conference at 5:45 . Enjoy !
.	I will be releasing a new list of Conservative Supreme Court Justice nominees , which may include some , or many of those already on the list , by September 1 , 2020 . If given the opportunity , I will only choose from this list , as in the past , a Conservative Supreme Court Justice . . .
.	Thank you James . Sadly , you are 100% correct ! ! !
.	White House news conference at 5:30 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
I thank you for the part of your part of the better part of the time to me the time to the time for your bed	We made most Governors look very good , even great , by getting them the Ventilators , unlimited Testing , and supplies , all of which they should have had in their own stockpiles . So they look great , and I just keep rolling along , doing great things and getting Fake Lamestream News !
.	News Conference at 5:45 . Enjoy !
.	“No corroborating evidence to back reports . ” Department of Defense . Do people still not understand that this is all a made up Fake News Media Hoax started to slander me &; the Republican Party . I was never briefed because any info that they may have had did not rise to that level
Who had a bed as she was in night , last night I was the last night , And on the last night had a last night , Who was a night , Who I had a handkerchief of the last night , the last night ,	Steyer is running low on cash . Nobody knows him . Made his money on coal . So funny !
A man ’ s reason to her work , a other of his other .	I agree with him on this , 100% . But why would anyone vote Democrat ? We are setting all time records with the economy !
I thank you to her ” “ Call it .	Another Democrat run city . They are a real mess !
Now the Fortinbras is the matter , and see her chamber .	True !
The second father and her call 'd and her today .	Leading in Michigan , leading in Minnesota , leading all over . Sorry !
Who in the Moor ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter and her ” and her that ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed of her ”	It was showing signs of future problems , but was so good when I left 4 years ago !
We have to make a great great again !	Extraordinary rescue yesterday by our brave and “Semper Paratus” USA Coast Guard . Our rapid response and the vessel’s survival equipment allowed these four mariners to see their loved ones again . Well done USCG !
Our country is gone , but now , but now ’ s death ’ s death , and come .	DRAIN THE SWAMP ! We want bad people out of our government !
A good the most good country ’ s to be with it !	TODAY IS A NATIONAL DAY OF PRAYER . GOD BLESS EVERYONE !
This was the On On On whose they have put it to follow to the follow .	. . . . which he actually has a military and legal obligation to do . His incredible wife , Karen , who I have a lot of respect for , once pulled me aside &; said strongly that “John respects you greatly . When we are no longer here , he will only speak well of you . ” Wrong !
.	Biden was asked questions at his so-called Press Conference yesterday where he read the answers from a teleprompter . That means he was given the questions , just like Crooked Hillary . Never have seen this before !
What ’ s a man ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s bed .	. . . . One person lost to this invisible virus is too much , it should have been stopped at its source , China , but I acted very quickly , and made the right decisions . Many of the current political complainers thought , at the time , that I was moving far to fast , like Crazy Nancy !
The men ’ s not a man !	For all of the political hacks out there , if I hadn’t done my job well , &; early , we would have lost 1 1/2 to 2 Million People , as opposed to the 100 , 000 plus that looks like will be the number . That’s 15 to 20 times more than we will lose . I shut down entry from China very early !
Our married , a married a married a married ?	Will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Look forward to it .
Our country is now in his country sad .	I am watching a great and beautiful service by Pastor Jentezen Franklin . Thank you ! Jentezen
This is a an an an ass and a man ’ s a man !	First thing the anarchists did upon taking over Seattle was “BUILD A WALL” . See , I was ahead of our times !
The fight like hell and hold this great world and the world ’ s great world .	If the incompetent Mayor of Portland , Ted Wheeler , doesn’t get control of his city and stop the Anarchists , Agitators , Rioters and Looters , causing great danger to innocent people , we will go in and take care of matters the way they should have been taken care of 100 days ago !
Well , again to the place .	Moving up News Conference to 5:15 . Enjoy !
What will be the state , is the pains to work .	When I terminated John Kelly , which I couldn’t do fast enough , he knew full well that he was way over his head . Being Chief of Staff just wasn’t for him . He came in with a bang , went out with a whimper , but like so many X’s , he misses the action &; just can’t keep his mouth shut , .
.	. . . . horrible BLM chant , “Pigs In A Blanket , Fry ‘Em Like Bacon” . Maybe our GREAT Police , who have been neutralized and scorned by a mayor who hates &; disrespects them , won’t let this symbol of hate be affixed to New York’s greatest street . Spend this money fighting crime instead !
.	How brilliant are our FARMERS ? Thank you lgutwein99_31 , real talent ! #MAGA
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	We are doing very precise Medical Screenings at our airports . Pardon the interruptions and delays , we are moving as quickly as possible , but it is very important that we be vigilant and careful . We must get it right . Safety first !
Save that .	It was not Ambassador Lighthizer’s fault ( yesterday in Committee ) in that perhaps I didn’t make myself clear , but the USA certainly does maintain a policy option , under various conditions , of a complete decoupling from China . Thank you !
In the sun was our souls more far more than it hath been in the last .	. . . . A total double standard . The only thing the Dems have going for them is their very close relationship with the Fake News Lamestream Media !
Let this be a work of her from her from her ”	Didn’t Obama , whose Administration has now been caught cold illegally spying on the Trump campaign , recently also get caught playing golf on a course in Virginia , despite his wife Michelle urging people to stay home , before and after his round , in a major public service message ?
I ’ t , I ’ s hair !	I’m seeing Governor Cuomo today at The White House . He must understand that National Security far exceeds politics . New York must stop all of its unnecessary lawsuits &; harrassment , start cleaning itself up , and lowering taxes . Build relationships , but don’t bring Fredo !
I never did lie .	NYC is cutting Police $’s by ONE BILLION DOLLARS , and yet the NYCMayor is going to paint a big , expensive , yellow Black Lives Matter sign on Fifth Avenue , denigrating this luxury Avenue . This will further antagonize New York’s Finest , who LOVE New York &; vividly remember the . . . .
Who 's a matter	. . . . The USA was never set up for this , just look at the catastrophe of the H1N1 Swine Flu ( Biden in charge , 17 , 000 people lost , very late response time ) , but it soon will be . Great decision to close our China , and other , borders early . Saved many lives !
Why is the heavy today ?	There will be a News Conference by the CoronaVirus Task Force today at the White House , 5 P . M . VP We are working closely with the Governors of our Country’s great States , which are a very big factor . They are working hard , along with us , to get the job properly done . . . . .
I was my lord to be with her tonight , I have a man , or there be a man !	Great total numbers for the Republican National Convention . Blows Democrat National Convention away . Also , much bigger fund raising numbers !
Go , and this will be the most of the most of our time !	Proud to propose a $25M award to MichiganDOT to replace and expand the Blue Water Bridge port of entry in Port_Huron . CRITCAL for security , operations , and commerce at our country’s third BUSIEST USA-Canada border crossing !
The morning for the morning ’ s day tomorrow .	Can’t believe they are not going after Schumer for the threats he made to our cherished United States Supreme Court , and our two great Justices . If a Republican did that , there would be an endless price to pay . Pathetic !
What ’ s a work of the voice of your voice !	Don’t worry , wonderful &; beautiful Alaska , there will be NO POLITICS in the Pebble Mine Review Process . I will do what is right for Alaska and our great Country ! ! !
What ’ s thou art the people ?	How does the Fake News not include Online Streaming Numbers where Republicans blow the Dem Numbers away ?
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” and her men ’ s her ” For her ’ s a ” For ’ s men ’ s her ” For her ”	“The President has never asked me to do anything in a criminal case . ” A . G . Barr This doesn’t mean that I do not have , as President , the legal right to do so , I do , but I have so far chosen not to !
The matter , and the people did shake the best .	So now it is reported that , after destroying his life &; the life of his wonderful family ( and many others also ) , the FBI , working in conjunction with the Justice Department , has “lost” the records of General Michael Flynn . How convenient . I am strongly considering a Full Pardon !
Why , you thank you !	Special thank you to the UnitedWarVets , GrucciFireworks , Scotts_MGro , and FedEx — for their support of what will , without question , be a special evening ! #Salute2America
O , ho !	See you on Friday . . . Big Crowd !
The more is at the more to bid me give himself for himself .	Thank you !
Well , sir , a say ’ s one ’ s a more ’ s man ’ s ’ s more by her ”	I hope all Republican House Members vote NO on FISA until such time as our Country is able to determine how and why the greatest political , criminal , and subversive scandal in USA history took place !
Great the Moor is the people by her ”	Great news for Louisiana ! $135M proposed to La_DOTD from USDOT to build 8 . 3 miles of elevated highway from Leeville Bridge to Golden Meadow to protect access to the area against flooding .
A fellow in the man ’ s great good and the great ” Where is ’ s ’ s a very cold ?	Disgraceful that Big Ten is not playing football . Let them PLAY !
Out , tomorrow , and we may say so , that we may have been the time and the work , and the voice of the voice of the voice , and that we may be so may be all the .	“The number of New Yorkers admitted to hospitals has dropped . ” ainsleyearhardt foxandfriends Good news !
.	. . . . Twitter is completely stifling FREE SPEECH , and I , as President , will not allow it to happen !
Remember that you have time to change this time .	. Twitter is now interfering in the 2020 Presidential Election . They are saying my statement on Mail-In Ballots , which will lead to massive corruption and fraud , is incorrect , based on fact-checking by Fake News CNN and the Amazon Washington Post . . . .
Call her her again , be more than it !	The Fake and Corrupt News never called Google . They said this was not true . Even in times such as these , they are not truthful . Watch for their apology , it won’t happen . More importantly , thank you to Google !
Then he ’ s a man ’ s bed .	. WVDOT will be awarded $12 million from USDOT to help finish the Corridor H project between Kerens and Parsons , key to a booming economy in the Great State of West Virginia !
No , a very find him .	I’m proud to propose a $6 . 8M award to WisconsinDOT from USDOT to complete the last phase of the Merrimac Bridge rehabilitation – more efficient and lower cost rail car travel over Lake Wisconsin !
Ay , sir .	Sorry , if you come you will be immediately sent back !
.	Republicans should fight very hard when it comes to state wide mail-in voting . Democrats are clamoring for it . Tremendous potential for voter fraud , and for whatever reason , doesn’t work out well for Republicans . foxandfriends
Remember when you ’ s tongue , a voice is not a man !	“President Trump , with smart policies , has done more to help the Black community than any President in the modern era . ” IngrahamAngle FoxNews
What will be the will be with this !	Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background , &; from every race , religion , color &; creed . We are a movement for ALL AMERICANS who believe in fairness &; justice , equality &; dignity , opportunity &; safety . We are a big tent , &; a big party , w/ BIG IDEAS for the future !
Make it out of you , and good voice .	Democrats are now the party of high taxes , high crime , open borders , late-term abortion , socialism , and blatant corruption . The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker , the American Family , and the American Dream ! #TrumpMilwaukeeRally
What , are a man , and storm .	OBAMAGATE !
What ’ s own ?	Great News: The boring but very nasty magazine , The Atlantic , is rapidly failing , going down the tubes , and has just been forced to announce it is laying off at least 20% of its staff in order to limp into the future . This is a tough time to be in the Fake News Business !
Who hath her her that her work by the thing that the matter is no more !	. SCDOTPress will have $34 . 6M headed its way for a new interchange on I-77 in Rock Hill ! This will facilitate access to a 234-acre development site at Exit 81 . HUGE innovation and development coming to the area ! RockHillSCCity YorkCountySC YorkCountySCGov
But that the other men are the streets of the streets of the streets ’ s streets , but be made the streets of her men that are of her men of her men in the streets of her be lost in the streets of men are	Great things headed to Tennessee ! $11 . 2M is headed to myTDOT from USDOT to install fiber optic communications on I-40 from Memphis to Nashville . This is HUGE for safety info and broadband in a lot of communities that need it !
A one place .	Words of wisdom . Thank you Ted !
.	. . . . always continue . Every Republican Senator except Romney , many highly religious people , all very smart , voted against the Impeachment Hoax . SenCapito was all in ( a great person ) . I was told by many that Manchin was just a puppet for Schumer &; Pelosi . That’s what he is !
The matter now .	The individual Governors of States , and local officials , must step up their efforts on drive up testing and testing sights , working in conjunction with CDCgov and the Federal Government !
The world are to be a men to the world are a third world .	Thank you Debbie !
Who will not a man ’ s bed , Who ’ s men ’ s ’ s the more of her and never of her of her men of her men ’ s bed .	Port Tampa Bay in Florida will be awarded $19 . 9 million from USDOT to improve Hooker’s Point container facility , adding much-needed capacity to keep commerce moving and allowing the region to GROW !
What 's !	. TulsaPort , $6 . 2M is coming your way from USDOT to bring major upgrades and improve rail transportation to the port . HUGE for JOBS and the economy in the region !
.	Will be immediately sending 100 Ventilators to Colorado at the request of Senator Gardner !
It was the morning that ’ s a good morning .	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
.	The Failing nytimes , winner of PulitzerPrizes for its totally flawed coverage of the illegal Russia Witch Hunt , does its research as follows: Think of the absolute worst things you can say about Donald J . Trump , pretend there are sources , and just say it . RETURN THE PULITZERS !
If I have been the ducats hath been his ducats , to his state , would have he would have .	Kenosha has been very quiet for the third night in a row or , since the National Guard has shown up . That’s the way it works , it’s all very simple . Portland , with a very ungifted mayor , should request help from the Federal Government . If lives are endangered , we’re going in !
My lord .	So great to see our Country starting to open up again !
Call .	alan_liljegren . Thanks Alan .
Who hath dead a bed !	. RIDOTNews is set to be awarded $65 million from USDOT to complete multiple safety improvements and repairs to the RI-246 corridor – greatly improving travel through the region !
Why is the “ Who now in his people ' th ' times ’ s man ’ s her ”	. Port_Houston in Texas is set to receive $79 . 5M from USDOT for much-needed restoration and upgrades to the Barbours Cut Container Terminal . This will increase capacity and efficiency of the terminal . GREAT for economic growth in this busy region !
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ”	Proposing $73 . 7M to wsdot for the Puget Sound Gateway Program from USDOT . Will build “missing links” to the Ports and improve commerce and safety – BIG boost to the economy and JOBS !
You know the world is mad of York and call 'd a York and a man .	. . . the Fake News Media into not covering them , but that effort failed because the ratings are through the roof according to , of all sources , the Failing New York Times , “Monday Night Football , Bachelor Finale” type numbers ( &; sadly , they get it $FREE ) . Trump Derangement Syndrome !
Do you believe that is to her men to the ?	When are the Fake Journalists , who received unwarranted Pulitzer Prizes for Russia , Russia , Russia , and the Impeachment Scam , going to turn in their tarnished awards so they can be given to the real journalists who got it right . I’ll give you the names , there are plenty of them !
From the man ’ s one of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th	The Radical Left Democrats have gone absolutely crazy that I am doing daily Presidential News Conferences . They actually want me to STOP ! They used to complain that I am not doing enough of them , now they complain that I “shouldn’t be allowed to do them . ” They tried to shame . . . . .
What ’ s the hours to be hours to put up to the hours .	Prime Minister of the United Kingdom , BorisJohnson , stated , “We should replace the Iran deal with the Trump deal . ” I agree !
What 's !	Congratulations to author Nick Adams on the simonschuster publication of your new book , “Trump and Churchill , Defenders of Western Civilization” . Certainly a great honor to be compared , in any way , to Winston Churchill . NickAdamsinUSA
The hour is now in a while thou hast a break a break a break a break .	I was very surprised &; disappointed that Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia voted against me on the Democrat’s totally partisan Impeachment Hoax . No President has done more for the great people of West Virginia than me ( Pensions ) , and that will . . . .
If it , if it is , that I will have ’ s love you , and make the offer of her to make a offer it .	I’m proposing a $50M award to nevadadot from USDOT to reconstruct the Tropicana Avenue/I-15 interchange . So important for improving and reducing traffic in this booming area !
The water is to the water is the water but the water ’ s water ’ s water .	$25M coming your way NCDOT ! The great state of North Carolina is set to be awarded USDOT funding to help complete highway improvements in the US 74 corridor in Cleveland , Columbus , and Robeson Counties . Huge for travel and growth in the area !
Let me tonight be the Moor have been with her ”	The Democrats see chaos as their way while President Trump sees the Rule of Law . Mayor kenblackwell Thank you Ken !
The same merry that I did left the hours that hath made as he hath made the way to the way .	CONGRATULATIONS ! #GeauxTigers
What ’ s a man , but be a great great great men ’ s work , and the great her of her that ’ s men ’ s work of her .	Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNYRY , and it will be sooner rather than later , the horror of the Invisible Enemy , except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend , must be quickly forgotten . Our Economy will BOOM , perhaps like never before ! ! !
I never for a man .	I must say , that was a VERY boring debate . Biden lied when he said I want to cut Social Security and Medicare . That’s what they ALL said 4 years ago , and nothing happened , in fact , I saved Social Security and Medicare . I will not be cutting , but they will . Be careful !
So many friends , that said you help to a good thanks !	News conference live from the WhiteHouse today . 5:00 P . M . Eastern !
Remember that would make a crown to make her people think more of her ?	We are getting great marks for the handling of the CoronaVirus pandemic , especially the very early BAN of people from China , the infectious source , entering the USA . Compare that to the Obama/Sleepy Joe disaster known as H1N1 Swine Flu . Poor marks , bad polls - didn’t have a clue !
Let the Moor make the Moor make her free of her money to her .	We are tracking down the two Anarchists who threw paint on the magnificent George Washington Statue in Manhattan . We have them on tape . They will be prosecuted and face 10 years in Prison based on the Monuments and Statues Act . Turn yourselves in now !
The most great great time in the hours of her than to the hours .	Floridians will get $10M grant from USDOT for MyFDOT’s I-4 to improve technology to provide travelers with better information and important messages in real time ! Will make getting BACK TO WORK easier . Great work GovRonDeSantis !
I saw my lord at the at the storm of the storm , and not for the storm .	$71 . 5M will be headed to MississippiDOT from USDOT to finish the Greenville Bypass in Washington County . So important for economic growth in the area and reducing travel times through Western Mississippi on US 82 !
All that are on a very side of her side , Call up , and the very .	It is happening again to Crazy Bernie , just like last time , only far more obvious . They are taking the Democrat Nomination away from him , and there’s very little he can do . A Rigged System !
If his Majesty have from his crown , from his crown , “ ”	Wow ! Despite the Democrats views across TV and online lie ( Con ! ) , we had 147 . 9 million , the Republican National Convention blew the Democrat National Convention AWAY . Not even close ! Just like their lies on Russia , Football ( PLAY ! ) and everything else ! NOVEMBER 3rd .
Who ’ s a good being so , and so .	Once we OPEN UP OUR GREAT COUNTRY , and it will be sooner rather than later , the horror of the Invisible Enemy , except for those that sadly lost a family member or friend , must be quickly forgotten . Our Economy will BOOM , perhaps like never before ! ! !
If the should be my offer to be my lord , and he will say he ?	Thank you to the beautiful country of Cambodia for accepting the CarnivalCruise ship Westerdam into your port . The United States will remember your courtesy ! MickyArison
Why , that all that is to say that ever man would deny to deny ?	I’m designating $56 . 8M to DelawareDOT to construct a redesigned interchange at I-95 and SR 896 in New Castle County . Huge improvement for traffic flow and safety in this important area !
Who ’ s his men ’ s her ” Not a ”	My Campaign , despite all of the Fake News , Fake Books , and pathetic reporting written about me and it , has more spirit and enthusiasm than ever before , including the great and wonderful Campaign of 2016 !
Who will be today at the sun ’ s sun and the moon .	Thank you Mike !
.	FLATTENING OF THE CURVE !
Be done of a man ’ s side , Will win a thing to be a thing .	We love Australia !
O , ho !	. . . . Today , FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service . We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts .
Why , I hope , thou shalt have a great great time .	It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland . We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators . Earlier this week , I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still piece the soul . . . .
Why , I do so .	Former CBS Reporter One Of The First ‘To Identify Myself As A Target of Illegal Spying Under Obama Admin’
Why , ’ s a great a great show .	Thank you !
Why , I will ’ s a more ’ s will .	True !
.	Big news for EagleCounty , Colorado ! $60 . 7M proposed to ColoradoDOT from USDOT for improvements and enhanced safety to the Vail Pass on I-70 , between miles 180-190 . HUGE for safe travel through the region !
.	“Schiff doesn’t have a case telling the truth , so he’s manufacturing things . ” Rush Limbaugh foxandfriends
He he that .	Bernie Sanders is OUT ! Thank you to Elizabeth Warren . If not for her , Bernie would have won almost every state on Super Tuesday ! This ended just like the Democrats &; the DNC wanted , same as the Crooked Hillary fiasco . The Bernie people should come to the Republican Party , TRADE !
Why , so hope the such a sake , I hope the man ’ s sake of the matter for the thing I hope of the sake of the sake of the sake	“The Greatest name in politics , ” Patrick McHenryCampaign from the Great State of North Carolina , is a Conservative Fighter and a true Leader who ALWAYS supports our #MAGA Agenda . Patrick has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Who 's a	Congratulations to Officer John Catanzara for being elected President of the Chicago Police Union . He always “Gets the Job Done” . #MAGA foxandfriends
The love I should have her that should choose that should choose that .	Great crowd , great people !
Why , like a good .	Designating $38 . 1 million to MaineDOT1 from USDOT to replace SEVEN bridges and improve FIVE locations in Kennebec , Oxford , Penobscot , and Somerset Counties . Very important for keeping our bridges safe and people moving in the Great State of Maine !
But he is a man is something to hide .	$55 . 15M will be on its way to KYTC to widen mtnparkway from two lanes to four lanes between the KY 191 overpass and the KY 205 interchange . Must keep the people of Kentucky moving efficiently and safely !
.	Wow , Bernie is unwilling to give up his delegates , and wants more of them ! What’s that all about ?
.	. MoInTheHouse Brooks is running for Congress in the Great State of Alabama . He is a huge supporter of the #MAGA Agenda . Mo fully supports Securing our Border w/the WALL , he Loves our Military &; Vets , &; is Strong on the #2A . Mo has my Complete Endorsement !
But till my days have to have a offer .	. JodeyArrington from the Great State of Texas has been an incredible supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . Jodey fully supports Securing our Border w/ the WALL , he Loves our Military &; Vets , and is Strong on the #2A . Jodey has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
.	“There is no evidence of a crime . ” Robert Charles , Fmr Asst Secy of State . The crimes were committed by the other side !
The matter is a good of her of good of these of of his good of her .	The Fake News doesn’t want to report these numbers . The latimes and others believed the Crooked Dems before the real numbers came out . Too bad we don’t have honest reporting when it comes to “Trump” . Phony sources , they say anything and think they get away with it . November 3rd .
What will be the matter .	Great things coming to Arkansas ! $40M to be awarded to myARDOT from USDOT to reconstruct and improve US 67 in PulaskiAR and Lonoke Counties . Will reduce congestion and travel time – a huge boost for economic growth !
.	$40M proposed to AnokaCounty in Minnesota from USDOT for the Ramsey Gateway Project on US Highway 10/169 . Will help congestion and make travel safer and more efficient in the area !
Call her side , her men ’ s last of her last night .	HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY !
How does the matter a her lord ?	Can’t see AOC plus 3 supporting Sleepy Joe !
I am merry to the very merry .	. TomMcClintock is a strong Conservative Leader who will always fight for the people of California . He fully supports our #MAGA Agenda , will continue to Secure Our Border , Loves our Military &; Vets , &; is Strong on the #2A . Tom has my Complete Endorsement !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ”	Attorney Generals from 21 States are urging the Senate to reject Impeachment . They say the Articles have legal &; factual problems , and the Democrats case sets a dangerous historical precedent . “EVEN AN UNSUCCESSFUL EFFORT TO IMPEACH THE PRESIDENT UNDERMINES THE INTEGRITY . . . . .
What ’ s men ’ s her men ’ s her ” By her ’ s the people have a men of her men of her men ’ s her ”	News Conference at 9:30 . Great Jobs Numbers !
The matter is been “ Cassio !	God Bless the USA !
As , the here is the day .	Extraordinary times require even closer cooperation between friends . Thank you India and the Indian people for the decision on HCQ . Will not be forgotten ! Thank you Prime Minister NarendraModi for your strong leadership in helping not just India , but humanity , in this fight !
All that ’ s my bed are come .	Everybody is so well unified and working so hard . It is a beautiful thing to see . They love our great Country . We will end up being stronger than ever before !
The lies in the sun , the Queen of France , The sun ’ s bed , Who lies the Moor is the bed of her men of her men ’ s bed , Who ’ s bed .	. . . . OF THE 2020 ELECTION BECSUSE IT WEAPONIZES A PROCESS THAT SHOULD ONLY BE INITIATED IN EXCEEDINGLY RARE CIRCUMSTANCES , AND SHOULD NEVER BE USED FOR PARTISAN PURPOSES . ” HeatherChilders FoxNews The Democrats are trying hard to damage Republicans prior to the Election !
If thou art , and the world to have told the world ’ s old of her sister .	. LouisGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas ! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda , Border WALL , Military , Vets , and your Second Amendment . Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
No wonder of her in this trouble , and tell you , ’ s lost .	Congratulations Pennsylvania . Now we await the decision on the Rigged Ballot Scam , which is so bad for our Country !
.	Bill is GREAT !
My lord is tomorrow !	White House news conference at 5:30 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
Tomorrow will I be but one of one ?	It has been two years since the tragedy in Parkland . We will always mourn the innocent lives taken from us – 14 wonderful students and 3 terrific educators . Earlier this week , I met with families whose experiences from that horrible day still pierce the soul . . . .
The last of the last night .	. . . ruling &; request of yesterday . I have wanted to take care of DACA recipients better than the Do Nothing Democrats , but for two years they refused to negotiate - They have abandoned DACA . Based on the decision the Dems can’t make DACA citizens . They gained nothing ! DHSgov
I will be a more than the will be at the matter .	In an Impeachment , you can’t use a work of fiction as the theory for the case , filling in gaps with presumptions against the President . It was a weak presentation , self indulgent , &; he didn’t deliver the goods . ” Robert Charles , HeatherChilders FoxNews
Hold the men for his death ’ s crown .	The Supreme Court asked us to resubmit on DACA , nothing was lost or won . They “punted” , much like in a football game ( where hopefully they would stand for our great American Flag ) . We will be submitting enhanced papers shortly in order to properly fulfil the Supreme Court’s . . . . .
.	Today , we honor the brave Native American/First Nations soldiers who served our Nation and played a vital role in America's victory in WWII . The Navajo Code was never broken and saved untold American lives . Our country will be forever grateful . Happy Navajo Code Talkers Day !
Why , will be a great cause tonight .	Just had a very good tele-conference with Nations’s Governors . Went very well . Cuomo of New York has to “do more” .
Well , is it , the her that ’ s see how ’ tis the matter .	HISTORIC JOBS NUMBERS ! #MAGA
I would be more than be more than with a matter .	Wishing a HAPPY PASSOVER to those celebrating in the United States , Israel , and around the world !
Who ’ s a ” “ ” ”	The Democrat House would not give us lawyers , or not one witness , but now demand that the Republican Senate produce the witnesses that the House never sought , or even asked for ? They had their chance , but pretended to rush . Most unfair &; corrupt hearing in Congressional history !
Stay for my lord , that ’ s the matter .	Now up to 187 Federal Judges , and two great new Supreme Court Justices . We are in major record territory . Hope EVERYONE is happy !
I will be in the day of the day .	Just had a very good tele-conference with Nation’s Governors . Went very well . Cuomo of New York has to “do more” .
Why , and well , shall be the time .	. . . . Today , FLOTUS and I encourage all Americans to cherish and honor the memory of those we have lost through acts of love and service . We will hold Parkland forever in our hearts .
Who ’ s a mad ?	. FoxNews is out with another of their phony polls , done by the same group of haters that got it even more wrong in 2016 . Watch what happens in November . Fox is terrible !
For they are , for the men can think ’ s her men ’ s doubt , for the people ’ s men of her men can think .	Just out: Some people in the Great State of North Carolina have been sent TWO BALLOTS . RIGGED ELECTION in waiting !
Do and a men are a great cause of the office and the office are they are they are .	JOBS , JOBS , JOBS ! #MAGA
The matter of the matter is he is bad of bad ’ s the matter must he must go .	Fake News will never change !
What should be the should be made of the dead , and the dead .	. . . . happen again . Just like we can’t let large scale Mail-In Ballots take root in our Country . It would be a free for all on cheating , forgery and the theft of Ballots . Whoever cheated the most would win . Likewise , Social Media . Clean up your act , NOW ! ! ! !
Good fortune to be his fortune .	Any protesters , anarchists , agitators , looters or lowlifes who are going to Oklahoma please understand , you will not be treated like you have been in New York , Seattle , or Minneapolis . It will be a much different scene !
Who after that day he shall be his fortunes in his crown .	The biggest political crime in American history , by far !
.	Biden and the Democrats want to get rid of the Private Healthcare Plans for 180 MILLION Americans that are happy . They’ll be put on socialized medicine !
Where were the the people ’ s bed of her ” to her ” ?	Esther is GREAT !
Follow me to a kiss the old of a kiss the duke ’ s heart of a house , a Follow me	Thank you Arnold , very nice .
The man is a great man and so great son is his son .	I look forward to attending the Daytona 500 on Sunday with lots of my great friends from Florida , including the France family and RepMichaelWaltz from #FL6 . See you there , good luck to everyone ! NASCAR SenRickScott marcorubio GovRonDeSantis
Both and a “ excellent night at the last night at night !	Republicans feel that Social Media Platforms totally silence conservatives voices . We will strongly regulate , or close them down , before we can ever allow this to happen . We saw what they attempted to do , and failed , in 2016 . We can’t let a more sophisticated version of that . . . .
The next men hath his reason with a sun .	The Democrats &; Shifty Schiff , whose presentation to the Senate was loaded with lies and misrepresentations , are refusing to state that the Obama Administration withheld aid from many countries including Ukraine , Pakistan , Philippines , Egypt , Honduras , &; Mexico . Witch Hunt !
What will be the day in the matter come to this matter .	Vote for TRUMP on November 3rd . I am going to bring our beloved New York back !
Who is a Cassio ’ s daughter ’ s daughter ’ s horse ’ s horse ’ s her call ’ s sister ’ s sister ’ s her sister ’ s her sister ’ s her sister ’ s her sister ’ s horse ’ s daughter ’ s	michaellunsford . Thanks Michael .
No , no , not , but not .	Texas loves John !
Some of you were the chain of the her of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times of her	Want to register to vote ? Request an Absentee Ballot or vote early - simply click the below link . My campaign has made it incredibly easy ! #Vote #TrumpPence2020
What ’ s no more , a more a more have said a thing I have said a more a more than a bed once again have said a again once a once a	. . . . during his hopeless “presidential” campaign . They will remain silent ! The fact is , when Mini losses , he will be spending very little of his money on these “clowns” because he will consider himself to be the biggest clown of them all - and he will be right !
.	Mini Mike Bloomberg is playing poker with his foolhardy and unsuspecting Democrat rivals . He says that if he loses ( he really means when ! ) in the primaries , he will spend money helping whoever the Democrat nominee is . By doing this , he figures , they won’t hit him as hard . . . .
What 's !	I ask all Americans to band together and support your neighbors by not hoarding unnecessary amounts of food and essentials . TOGETHER we will stay STRONG and overcome this challenge !
Why , I do so , but the sun ’ s women .	Yesterday I spoke with the great American Grocers and Supply Chain Executives . We are confident that supply will continue to meet demand nationwide . These beacons of our community will remain open for you , no matter what . We are working hard to remove any barriers to that effort !
.	We have informed both India and China that the United States is ready , willing and able to mediate or arbitrate their now raging border dispute . Thank you !
Never give it up .	. LouieGohmertTX1 is a Fantastic Republican from the Great State of Texas ! He fully supports our #MAGA and #KAG Agenda , Border WALL , Military , Vets , and your Second Amendment . Louie is my friend and has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
It is a great honor to the matter .	Steve has my Complete and Total support . HE IS GREAT !
A bad of bad hath the great her to her !	“THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE . ”
.	New papers make CLEAR that the Obama Administration SPIED , in an unprecedented manner , on the Trump Campaign and beyond , and even on the United States Senate . Nobody would ever have believed that this level of illegality and corruption would be taking place in our beautiful USA !
.	We MUST lower drug prices for patients ! ChuckGrassley , HouseGOP , and MikeCrapo have SHOWN LEADERSHIP while RonWyden and SenateDems WALK AWAY !
Who ’ s the matter for the well .	This morning , 450 , 000 protective suits landed in Dallas , Texas . This was made possible because of the partnership of two great American companies—DuPont and FedEx—and our friends in Vietnam . Thank you ! DuPont_News FedEx
What should make a born of her men ’ s her !	The United States will be powerfully supporting those industries , like Airlines and others , that are particularly affected by the Chinese Virus . We will be stronger than ever before !
What be the less than the three than the from the sea .	I saved the Iron Range from the Obama Closure . We opened it up again , proudly . Also sent the National Guard the Minneapolis to squelch a big problem . It worked , and quickly ! ! !
The a man is a man ’ s great a great soldier ’ s a man ’ s ’ s lost ’ s a great a great a great bed .	This is a great book , a must read !
The matter are well to the matter that is there ?	. . . . and more control over Iraq , and the people of Iraq are not happy with that . It will never end well !
What I love , ?	The United States has paid Iraq Billions of Dollars a year , for many years . That is on top of all else we have done for them . The people of Iraq don’t want to be dominated & , controlled by Iran , but ultimately , that is their choice . Over the last 15 years , Iran has gained more . . . .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s wit , and better a better better ’ s better a better ”	. . . . of PROTESTERS killed in Iran itself . While Iran will never be able to properly admit it , Soleimani was both hated and feared within the country . They are not nearly as saddened as the leaders will let the outside world believe . He should have been taken out many years ago !
Call her her bed , why ’ s a ”	. . . The Bob Woodward book will be a FAKE , as always , just as many of the others have been . But , believe it or not , lately I’ve been getting lots of GREAT books !
Why , I hope the people ’ s plain like a plain .	Everybody does phony books on Donald Trump and Republicans , just like the Fake Dossier , which turned out to be a total fraud perpetrated by Crooked Hillary Clinton and the DNC . . .
A it your bed .	OBAMAGATE MAKES WATERGATE LOOK LIKE SMALL POTATOES !
Why , that thou shalt have a good thanks .	If the Dems get in , our Country is in big trouble !
He is to meet you .	SPIRIT OF AMERICA SHOWCASE !
I have a friend of your sister to meet your sister .	Absentee Ballots are a great way to vote for the many senior citizens , military , and others who can’t get to the polls on Election Day . These ballots are very different from 100% Mail-In Voting , which is “RIPE for FRAUD , ” and shouldn’t be allowed !
What ’ s that much money did today ?	Great honor , I think ? Mark Zuckerberg recently stated that “Donald J . Trump is Number 1 on Facebook . Number 2 is Prime Minister Modi of India . ” Actually , I am going to India in two weeks . Looking forward to it !
Why , let her be her ?	. . . Congress should send me H . R . 473 ASAP and make this happen ! It will INSPIRE all women to continue being bold and brave in achieving their DREAMS !
What ’ s a matter !	I have done more for WOMEN than just about any President in HISTORY ! As we celebrate the 100th Anniversary of women’s voting rights , we should build a BEAUTIFUL STATUE in Washington D . C . to honor the many brave women who made this possible for our GREAT COUNTRY . . .
What 's !	We are acting as a police force , not the fighting force that we are , in Afghanistan . After 19 years , it is time for them to police their own Country . Bring our soldiers back home but closely watch what is going on and strike with a thunder like never before , if necessary !
For they are jealous or that , or that , and both , and both , and are they are .	Big crowds and lines already forming in Tulsa . My campaign hasn’t started yet . It starts on Saturday night in Oklahoma !
Who ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a ”	Thank you to Eli Lake !
Who did went about you ?	Nice !
He is the man , never was a man ’ s one that we have ’ s man !	. OANN A key CoronaVirus Model is now predicting far fewer deaths than the number shown in earlier models . That’s because the American people are doing a great job . Social Distancing etc . Keep going !
The people have but by the rate , And that it is , which you have been .	Great news Lindsey !
I ’ s a man .	We pass 15 , 000 , 000 Tests Today , by far the most in the World . Open Safely !
What ’ s sun , ’ s bed to her again .	The Democrats are doing totally false advertising . They have done NOTHING for years , including when Sleepy Joe was V . P . , and they now have a Fake ad that my China Deal is losing us jobs . Opposite , &; China is paying us $BILLIONS . Also , I LOVE Seniors &; protect Preexisting C’s .
.	I have directed stevenmnuchin1 to get ready to send direct payments ( $3 , 400 for family of four ) to all Americans . DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP !
What if the other will give it rather be made of the instant .	. . Even whether it’s dumb warmongers like John Bolton , social pretenders like Bob Woodward , who never has anything good to say , or an unstable niece , who was now rightfully shunned , scorned and mocked her entire life , and never even liked by her own very kind &; caring grandfather !
.	“This is all about undermining the next Election . ” Liz Peek , FoxNews
The great of the men ’ s great a great men ’ s great a great great work .	TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
What say , a man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s not speak of the which I am a speak of a thing .	GOD BLESS THE USA !
Why , thou should be thy son of the fair son .	Thank you Milwaukee , Wisconsin ! #KAG2020 #MAGA
Who must be his play , his play , there , they have a play there .	Thank you to Rick Scott . This Impeachment Hoax is an outrage !
And the the look like the day , and they are they then , they are come to the thing , and the time , and be done , and every thing , and every thing they are they are they are they are they are they are	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and then , KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
.	On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day , we honor the more than 500 , 000 American warriors captured while protecting our way of life . We pay tribute to these Patriots for their unwavering and unrelenting spirit !
Was ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ”	The “Times” is a disgrace to journalism !
Great the wind of her hours by men ’ s bed of her chamber , sir , on ’ s the wind of her ?	Dr . Taylor Marshall , author . “There Is A War On Christianity” . OANN
Marry , sir , that thou shalt have a pretty daughter .	The Democrats are just ANGRY that the vaccine and delivery are so far ahead of schedule . They hate what they are seeing . Saving lives should make them happy , not sad !
What ’ s a fire ’ s fire ’ s fire ’ s great her ’ s ’ s people ’ s a great her	Psycho Joe Scarborough is rattled , not only by his bad ratings but all of the things and facts that are coming out on the internet about opening a Cold Case . He knows what is happening !
Who 's a matter	I am ready to have USTreasury and SBA send additional PPP payments to small businesses that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus . DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP !
My lord is so much that I can tell my own eyes , I am the truth .	Why are the Democrats allowed to make fake and fraudulent ads . They should be called out . They did nothing when they had the chance . I have done FAR more than any President in first 3 1/2 years !
Who did much better than he did have lost .	“Democrats repeatedly claimed impeachment was an urgent matter , but now Nancy Pelosi uses stall tactics to obstruct the Senate . ” replouiegohmert HeyTammyBruce FoxNews It’s all part of the Impeachment Hoax !
I love , that he is a friend , sir !	Thank you Ritchie !
What , great a man ’ s fear .	Thank you to the great Pat Lynch &; the NYCPBA . I will never let you down !
Call the last , but time again , and her last night .	The movie will never be the same ! ( just kidding )
You talk , that that ’ s men have done .	I guess Justin T doesn’t much like my making him pay up on NATO or Trade !
Such long as a good yet of his mind .	California leads the nation , by far , in both the number of homeless people , and the percentage increase in the homeless population - two terrible stats . Crazy Nancy should focus on that in her very down district , and helping her incompetent governor with the big homeless problem !
.	“Nancy Pelosi is trying to usurp the Constitutional role of the Senate . The longer this goes on , the more petty , partisan & , political it all looks . ” KarlRove FoxNews Just more of the same from the Do Nothing Dems . Nancy should be helping the record number of homeless in her D !
Who is the men ’ s ’ s no more ’ s .	“Nasdaq Hits 9 , 000 for First Time Ever”
The weak of men .	“Trump stock market rally is far outpacing past US presidents”
The weak and wit and wit .	Russia , Syria , and Iran are killing , or on their way to killing , thousands of innocent civilians in Idlib Province . Don’t do it ! Turkey is working hard to stop this carnage .
Why , that he will be so much but he ’ s great say , he is the talk of all .	Despite all of the great success that our Country has had over the last 3 years , it makes it much more difficult to deal with foreign leaders ( and others ) when I am having to constantly defend myself against the Do Nothing Democrats & , their bogus Impeachment Scam . Bad for USA !
.	“Nancy Pelosi has no leverage over the Senate . Mitch McConnell did not nose his way into the impeachment process in the House , and she has no standing in the Senate . ” Brad Blakeman . Crazy Nancy should clean up her filthy dirty District & , help the homeless there . A primary for N ?
Then how come how he should be near the high ?	Nancy Pelosi’s District in California has rapidly become one of the worst anywhere in the USA when it come to the homeless & , crime . It has gotten so bad , so fast - she has lost total control and , along with her equally incompetent governor , Gavin Newsom , it is a very sad sight !
Good by him .	Brad Blakeman “I happen to believe as a lawyer that the charges are defective , they don’t meet the Constitutional standard of high crimes and misdemeanors , so I would like to see a Motion to Dismiss . At least 51 Republican Senators would agree with that-there should be no trial . ”
From the watch the watch that they say to say , and the ready to be ready .	. . . & , overwhelming , ” but this Scam Impeachment was neither . Also , very unfair with no Due Process , proper representation , or witnesses . Now Pelosi is demanding everything the Republicans weren’t allowed to have in the House . Dems want to run majority Republican Senate . Hypocrites !
What ’ s great a great men ’ s great men !	Why should Crazy Nancy Pelosi , just because she has a slight majority in the House , be allowed to Impeach the President of the United States ? Got ZERO Republican votes , there was no crime , the call with Ukraine was perfect , with “no pressure . ” She said it must be “bipartisan . . .
Go to for tonight !	Great News: Prime Minister Boris Johnson has just been moved out of Intensive Care . Get well Boris ! ! !
Why , thou shalt be a great love .	Former National Security Adviser for President Obama said “President Trump was absolutely correct” in taking out terroristist leader Soleimani . Thank you General Jones !
Good fortune ’ s a doubt ’ s great good .	The Democrats don’t want a Witness Trade because Shifty Schiff , the Biden’s , the fake Whistleblower ( &; his lawyer ) , the second Whistleblower ( who vanished after I released the Transcripts ) , the so-called “informer” , &; many other Democrat disasters , would be a BIG problem for them !
.	The Radical Left Lamestream Media , together with their partner , the Do Nothing Democrats , are trying to spread a new narrative that President Trump was slow in reacting to Covid 19 . Wrong , I was very fast , even doing the Ban on China long before anybody thought necessary !
.	I am ready to send more money to States and Local governments to save jobs for Police , Fire Fighters , First Responders , and Teachers . DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP !
The more ’ s company is not merry , but yet ’ s man ’ s thing that ’ s part of a thing is not be .	The Governor of North Carolina , RoyCooperNC , made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State . Millions of Dollars , &; JOBS , lost by State . VOTE FOR danforrest
What had a monster a a monster , I would have a time .	Tony Fauci has nothing to do with NFL Football . They are planning a very safe and controlled opening . However , if they don’t stand for our National Anthem and our Great American Flag , I won’t be watching ! ! !
.	The United States looks forward to welcoming Prime Minister Netanyahu &; Blue &; White Chairman Gantzbe to the WhiteHouse next week . Reports about details and timing of our closely-held peace plan are purely speculative .
.	. . . . . biggest test of his presidency emboldened , ready to claim exoneration , and take his case of grievance , persecution and resentment to the campaign trail . ” Peter Baker nytimes The Greatest Witch Hunt In American History !
The great a very great Who is not in a good Hath a good man in his word of his word , but a good man is a good man ’ s a good Hath not have a good Hath not have a good mother .	“Ralph Waldo Emerson seemed to foresee the lesson of the Senate Impeachment Trial of President Trump . ‘When you strike at the King , Emerson famously said , “you must kill him . ’ Mr . Trump’s foes struck at him but did not take him down . A triumphant Mr . Trump emerges from the . . . . .
I will turn down the matter to the matter for I could live to be many of my mother .	The Wall Street Journal always “forgets” to mention that the ratings for the White House Press Briefings are “through the roof” ( Monday Night Football , Bachelor Finale , according to nytimes ) &; is only way for me to escape the Fake News &; get my views across . WSJ is Fake News !
I doubt no doubt that ’ s doubt well tonight .	I just spoke to the highly respected Mayor of Tulsa , G . T . Bynum , who informed me there will be no curfew tonight or tomorrow for our many supporters attending the #MAGA Rally . Enjoy yourselves - thank you to Mayor Bynum ! gtbynum
I hope that is a great night for the great such a great great Caesar .	Thank you George !
Call her ?	Twitter has now shown that everything we have been saying about them ( and their other compatriots ) is correct . Big action to follow !
The time of her come from her daughter ’ s voice .	Now that Biden’s Polls are dropping fast , he has agreed to get out of his basement and start campaignin , “in ten days . ” Sadly , that is a very slow reaction time for a President . Our beloved USA needs a much faster , smarter , and tougher response than that . Get out there today , Joe !
Who with her again again ” Who ’ s her ”	. . . . New Hampshire - and the big crowds - was great last night . Thank you ! Heading now for Louisiana &; Texas to check out the damage done by Hurricane Laura . FEMA &; FEMA_Pete are , together with Law Enforcement and First Responders , doing a great job !
If a good night is the good night , ’ s night , and the night is ’ s time !	IG report on Andrew McCabe: Misled Investigators over roll in news media disclosure . . . Lacked Candor ( Lied ) on four separate occasions . . . Authotized Media Leaks to advance personal interests . . . IG RECOMMENDED MCCABE’S FIRING . FoxNews IngrahamAngle
Who , her “ Call her her ”	“The Democrats have now conceded that President Trump has not committed a crime . ” AriFleischer
Who is not not that you think he is the most in a times of a thing .	Congressman JamesComer is working hard for the people of Kentucky ! He fights for his fellow Farmers , and is Strong on Trade , Cutting Taxes , and the Second Amendment . Jamie has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KY01
Who was a great a great was given him a great a great that he was the great was of the great a great was a great men of his life , a great was a great men of his life !	The United States has been experiencing , believe it or not , Historically Low Crime Rates . The last thing we will be doing is Defunding or Eliminating our many and various Police Departments or , putting an end to our great Second Amendment !
I love a great people !	Happy #ConstitutionDay !
The next be very hard at the next of the next would lose the next of the next .	Trump Lands Major Endorsements From Democrat Mayors in Minnesota Thank you so much . I will never let you down !
Who says the next will be better in the next man hath lost it in the next !	RothsteinTravis . Art of the Deal .
I have seen a man of her never think .	Congressman BrettGuthrie fights for the Commonwealth of Kentucky ! A West Point graduate , he is Strong on Jobs , Reducing Taxes , and our Great Military and Vets . Brett has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KY02
No , I ’ s a woman ’ s bed When I have been today , When they do be , I ’ s the other of her that I have been today .	. ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia , and we need him back in Congress ! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL , and he is Strong on the Border , Military , and the Second Amendment . Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #VA02
The more win today .	“It’s a trap because they want to tank the economy and make everything look trrrible so they can make President Trump look bad in November . They want Trump to have to send in troops so it looks bad for him . ” Dave Rubin , author of “Don’t Burn This Book . ” seanhannity
The time of his hard first in him .	Our fantastic First Lady !
Who should have been in the last night .	“President Trump shows us that electability is no match for electricity” by KellyannePolls
.	Great News !
A bad thing he is a great great great a great general .	. . . . We will always be there for our Great Farmers , Cattlemen , Ranchers , and Producers !
So much for the men have been their own .	I have directed SecretarySonny to expedite help to our farmers , especially to the smaller farmers who are hurting right now . I expect Secretary Purdue to use all of the funds and authorities at his disposal to make sure that our food supply is stable , strong , and safe . . . .
I ’ ll put the more in the time in the matter .	I am ready to send $105B to the states to help open schools safely with additional PPE . DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP !
They found They and never was a body in the thought to the thought .	Senator Mitch McConnell ( Team_Mitch ) always delivers for the people of Kentucky , who will hopefully re-elect their powerful Senate Majority Leader . Mitch has helped us Make America Great Again , and has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KYSEN
The great a great office of her work of the general .	If I didn’t demand that National Guard Troops go into Minneapolis after watching how poorly the Liberal Democrat government was handling things , you wouldn’t even have a Minneapolis now . Once they were deployed , in force , all looting , burning and crime stopped DEAD !
What should have brought in her men to have ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s have been in the other of her that have been a great men to her	Interesting poll in Texas-13 ! #TX13
I told you , where I am a more a woman to win the her .	Close race in Kansas !
The matter that is ’ s eyes of the eyes .	WARRANTLESS SURVEILLANCE OF AMERICANS IS WRONG !
When a one that that will be come to her .	More Fake News , this time from Jimmy Kimmel’s last place show !
I look forth of her again again , if the name of my name again .	Watch Mark Levin NOW on FoxNews . Topic: Mail-In Voting !
Most gone , but the fashion of his own way .	Thank you David !
.	Thank you to NASA and SpaceX for their hard work and leadership . Look forward to being back with you on Saturday !
The will to the woman ’ s death , That they have I am .	The Governor of North Carolina , RoyCooperNC , made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State . Millions of Dollars , &; JOBS , lost by State . VOTE FOR DanForrest !
My lord , you ’ s great him from the great them for this great .	Why are Democrats and unions working against life-changing school choice for underserved children ? President Trump supports SCHOOL CHOICE ! #SchoolChoiceNow
The the matter with her was a ” I ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter with the matter .	I LOVE ALABAMA !
The Moor he must be again to the best again !	I am ready to send Rental Assistance payments to hardworking Americans that have been hurt by the ChinaVirus . DEMOCRATS ARE HOLDING THIS UP !
The time to her that ’ s chamber .	Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement . We need Dan in Washington !
Why , on a very man ’ s one must come again .	Joe Biden’s rally . ZERO enthusiasm !
I ’ ll be very well for a good .	Minnesota , we need Lacy Johnson in Washington , D . C . Has my Complete and Total Endorsement . He’s tough and smart - and loves Minnesota . Look at the MESS you just went through - No more . Next time call up the National Guard much sooner , and Vote for Lacy !
Who may be so or may not be so .	If the FISA Bill is passed tonight on the House floor , I will quickly VETO it . Our Country has just suffered through the greatest political crime in its history . The massive abuse of FISA was a big part of it !
And for the best to him but he can he can he can be no better .	The Governor of North Carolina , RoyCooperNC , made it absolutely IMPOSSIBLE for the Republican Party to have its Convention there - and we all love the State . Millions of Dollars , &; JOBS , lost by State . VOTE FOR DanForestNC !
The men are the work now to the tongue and the tongue .	A poll of Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats just came out in Florida . Nice results !
Go to this , and be a mock ’ s love !	About the only way a person is able to write a book on me is if they agree that it will contain as much bad “stuff” as possible , much of which is lies . It’s like getting a job with CNN or MSDNC and saying that “President Trump is great . ” You have ZERO chance . FAKE NEWS !
In the time to be tonight and be a very honest and be so .	Crazy Bernie takes the lead in the Democrat Primaries , but it is looking more and more like the Dems will never allow him to win ! Will Sleepy Joe be able to stumble across the finish line ?
Why does it a ring have a man a man ?	Democrats are going to destroy your Social Security . I have totally left it alone , as promised , and will save it !
Our Our news , sir , is a man in the man ’ s man ’ s head , the matter , the man ’ s three of his head , and a man ’ s a man ’ s head , and a man in his head ,	Just landed in New York to see my brother , Robert . We’re going for New York on November 3rd . We’re going to Reduce Taxes , Increase Law Enforcement , and bring it back BIG TIME ! #MAGA
Nay , no more than the time .	. . . . I have asked for this investigation to be expedited and greatly appreciate all of the work done by local law enforcement . My heart goes out to George’s family and friends . Justice will be served !
Why the hell did we have the first of the first .	At my request , the FBI and the Department of Justice are already well into an investigation as to the very sad and tragic death in Minnesota of George Floyd . . . .
.	Probably Shifty Schiff , but others also , LEAK information to the Fake News . No matter what or who it is about , including China , these deranged lowlifes like the Russia , Russia , Russia narrative . Plays better for them . DNI_Ratcliffe doing a great job !
Why , my hope of my lord of her ?	Darrell always has had my full support and complete and total Endorsement . We need him badly in Washington !
Why , you thank you , you thank you , I thank you , I thank you , I thank you , you , you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ s part of a thing you ’ ll have a part of a part of a	Just returned to Washington from Louisiana &; Texas , after tours and discussions concerning Hurricane Laura . Thank you to FEMA and ALL . God bless the families of those who perished !
What eyes , that you will speak of my eyes , I will speak , I will you speak of the eyes .	He is arguably the greatest president in our history . ” Thank you LouDobbs !
The soldier hath been in the hours of her ” ’ s one of her .	On my way , see you soon !
Who was at the matter that ’ s marriage ?	That is a real fan . Thank you !
What be thought he will ?	Years ago the Democrats had the money to build the Wall , but they didn’t have any idea how to get it done . I am building it bigger and better than ever thought possible !
The March ’ s the March .	The thugs who accosted Senator RandPaul and his wonderful wife , Kelly , together with those who made threats to many other people who had just attended the Republican National Convention at the White House , must be sought out and immediately arrested . Well documented evidence !
I had but fire , a great fire , a thing he ’ s a night .	TuckerCarlson
Remember , the end of the end of her have lost .	. . . . as to whether they want help in taking back Seattle . Ready to move quickly ! Damage to various Democrat run Cities &; States , including statue demolition , should not be allowed to happen . Ready to solve problem quickly ! Federal Government is Ready , Willing &; Able ! TuckerCarlson
I think ’ s that will be well in the second work of her .	Informed Dr . Fauci this morning that he has nothing to do with NFL Football . Forced Democrat run Minnesota to bring in the National Guard &; end rioting &; looting after seeing the destruction &; crime in Minneapolis . 100% successful ! Waiting to hear from Dem run Washington State . . .
In the time to be in the rest of the rest .	. CNN should move Fredo back to the morning slot . He was rewarded for bad ratings with a much better time slot - and again got really bad ratings . Getting totally trounced by FoxNews . Give him another shot in the morning - He would easily beat Morning Joe’s poorly rated show !
When the will be the matter ?	Federal Government is working very well with the Governors and State officials . Good things will happen ! #KILLTHEVIRUS
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Cuomo wants “all states to be treated the same . ” But all states aren’t the same . Some are being hit hard by the Chinese Virus , some are being hit practically not at all . New York is a very big “hotspot” , West Virginia has , thus far , zero cases . Andrew , keep politics out of it . . . .
Shall be a month of the month of his lord .	Thank you !
In the end , Who did not a friend .	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Why , ’ s had not of a people ?	. . . Importantly , we also won on the Ballot Cure Provision . Waiting for the BIG Federal decisions in Pennsylvania , Nevada , and elsewhere !
But should be out of the men ’ s own time to the time are .	State Supreme Court in Pennsylvania just affirmed that Ballot harvesting remains illegal . We will be watching that the Democrats do not Ballot Harvest - a felony . In other words , the Republican Party won on the atrocious Ballot Harvesting Scam . . .
.	Unsolicited Ballots are uncontrollable , totally open to ELECTION INTERFERENCE by foreign countries , and will lead to massive chaos and confusion !
.	I would like to extend best wishes and a very happy 70th birthday to the Prime Minister of India , narendramodi . Many happy returns to a GREAT LEADER and loyal friend !
.	Mail-In Ballots will lead to massive electoral fraud and a rigged 2020 Election . Look at all of the cases and examples that are out there right now , with the Patterson , N . J . , being the most recent example . Republicans , in particular , cannot let this happen !
The great stage for the great gods will be the very , and the most like .	. . . egregious behavior , which is just the way they want it . This was not a mistake , it was done illegally and on purpose . We want Mike !
At the suit of the business will I live the next day I will make the next matter .	Congratulations Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga . You have a great life story ! I know you will do a tremendous job for Japan and for the world . Look forward to talking soon ! kantei sugawitter
A dearest men ’ s her that now ?	I am lowering , not raising , Medicare Premiums !
I would do so thing I have a thing I would have .	True !
In the time to her speech in the speech .	Failing Michigan Governor must work harder and be much more proactive . We are pushing her to get the job done . I stand with Michigan !
Who will with the best of her men ’ s work .	Big Tech is doing everything in their very considerable power to CENSOR in advance of the 2020 Election . If that happens , we no longer have our freedom . I will never let it happen ! They tried hard in 2016 , and lost . Now they are going absolutely CRAZY . Stay Tuned ! ! !
My friend ’ s her say the friend .	Wow , this is BIG !
Why to hear that is a well .	LAW &; ORDER !
I promise to the new in his new man ’ s again !	Remember , will be at Daytona 500 tomorrow !
The more than the business that ’ s it is it .	Carlos will win big , very exciting . Great for Florida , great for USA ! He has my complete and total Endorsement !
What ’ s a say , the bond more than the bond more than from the bond more than the Moor	The D . C . Police are not doing their job as they watch a statue be ripped down &; burn . These people should be immediately arrested . A disgrace to our Country ! MayorBowser
Who hath been the most born of her ' th ' th ' tis very fit .	BIG PROGRESS !
Why , ’ s good too .	Going up the East River Drive , and fast . THANK YOU NYPD ! On November 3rd we’re bringing you back ! #LESM #MAGA
Call the most like a like a like a like a chamber .	Watch Live: Trump Supporters Descend on Tulsa on Eve of Trump Rally via BreitbartNews Thank you to all . See you tonight in Tulsa !
The men ’ s a great men will be he was great him .	Texas Supreme Court: Lack of immunity to COVID-19 alone not enough to vote by mail Big win in Texas on the dangerous Mail In Voting Scam !
Faith , and her that ’ s her ” and the matter .	. brianstelter is just a poor man’s lapdog for AT&amp;T !
Will you be a great gods ’ s great thee .	Thank you Erin !
.	I promised YOU I would not take a dime of salary as your President . I donate the entire $400 , 000 ! It is my honor to give $100 , 000 to NatlParkService to help repair and restore our GREAT National Monuments . So important to our American History ! Thank You ! !
You thank you .	USA planning to cut military presence in Iraq -
Faith , a good man was not , good tonight , he was , and he was tonight !	Jeanne Mancini , President , March for Life: “We have never had a President of the United States actually come in person to the March for Life . ” But now you do ! See you later Jeanne . HeatherChilders FoxNews
The lies in the sun , the bones of France , the Queen of her blood , Who lies in the sun , Who lies the bed of her bed , Who ’ s bed , Which the bed .	The biggest difference between the Presidential Race in 2020 and that of 2016 is the 2016 candidate , Crooked Hillary Clinton , was much smarter and sharper than Slow Joe , we have even more ENTHUSIASM now , and FoxNews has become politically correct and no longer the big deal !
Have you heard her that ?	Thank you to JackBrewerBSI for your kind words on the great progress we have made on our powerful African-American Agenda . For one , lowest unemployment numbers in USA history . Many other great records ! foxandfriends FoxNews
You thank you .	Who else gave the less than elite ( We are the elite . We know how to WIN ! ) 260 great new Federal Judges , 2 SCJ’s , Low Taxes , biggest ever REG . CUTS , Rebuilt Military , Choice , saved 2A &; MUCH more ? Not Sleepy Joe ! Thank you Erick .
Why , you thank you , you thank you , I thank you , I thank you , I thank you , you , you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ s part of a thing you ’ ll have a part of a part of a	Senator CoryGardner is doing a terrific job - we just passed his landmark legislation , the Great American Outdoors Act . Strong on our Military , Vets and the Second Amendment , Cory has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Ay , and well .	“21 State Attorney Generals denouncing the Impeachment of President Trump . ” FoxNews
Call it up and never give up !	“He’s got to explain this . How did Hunter Biden get a billion and a half dollars ( from China ) to invest when he’d been in business for 60 days ? ” LindseyGrahamSC FoxNews
Who is the more than the more of the upon the upon the Moor ?	. . . Steve Bullock is totally against your Second Amendment and just received an F rating from the NRA . Steve , on the other hand , just received an A+ rating . Vote for Steve Daines . He has always had my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MTSEN
I am very proud of a very proud !	Senator SteveDaines is doing a tremendous job for the people of Montana ! He just helped me pass the Great American Outdoors Act , which protects the Montana way of life . His opponent , Steve Bullock , would be an absolute horror for Montana . . .
Look in you , you have been in the streets !	Thank you Lou !
Who must be great for the great and for the great was and he was a great lost .	This book is a MUST BUY !
Who call him a friend , his friend , great great him , like a dog !	Today , it was my great honor to proudly accept the endorsement of the NYCPBA ! I have deeply and profoundly admired the brave men and women of the #NYPD for my entire life . New York’s Finest are truly the best of the best — I will NEVER let you down ! #MAGA
Look you ’ s a more a make a wit ?	Everything a Governor asked the Federal Government for with respect to the Pandemic , they got . They all said , on tape , the Federal government did a great job . Governor Cuomo used the word “phenomenal . ” The Task Force worked well with the States . Feds bailed out many States !
Faith , sir , for the bond of the bond of the bond and ’ s three and sir , for the Moor ’ s bond and the bond and ’ s three of his bond and Who ’ s three To ’ s brother ’ s brother ’ s	The big backlash going on in Portland cannot be unexpected after 95 days of watching and incompetent Mayor admit that he has no idea what he is doing . The people of Portland won’t put up with no safety any longer . The Mayor is a FOOL . Bring in the National Guard !
.	We will bring safety to our cities . We will bring hope to our most distressed communities — and in everything we do , we will stand in solidarity with the men and women of LAW ENFORCEMENT ! Thank you to the NYCPBA for your endorsement . God Bless the #NYPD , and God Bless America !
What else , how much will be the reason to the matter ?	. . . . . who was all washed up until I brought him back and gave him a chance , broke the law by releasing Classified Information ( in massive amounts ) . He must pay a very big price for this , as others have before him . This should never to happen again ! ! !
The matter upon her tonight , her ’ s her ' s the matter .	Wow , I finally agree with failed political consultant Steve Schmidt , who called Wacko John Bolton “a despicable man who failed in his duty to protect America . ” Also stated that he should never be allowed to serve in government again . So true ! Plain and simple , John Bolton , . . . .
The place are now that her work of her .	Thank you Frank . It’s ABC Fake News . They knew they were wrong when they went with this Hoax of a story !
What day is the day of the day , and England will be And think , And think ’ s the day of the day .	. . . . Bolton broke the law and has been called out and rebuked for so doing , with a really big price to pay . He likes dropping bombs on people , and killing them . Now he will have bombs dropped on him !
A place where ’ s a man ’ s the matter , the matter of the matter , and the matter , the matter , and the matter , and the work of her	He cannot pass the test I “aced” . He should give it a try ! ! !
The hour is to her men ’ s crown in his vice !	Tim Scott is Great !
The time hath made it after her .	He looks better !
And he may prove the new crown from her .	BIG COURT WIN against Bolton . Obviously , with the book already given out and leaked to many people and the media , nothing the highly respected Judge could have done about stopping it . . . BUT , strong &; powerful statements &; rulings on MONEY &; on BREAKING CLASSIFICATION were made . . . .
The thought that Or else of a good success .	There is a rise in Coronavirus cases because our testing is so massive and so good , far bigger and better than any other country . This is great news , but even better news is that death , and the death rate , is DOWN . Also , younger people , who get better much easier and faster !
The sun is one of her ”	Maybach_Zach . Thanks .
Why , and a very well , and very soon .	Actually , a must read . Really good !
Why on the next ?	. . . of the Ballots in Nevada ! ? Not fair , Rigged Election ! GovSisolak , will use every trick in the book to cheat with Ballots .
Who ’ s a ”	We had great rallies this past weekend , after the Governor of Nevada worked very hard to cancel all of our venues . Despite the fact that he controls the state , he failed , but would have rather done rally outside . Can you imagine this man is in charge . . .
Who ’ s a “ ” “ Call in the last the last of the last had	Our great National Guard could solve these problems in less than 1 hour . Local authorities must ask before it is too late . People of Portland , and other Democrat run cities , are disgusted with Schumer , Pelosi , and thier local “leaders” . They want Law &; Order !
Who was with a very great her was a very great was a very great great great work with a great a great men of a very great men ’ s great a very great work with her ” .	. CBS and their show , 60Minutes , are doing everything within their power , which is far less today than it was in the past , to defend China and the horrible Virus pandemic that was inflicted on the USA and the rest of the World . I guess they want to do business in China !
You have to love you what love and keep your grief .	Ending surprise medical billing moving ahead in Congress ! Thanks to Ways &; Means and Education/Labor Committees for your work on Bills to protect patients and end medical bill ripoffs ! Work with Energy &; Commerce , HELP committees to send BIPARTISAN bill to my desk !
The wonder of the world ’ s the most late of the the general .	Wheeler is incompetent , much like Sleepy Joe Biden . This is not what our great Country wants . They want Safety &; Security , and do NOT want to Defund our Police !
What ’ s sister to her sister ’ s a ”	. BethVanDuyne did Great things as Mayor of Irving , Texas , with my Administration . She is a Strong Conservative who supports Border Security , Loves our Military , Vets , and supports your #2A . Beth has my Full Endorsement for Congress !
Why , you good fortune and merry .	. WesleyHuntTX is running for Congress in the Great State of Texas . He will help us accomplish our America First policies . Wesley is strong on Crime , the Border , our 2nd Amendment , Trade , Military and Vets . Wesley has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The means is he ’ s a very strong of the great things .	Thank you Cowboys . See you in New Mexico !
.	NASDAQ HAD ITS 23RD RECORD CLOSE OF THE YEAR . OTHER EXCHANGES ARE FOLLOWING CLOSELY BEHIND . TREMENDOUS POTENTIAL REMAINING . BIG MONTHS UPCOMING . NEXT YEAR , DEPENDING ON AN ELECTION WIN , WILL BE ONE OF THE BEST EVER ! LouDobbs
A very white for a very many of a very great power .	Very strange . Sleepy Joe never takes questions . Also , his reporters have zero drive . Why can’t my reporters behave like that ? Something is going on !
Let the gold to her sister .	Congratulations , BurgessOwens , on your impressive primary victory ! A Super Bowl Champion , Burgess knows how to WIN . Strong on Life , Military , Vets and the #2A , he will always fight for Utah . Burgess has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #UT04
The more hell , keep the hell , ’ s ’ s ’ s the more hell ’ s crown , ’ s the more hell ’ s a hell ’ s again .	Thank you !
The hour must be by that she should be made to the thing that they have made .	Getting ready to go to the Daytona 500 . Will be GREAT !
.	michaellunsford . Thanks .
The sun is a bed .	. . . . I know Ronny well . He will NEVER let you down . Solid as a rock . Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TX13 #MAGA
.	Trump on Russia Hoax: ‘When the Papers Come Out’ We Will Learn Obama ‘Knew Everything’
The full of her that have a speech of her speech .	He got caught , OBAMAGATE !
But to my friend of her friend that is the matter that now .	Last week the Fake News said that a section of our powerful , under construction , Southern Border Wall “fell over” , trying to make it sound terrible , except the reason was that the concrete foundation was just poured &; soaking wet when big winds kicked in . Quickly fixed “forever” .
I ’ ll be so !	THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER BEFORE ! #MAGA
Why , I thank you .	. RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man . An Admiral in the Navy , he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets . As a medical doctor , Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes , the Border and the Second Amendment . . .
You thank you .	My friend , BillHagertyTN , will be a phenomenal Senator for Tennessee ! He did an incredible job for our country as Ambassador to Japan . Strong on the Economy , Trade and the Wall , Bill stands Tall for Law &; Order . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The better , her good speech was in a best was .	So terrible !
What should he wrong the people ’ s men .	#DAYTONA500
No matter how good the man ’ s will be , they are all .	The world is at war with a hidden enemy . WE WILL WIN !
The very done he is well .	Yet she doesn’t let people even breath in Michigan . A very bad double standard !
The world is the in the world ’ s the world .	Joe Biden’s record can be summed up as 4 decades of betrayal , calamity and failure — he NEVER did ANYTHING !
Must be the young and young men in the young wars that the young and be the war of the sun that the young men of his crown for his crown for his crown for the young men that young men that young men ’ s crown for her	Congressman DrPaulGosar is a tremendous supporter of our #MAGA agenda ! He is Strong on the Wall , Law Enforcement and the Second Amendment , and he always puts America First ! Paul has my Complete and Total Endorsement . #AZ04
The day I must have been much for for him .	Tony Gonzales ( TonyGonzales4TX ) will be a GREAT Congressman for Texas ! A Navy veteran , he is Strong on the Economy , Life and the Second Amendment . We need him to defeat the Radical Left in November . Tony has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TX23
Why , I thank you , ’ ll thank you ’ ll thank you , I thank you , ’ ll thank you ’ ll have a part of a ”	. . . talks big for the worker , but never delivers . Tim Ryan was a failed Presidential candidate and he keeps failing Ohio . Vote for Christina Hagan , who has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OH13
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Wow !
What ’ s again For ’ s ’ s the our people ’ s work of her ” and her ”	The Democrats know the 2020 Election will be a fraudulent mess . Will maybe never know who won !
The time will be gone to her great time to work !	Congressman Jeff Van Drew ( VanDrewForNJ ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values . Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First . Vote for Jeff !
.	Christina Hagan ( RepHagan ) will be an incredible Congresswoman for the working families of Northeast Ohio . An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda , she is Strong on Jobs , Border Security and your Second Amendment . Christina is running against an absolute failure , Tim Ryan , who . . .
What is the best of the best of men can think or great great ?	The greatest political crime in USA History !
.	ANTIFA is a Radical Left group that only wants bad things for our Country . They are supported by $FOOLS !
Who hath died .	Republicans are the party of LIBERTY , EQUALITY and JUSTICE for ALL . We are the Party of Abraham Lincoln and the party of LAW AND ORDER !
.	“Players take knee , raise fist , stay in locker room , during National Anthem” . FoxNews No thanks , tell them to “protest” some other time !
Read of my speech , her lord , Who in her ”	Left California for Arizona . Leaving Arizona after a GREAT meeting with our incredible Hispanic community . Heard fantastic and inspiring success stories . Will be landing in Washington ( D . C . ) soon ! Big White House ceremony tomorrow morning with Israel , UAE , and Bahrain .
The will be gone on her men , and the while the while .	. . . caused over so many years . Any attack by Iran , in any form , against the United States will be met with an attack on Iran that will be 1 , 000 times greater in magnitude !
.	According to press reports , Iran may be planning an assassination , or other attack , against the United States in retaliation for the killing of terrorist leader Soleimani , which was carried out for his planning a future attack , murdering USA Troops , and the death &; suffering . . .
What ’ s crown to her ” ’ s a ”	Democrat “Leadership” has no clue . Request help now . . . . Problem Over ! ! !
What ’ s great people had from her hear , And I love of love !	USAttyHuber Whatever happen to John Huber ?
What ’ s the queen , and the great a great a great people .	So true , but we won’t let that happen !
Not a bad of bad .	Great work by the Governors of AZ , IA , LA , and NM ( DougDucey IAGovernor LouisianaGov &; GovMLG ) who responded to my Executive Action and promptly submitted applications , that we APPROVED QUICKLY , to support Americans out of work because of the ChinaVirus . More states to come !
What , and if it be so impossible to her men shall be called her .	Democrats are blocking a 251 Million Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees . It should be for only that reason , with no additions . We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &; more . Big Economic Bounceback !
I am sure you would be well but be well .	The Democrat House wants to pass a Bill this week that will destroy our police . Republican Congressmen &; Congresswomen will hopefully fight hard to defeat it . We must protect and cherish our police , they keep us safe !
What 's !	This week , in only 4 days , we had the biggest Stock Market increase since 1974 . We have a great chance for the really big bounce when the Invisible Enemy is gone !
If the one of the way , ’ s ’ s the other are but let ’ s one ’ s one of her be the one of her ”	More Fake News !
Come , sir , have a more under her .	A Democrat win in 2020 would be a tragic setback for African Americans ! SteveHiltonx FoxNews
Who in the last of her that ’ s poor news is the poor news of poor news is the poor of a poor news of her of her that ’ s one of her ” is that ’ s one that ’ s poor of great one ’ s	Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd should be FIRED by “Concast” ( NBC ) for this fraud . He knew exactly what he was doing . Public Airwaves = Fake News ! AjitPaiFCC FCC
This day I spoke a great bed , And bring it .	Disgraceful Anarchists . We are watching them closely , but stupidly protected by the Radical Left Dems !
The matter were the worst .	. . . . And Michigan , and North Carolina . Next up , phony Ballot voting Hoax !
Who is he ’ s again once again .	Did you see where Joe Biden — as Weak , Tired , and Sleepy as he is , went to a Polling Place today in Delaware ( of course ! ) to VOTE ! ? If Biden can do it , any American can do it !
The matter will be the week of this week .	“His ( President Trump’s ) policies set a foundation that allowed us to survive the pandemic . ” HeyTammyBruce SteveHiltonx FoxNews True , we built something so strong that we are now setting economic growth records again - Jobs &; Growth ! ! !
A letter to my letter of my heart !	Democrats are blocking a 251 Billion Dollar funding boost for Small Businesses which will help them keep their employees . It should be for only that reason , with no additions . We should have a big Infrastructure Phase Four with Payroll Tax Cuts &; more . Big Economic Bounceback !
A letter from an woman ’ s the woman ’ s head , a woman ’ s .	Jim Banks: New York Times Damaged National Security to Hurt Trump via BreitbartNews Thank you Jim . They are Fake News !
Why , my lord .	So many different viewpoints !
What be on a say , a “ Call in her !	Fake News !
.	HAPPY PRESIDENT’S DAY !
A good merry and a good house .	Congress must go back to DEDUCTIBILITY by businesses if Restaurants , Clubs &; Entertaiment is expected to flourish ( like never before ) !
.	Completion of the Daytona 500 on Fox Network now . Enjoy !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	I will totally protect your Medicare &; Social Security !
Not a bad of bad .	Our Coronavirus testing is so much greater ( 25 million tests ) and so much more advanced , that it makes us look like we have more cases , especially proportionally , than other countries . My message on that is very clear !
Why , and we will have you .	Thank you !
Well , good fortune ’ s fortune !	Would be terrible for our Country !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	I will be having a news conference today to discuss very important news from the FDA concerning the Chinese Virus !
My lord with her that ’ s man should not why should be such an ass should be not so much of her that ’ s one of her bed	Thank you . We will not let them down !
Great her her ” and her her ” and her ”	Barr: Mail-in Ballots ‘Absolutely Opens the Floodgates to Fraud‘ via BreitbartNews . This will be the Election disaster of our time . Mail-In Ballots will lead to a RIGGED ELECTION !
Who is ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	Did you hear the latest con job ? President Obama is now trying to take credit for the Economic Boom taking place under the Trump Administration . He had the WEAKEST recovery since the Great Depression , despite Zero Fed Rate &; MASSIVE quantitative easing . NOW , best jobs numbers . . . .
Call her men Call her bed	I always treated the Chinese Virus very seriously , and have done a very good job from the beginning , including my very early decision to close the “borders” from China - against the wishes of almost all . Many lives were saved . The Fake News new narrative is disgraceful &; false !
.	OBAMAGATE !
Who should be her “ Who should have her her ”	. . . . ever . Had to rebuild our military , which was totally depleted . Fed Rate UP , taxes and regulations WAY DOWN . If Dems won in 2016 , the USA would be in big economic ( Depression ? ) &; military trouble right now . THE BEST IS YET TO COME . KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
My lord ’ s a one of her ' My lord ’ s part of my part ’ s part of a	RIGGED 2020 ELECTION: MILLIONS OF MAIL-IN BALLOTS WILL BE PRINTED BY FOREIGN COUNTRIES , AND OTHERS . IT WILL BE THE SCANDAL OF OUR TIMES !
Who never have a man ’ s never , as you know ’ s .	If Obama did this , they would speak of nothing else . Biden could NEVER do it !
Who in a ” ’ s a ”	After decades of division and conflict , we mark the dawn of a new Middle East . Congratulations to the people of Israel , the people of the United Arab Emirates , and the people of the Kingdom of Bahrain . God Bless You All !
What ’ s will be !	. . . . a foreign power , engaged in clandestine intelligence activities , and yet they still asked for the renewal , two more times , and it gave the right for the government to rifle through the Trump campaigns files , &; Emails , Text messages . . . . . ” So how bad &; illegal is that ? FoxNews
The matter upon her tonight ’ s a ”	Frances Hakes , former Federal prosecutor , “This is really significant . The FBI had debunked the Steele Dossier in January of 2017 , and then even after they did that , even after they knew from the CIA &; from their own sources , they knew that Carter Page was not the agent of
Can you be to her that that ’ s Egypt .	The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders , fat ahead of schedule . Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters . Bernie has given up , just like he did last time . He will be dropping out soon ! MAGA/KAG
.	I gave John Bolton , who was incapable of being Senate confirmed because he was considered a wacko , and was not liked , a chance . I always like hearing differing points of view . He turned out to be grossly incompetent , and a liar . See judge’s opinion . CLASSIFIED INFORMATION ! ! !
.	Praying for Ryan Newman , a great and brave NASCAR driver ! #PrayingForRyan
The more of her than with her men ’ s hope .	This will be a Big Day for Social Media and FAIRNESS !
This morning ’ s the morning have some of the morning ' s ’ s the morning	News Conference at 5:30 P . M . Enjoy !
My lord ’ s her that my bed , why should be not why should be such an ass should be not that ’ s one that ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed of her ”	The DNC will have gotten their fondest wish and defeated Bernie Sanders , far ahead of schedule . Now they are doing everything possible to be nice to him in order to keep his supporters . Bernie has given up , just like he did last time . He will be dropping out soon ! MAGA/KAG
Who ’ s again I ’ s more than this ?	After having been treated unbelievably unfairly in the House , and then having to endure hour after hour of lies , fraud &; deception by Shifty Schiff , Cryin’ Chuck Schumer &; their crew , looks like my lawyers will be forced to start on Saturday , which is called Death Valley in T . V .
They had both call them and her to her .	We have just reached a very sad milestone with the coronavirus pandemic deaths reaching 100 , 000 . To all of the families &; friends of those who have passed , I want to extend my heartfelt sympathy &; love for everything that these great people stood for &; represent . God be with you !
I did never went about her love .	This is why it’s not really the Lamestream Media , it’s the Rigged Media . . . . and it is what I’m up against . It was corrupt in 2016 . Now it is much more corrupt , and what you are seeing is the least of it . . . . but WE WILL WIN AGAIN !
The friend is one that hath the same enemies .	The honorable thing to do is drop the Mail-In Scam before it is too late ! Absentee Ballots , like they have in Florida , are good !
What say , how many more ’ s the many of the matter ?	My team and I are closely monitoring extremely dangerous Hurricane Sally . We are fully engaged with State &; Local Leaders to assist the great people of Alabama , Louisiana , and Mississippi . Be ready and listen to State and Local Leaders ! GovernorKayIvey LouisianaGov TateReeves
Who ’ s a great a great people ’ s great her ’ s great great work .	Because of MAIL-IN BALLOTS , 2020 will be the most RIGGED Election in our nations history - unless this stupidity is ended . We voted during World War One &; World War Two with no problem , but now they are using Covid in order to cheat by using Mail-Ins !
With the days till the days be more than it is , and her again , and her be the days of her days , and work of her again , and her again , ”	HISTORIC day for PEACE in the Middle East — I am welcoming leaders from Israel , the United Arab Emirates , and the Kingdom of Bahrain to the White House to sign landmark deals that no one thought was possible . MORE countries to follow !
If thou be a man ’ s never will have ’ s work to the man ’ s work of her	We are advertising all over the place , but as much as we do , the Fake News likes to say we aren’t . Just being smart . We have much more money than we had at same time in 2016 . Also spending on other , and different , elements of the campaign . Starting to get great poll numbers !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who is ’ s her ”	. . . . Also , according to the Daily Caller , leading Sleepy Joe Biden in Florida , 48% to 42% .
Kate ’ s her that she be in her blame .	“I often get asked the question , well , isn’t the President going to be stronger and harder to beat if he survives this ? The answer is yes , but , the Congress has no choice , it has a Constitutional responsibility . ” Joe Biden , pres . candidate . Even Joe agrees with us ! foxandfriends
The world is he in every thing that in the world ’ s money .	All over the World the CoronaVirus , a very bad “gift” from China , marches on . Not good !
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Thank you Tammy . You have quickly become a great voice for freedom !
The money I thank you .	Unlike the radical left , I will ALWAYS stand against socialism and with the people of Venezuela . My Admin has always stood on the side of FREEDOM and LIBERTY and against the oppressive Maduro regime ! I would only meet with Maduro to discuss one thing: a peaceful exit from power !
Why , a one that I think it .	Voter Scam !
Why , that you must be a ”	Thank you Clint !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	The Democrat Trump Hater Secretary of State of Michigan , purposely misprinted Ballots for the Military , putting the wrong names on the Ballot , and actually listing a member of another party as a replacement for Vice President Mike_Pence . Everybody is totally confused by their . . .
Why , That could be so .	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party , 53% overall . Not bad considering I get nothing but Fake &; Corrupt News , day and night . “Russia , Russia , Russia” , then “the Ukraine Scam ( where’s the Whistleblower ? ) ” , the “Impeachment Hoax” , and more , more , more . . . .
What ’ s a one that ’ s bed , would have a work .	Not good Gregg , but it is what it is . Have to save the airlines !
In two two thousand .	He should be FIRED by Concast . If done by a Republican , would be “prosecuted” . AjitPaiFCC
The general as a grace ’ s noble state .	Thank you to our GREAT Republican Congressmen &; Congresswomen on your incredibly important blockage last night of a FISA Bill that would just perpetuate the abuse that produced the Greatest Political Crime In the History of the USA , the Russian Witch-Hunt . Fantastic Job !
Must be so near of her never yet of her was there is the matter on the matter .	The Impeachment Hoax is interfering with the 2020 Election - But that was the idea behind the Radical Left , Do Nothing Dems Scam attack . They always knew I did nothing wrong !
Who is gone .	Thank you Lisa . Well stated ! ! !
What ’ s the many of him , and the will be of him ?	Bob Woodward’s badly written book is very boring &; totally “obsolete” . Didn’t even talk about the recent Middle East deal . Just another tired , washed up Trump Hater , who can’t stand that I have done so much , so quickly ! #MAGA
With that ’ s Egypt , and that they should be ?	We will be , by mutual consent , temporarily closing our Northern Border with Canada to non-essential traffic . Trade will not be affected . Details to follow !
Who there have been the people to our people ’ s the matter ?	The men and women of the National Guard have been doing a great job fighting the CoronaVirus . This week , I will extend their Title 32 orders through mid-August , so they can continue to help States succeed in their response and recovery efforts .
Why , that that ’ s love no more than They have been .	Democrats only want BAILOUT MONEY for Blue States that are doing badly . They don’t care about the people , never did !
Come , the monster !	Twitter makes sure that Trending on Twitter is anything bad , Fake or not , about President Donald Trump . So obvious what they are doing . Being studied now !
With the high things that did shake to sleep of the place , And on the food of great food .	I am SUBSTANTIALLY LOWERING MEDICARE PREMIUMS . Have instituted Favored Nations Clause and Rebates on Drug Companies . Never been done before . Drug companies are hitting me with Fake Ads , just like sleepy Joe . Be careful ! Drug prices will be reduced massively , and soon .
The matter that he is a very worst and he had we have a worst .	Thank you to our great American businesses for going above and beyond to keep our most vulnerable citizens safe !
This is all of a gives a heavy makes a thing .	FCC THIS IS A DISGRACE , EVEN WORSE THAN NBC USUALLY IS , WHICH IS REALLY BAD . SLEEPY EYES MUST BE FIRED !
Who comes but a place is but in the people .	So ridiculous to see Twitter trying to make the case that Mail-In Ballots are not subject to FRAUD . How stupid , there are examples , &; cases , all over the place . Our election process will become badly tainted &; a laughingstock all over the World . Tell that to your hater yoyoel
No wonder .	If people can go out and protest , riot , break into stores , and create all sorts of havoc , they can also go out and VOTE — and keep our Election Honest . With millions of mail-in ballots being sent out , who knows where they are going , and to whom ?
What , that many of her ” will be more of our people ?	My interview yesterday with IngrahamAngle
What did we have but for a great imagination that have a dead .	Democrats are “heartless” . They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money , and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China . Go for the much higher numbers , Republicans , it all comes back to the USA anyway ( one way or another ! ) .
.	Sara , the Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER 3rd . You are doing a Great job &; , together with some very well known others who got it right on Russia , Russia , Russia , should get a now very discredited Pulitzer Prize . Committee should get them back from those that got it wrong !
What is that the note of her hear the very safe .	Congressman Kevin Hern ( krhern ) is a tremendous advocate for the State of Oklahoma ! A successful businessman , he is Strong on the Wall , our Military and the Second Amendment . Kevin has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OK01
I said the people in the people in the bad news again .	Great News: BIG TEN FOOTBALL IS BACK . All teams to participate . Thank you to the players , coaches , parents , and all school representatives . Have a FANTASTIC SEASON ! It is my great honor to have helped ! ! !
When the next of the next day , if he should the day ?	“Cratered” . We have plenty of politics to go around without disrespecting our great American Flag or Anthem . I thought the NFL learned their lesson two years ago . The people will not put up with this ( again ) . Just not worth it , hard to watch !
Who is no that that they have a people from her men ’ s bed of men ’ s people ’ s men of her men ’ s men of her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s people ’ s bed .	Cryin’ Chuck never had what it takes , and never will !
The end is it is the end of her only hath the end of her only hath the matter .	15 DAYS TO SLOW THE SPREAD !
Why , that shall be his reason ?	Wow , Approval Rating in the Republican Party - 96% . Thank you !
If thou be a man ’ s never will have ’ s work to the man ’ s work of her	Great credit being given for our Coronavirus response , except in the Fake News . They are a disgrace to America !
This is my honor and our fellow ’ s wit and fell being and fell on .	. . . . . would order a new trial , I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson , I don’t know . ” Judgenap ( Andrew Napolitano ) foxandfriends
The men is the house ’ s men ’ s the world ’ s ’ s the world ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ”	Will be interviewed by JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews !
In the one I speak of her , and the more of her ” and the matter and her ”	. . . . . existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President &; the people who support him . Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury . ’ Pretty obvious he should ( get a new trial ) . I think almost any judge in the Country . . . . .
Why , on a say so .	“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury , whose also a lawyer , by the way . ‘Madam foreperson , your a lawyer , you have a duty , an affirmative obligation , to reveal to us when we selected you the . . . . .
Under a man , out of her men ’ s great place .	I was honored to be back in Georgia with a truly incredible organization—BLACK VOICES FOR TRUMP , where I announced a brand new plan to deliver more opportunity , more security , more fairness , and more prosperity to black communities . #ThePlatinumPlan
This is the word of her that should be a man !	Congressman MarkwayneMullin is a Warrior for the people of Oklahoma ! He proudly FIGHTS for our Border , Infrastructure , Second Amendment and our Brave Law Enforcement . Markwayne has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OK02
The hour before you have a bed .	On Air Force One heading to Wisconsin . Biden refused to go there to apologize for not showing up for the failed Democrat Convention . So funny to watch the Fake News fawning over Sleepy Joe’s ridiculous “car press conference” . Pathetic !
The men of all the general to the good God ’ s Not .	HAPPY GOOD FRIDAY TO ALL !
.	. . . . BUT MAYBE I STILL WILL . WITCH HUNT !
.	. . . . badly tainted and , in my opinion , should be thrown out . Even Mueller’s statement to Congress that he did not see me to become the FBI Director ( again ) , has been proven false . The whole deal was a total SCAM . If I wasn’t President , I’d be suing everyone all over the place . . .
Well , good by a good man should be a great good proud !	Tone down the language , but TRUE !
Who in the men in the people have lost the people .	Dems are trying to steal the Mike Garcia Congressional Race in California . Republicans , get out and VOTE for your terrific candidate , ASAP !
The more by her that ’ s her work .	Jim is great !
He will be a bed , Shall be a good fortune .	Congressman Tom Cole is doing an incredible job for the people of Oklahoma ! He delivers for our Military , Vets , and Brave Law Enforcement , and he will always stand for Life and the Second Amendment ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OK04
What is he that is so much a fellow .	. . . And I look at them as a bunch of well funded ANARCHISTS &; THUGS who are protected because the Comey/Mueller inspired FBI is simply unable , or unwilling , to find their funding source , and allows them to get away with “murder” . LAW &; ORDER !
The a great soldier .	The White House Press Conference will take place today at 1:00 P . M . , recognizing that it is Good Friday !
We have all the time .	These were Mueller prosecutors , and the whole Mueller investigation was illegally set up based on a phony and now fully discredited Fake Dossier , lying and forging documents to the FISA Court , and many other things . Everything having to do with this fraudulent investigation is . . .
.	. . . It cannot overcome the dedication of our doctors , nurses , and scientists — and it cannot beat the LOVE , PATRIOTISM , and DETERMINATION of our citizens . Strong and United , WE WILL PREVAIL !
.	Very exciting news for the Phoenix area—USDOT is committing $100M to valleymetro for a 5 . 5-mile light rail system with 9 new stations connecting underserved areas to churches , emergency services , and more !
I loved and Cassio was a last of Antony !	. USDOT is committing $21 . 8M for the FIRST transit project of this kind in the Tampa Bay region . It will connect St . Petersburg to popular beaches through state-of-the-art transit buses with FREE WiFi . Will be a major help to heavily populated parts of the Great State of Florida !
What ’ s the many of her ” ?	Coronavirus numbers are looking MUCH better , going down almost everywhere . Big progress being made !
A more than the note of her pains , that ’ tis a work .	Congressman FrankDLucas is working hard for Oklahoma . He strongly supports our Great Farmers , Small Businesses and Vets , and he will always fight for Life and the Second Amendment . Frank has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OK03
The matter of her that is a goodly thing of a lie .	Because the T . V . Ratings for the White House News Conference’s are the highest , the Opposition Party ( Lamestream Media ) , the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats &; , of course , the few remaining RINO’S , are doing everything in their power to disparage &; end them . The People’s Voice !
The men ’ s never , and it is it .	More than anything else , the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , like AOC , Omar , Cryin’ Chuck , Nervous Nancy &; Shifty Schiff , are angry &; “deranged” over the fact that Republicans are up to 191 Federal Judges &; Two Great New Supreme Court Justices . Don’t blame me , blame Obama !
Even the the that killed her that hath made like a ”	I want all Americans to understand: we are at war with an invisible enemy , but that enemy is no match for the spirit and resolve of the American people . . .
Who is the and that we have ’ s ’ s ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s men and her ” and ’ s men ’ s work and the time and ”	Big announcement for the State of Indiana ! $77 . 5M committed in USDOT funds for a “game-changing” transit project to provide fast and frequent service to the people of Indianapolis and Lawrence .
What , that he is much money ’ s from us ?	I’m excited to commit $100M to MiamiDadeCounty , FL in USDOT funding to connect fast-growing communities through state-of-the-art transit service ! Fast , safe , and beautiful infrastructure !
What a ” a call her her in her ”	The Crooked DNC is working overtime to take the Democrat Nomination away from Bernie , AGAIN ! Watch what happens to the Super Delegates in Round Two . A Rigged Convention !
.	OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time !
I ’ ll stay this .	Senator Jim Inhofe ( InhofeForSenate ) delivers for the State of Oklahoma ! A USA Army veteran , he fights hard for our Military , Vets , Small Businesses , and our terrific Farmers . Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #OKSEN
Remember when the same be she did .	An amazing guy . Burgess is what we need in Washington , tough and smart ! ! !
What is ’ s a man ’ s one of her ' s thought as ’ s thought to be as a ”	BIG NEWS ! The Smithsonian American History Museum reopened today in our Nation’s Capital ! Go visit amhistorymuseum and learn about our GREAT Country’s history !
.	. MayorBowser should arrest these agitators and thugs ! Clean up D . C . or the Federal Government will do it for you . Enough ! ! ! MayorBowser
As he is the sun , people in the sun .	The Invisible Enemy will soon be in full retreat !
For they are , for the men can think ’ s her men ’ s doubt , for the people ’ s men of her men can think .	Today I spoke with American physicians and nurses to thank them for their tireless work . Doctors and nurses are at the front lines of this war and are true American HEROES ! With their help , America will WIN .
.	“Trump rally gives Fox News largest Saturday night audience in its history”
I hear the of her call of her ” He was the man .	The great people of Pennsylvania want their freedom now , and they are fully aware of what that entails . The Democrats are moving slowly , all over the USA , for political purposes . They would wait until November 3rd if it were up to them . Don’t play politics . Be safe , move quickly !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I am proud to commit $60 . 9M in USDOT funding to provide a BRAND NEW bus system for a very busy and popular transit corridor in the Albany , NY area—more help coming to the people of New York ! CDTA
.	Indiana is set to receive $100M in USDOT transit funds for the southshoreline to connect people to jobs around the State and the Chicago-area and help cut down on traffic . GovHolcomb has worked very hard on this project !
I am very much that gave him .	. . . . THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS !
Why , the next man is the next dear ’ s the next man ’ s the next man .	. . . . I have seen some of the regulations being circulated , including those being contemplated by Congress , and they are ridiculous . I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States , not difficult . Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed , with no excuses . . .
The life of a good eyes , ’ s eyes , ’ s see the king .	I was thrilled to be back in WISCONSIN tonight with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots ! 47 days from now , we are going to win Wisconsin , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House ! #MAGA
A more be come to her again .	Governor Andrew Cuomo of New York wants to put New York at the END of the Vaccine List in that he doesn’t trust the FDA or Federal Government , even though the Vaccines are being developed by the finest Labs in the World . Wish he trusted us on Nursing Homes !
.	. . . . product and goods to China and other countries . That’s what trade is all about . We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us . That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else . As an example , I want China to buy our jet engines , the best in the World . . . .
The matter to the children is the cause of the cause .	Thank you HerschelWalker !
Call forth the day without more day .	The United States cannot , &; will not , become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product , including for the always used National Security excuse , that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive . We want to sell . . .
The of the men in her men ’ s ’ s her ”	Great !
The matter are a work to her and why and why are it .	Ogden , Utah , I am committing $64 . 5M to build bus service between Weber State University and McKay-Dee Hospital—very important services for Utahans ! RideUTA
What ’ s a speak of a more to speak ’ s ' ll speak of the matter to a thing ’ s one of a speak of a speak of a ” to a thing ’ s bed at a ”	. USDOT is committing $99 . 95M to PGHtransit in Pennsylvania to connect Pittsburghers to their two largest commercial employment centers through safe , quick transit service . Great things coming to a great State !
The matter is not a hope , as a hope is not a man ’ s a work .	MAX Red line in Oregon is set to receive $99 . 99M in USDOT funds to reduce delays in the Portland area , connect citizens to very important locations , and make transit GREAT ! trimet
What that I wonder .	. . . to America – NOT CHINA . Because if we win , AMERICA WINS . We built the greatest economy in the history of the world , and now we are doing it again !
.	If Biden Wins , CHINA WINS . If Biden Wins , the mob WINS . If Biden Wins , the rioters , anarchists , arsonists , and flag-burners WIN . I am running for re-election to bring jobs and factories back to Wisconsin , to put violent criminals behind bars , and to ensure the future belongs . . .
.	. WashTimes “FBI Went Rogue In Pursuit Of Trump”
The fault of the fault ’ s a more ’ s her .	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
Call it with her that .	I only signed the Defense Production Act to combat the Chinese Virus should we need to invoke it in a worst case scenario in the future . Hopefully there will be no need , but we are all in this TOGETHER !
My lord , those and her men are them to make them .	. . . . THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS !
Why , that a one that is other people may be a other of her that is ’ s men that ’ s men that ’ s one of her that ’ s men that ’ s men that ’ s work .	I’m proud to commit $40 . 9M in USDOT funding to Milwaukee’s East-West Bus Rapid Transit project . Bringing modern transit to the region’s most critical corridor and spur millions in economic development . Love Wisconsin ! RideMCTS
But three till the new of her ' s ' s chamber .	The nytimes is a very corrupt and dishonest media outlet that suffers TDS at a level rarely seen . They will lose any remaining credibility on the evening of November 3rd .
.	Congressman Hal Rogers is doing a tremendous job for the people of Kentucky ! He is Strong on the Border , Life and always Protects your Second Amendment . Hal has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KY05
The many of her wonder .	. . . dollar tax hike , ban American Energy , confiscate your guns , shutdown the economy , destroy the suburbs , erase your borders , and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies .
We have to be a times with us .	At no time before has there been a clearer choice between two parties , two visions , two philosophies , &; two agendas for the future . On November 3rd , Wisconsin will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Joe Biden to impose a $4 trillion . . .
Faith , a one that ’ s the thing .	A great Scam against our Country !
.	. . . . I have seen some of the regulations being circulated , including those being contemplated by Congress , and they are ridiculous . I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States , not difficult . Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed , with no excuses . . .
Why , for a dream .	“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury , whose also a lawyer , by the way . ‘Madam foreperson , you’re a lawyer , you have a duty , an affirmative obligation , to reveal to us when we selected you the . . . .
The more ’ s a more ’ s of the other .	Joe Biden called police “The Enemy , ” and vilified them as a racist , oppressive force . The rhetoric of Joe Biden and the Radical Left puts our Great Law Enforcement in danger .
Who is but where ’ s work in the work of the matter .	Could somebody please explain to reporter Doug Mckelway of FoxNews that the Border Wall has long been under construction , the battle ( war ) is won , the Dems have FINALLY given in . In fact , I will be in Arizona tomorrow to celebrate the 212th plus mile of completion . BretBaier
Why , on a say so ?	READ THE TRANSCRIPTS !
The men are the men of his own hath his own only hath his own only himself with him , and his own soldier ’ s eyes of his own him are a work with him are with him are a	. . . . THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS !
Call it you to be “ “ ”	. . . . I have seen some of the regulations being circulated , including those being contemplated by Congress , and they are ridiculous . I want to make it EASY to do business with the United States , not difficult . Everyone in my Administration is being so instructed , with no excuses . . .
.	Nobody wants to say that if Elizabeth Warren gets out of the race before Super Tuesday , Crazy Bernie Sanders wins virtually every state in a blowout . . . NOT EVEN CLOSE ! I haven’t heard one member of the Fake News Establishment even mention this irrefutable fact . FAKE NEWS !
The time I work , her work , my work .	Never forget , they are coming after ME , because I am fighting for YOU !
The many of death , and that they are like a thing like a good people !	Rather hard to believe that FoxNews didn’t know that the Border Wall is well under construction , fully financed , &; already over 200 miles long ? Will soon be finished ! They just reported that “it is something that Dems are unlikely to budge on in this election year” . BretBaier
I said , and that will say , and some form in the form of the form .	. . . . product and goods to China and other countries . That’s what trade is all about . We don’t want to make it impossible to do business with us . That will only mean that orders will go to someplace else . As an example , I want China to buy our jet engines , the best in the World . . . .
What a great one ’ s great that I would be well .	We are going to WIN , sooner rather than later !
I hold the Moor of his head and see the behold at the Moor .	WOW ! The Trump Rally gives FoxNews the “LARGEST SATURDAY NIGHT AUDIENCE IN ITS HUSTORY” . Isn’t it amazing that virtually nobody in the Lamestream Media is reporting this rather major feat !
Who but one that hath a name of his name .	The United States cannot , &; will not , become such a difficult place to deal with in terms of foreign countries buying our product , including for the always used National Security excuse , that our companies will be forced to leave in order to remain competitive . We want to sell . . .
What ’ s a man like a great men ’ s ’ s one of a man ’ s bed and a great men are a work of a work of a	Because it was OBAMAGATE , and he and Sleepy Joe led the charge . The most corrupt administration in USA history !
A great a great him and a great me and a great me and a great great great him and a great a great me and a great of a	. . . China as a “positive development” for America and the world . If it were up to Joe , bin Laden and Soleimani would still be alive , ISIS would be still on the rampage , and China would now be the dominant power in the world – not America .
Who more yet for the work of her daughter or ?	America’s Private Sector is stepping up to help us be STRONG ! Many of the Nation’s distillers , large and small , are producing and donating hand sanitizer to help fight #COVID19 . THANK YOU !
True !	No one has been more wrong , more often than Biden . He voted FOR the Iraq War , he supported the defense sequester that gutted our military , he opposed the mission to take out Osama bin Laden , he opposed killing Soleimani , he oversaw the rise of ISIS , and he cheered the rise of . . .
What ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand ' s a man ’ s a more a a bed .	A three year HOAX . A failed COUP !
What ’ s a more of her ' end ?	The Do Nothing Democrats just keep repeating and repeating , over and over again , the same old “stuff” on the Impeachment Hoax . They want to use up ALL of their time , even though it is the wrong thing to do . They ought to go back to work for our great American people !
.	SOCIAL DISTANCING !
What is a glad that no more than a fellow is .	A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities , great jobs , and a limitless future for ALL Americans . Instead of letting Washington change us , despite all that we have been through , we are changing Washington !
Faith , sir , to the last !	A really wonderful book . Buy it and enjoy !
Give her her her that ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed and her ”	. . . . . existence of these tweets in which you were so harshly negative about the President &; the people who support him . Don’t you think we wanted to know that before we put you on this jury . ’ Pretty obvious he should ( get a new trial ) . I think almost any judge in the Country . . . . .
This day I am as a man for the her that will be so .	. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is today criticizing Twitter . “We have a different policy than Twitter on this . I believe strongly that Facebook shouldn’t be the arbiter of truth of everything that people say online . ” Did Twitter criticize Obama for his “you can keep your Dr . ” ?
This is the day of her ” ’ s a man !	. . . . . would order a new trial , I’m not so sure about Judge Jackson , I don’t know . ” Judgenap ( Andrew Napolitano ) foxandfriends
The way and not the way of her will be .	I will NEVER let you down !
Call ’ s more then ’ s more ’ s .	MAIL-IN VOTING WILL LEAD TO MASSIVE FRAUD AND ABUSE . IT WILL ALSO LEAD TO THE END OF OUR GREAT REPUBLICAN PARTY . WE CAN NEVER LET THIS TRAGEDY BEFALL OUR NATION . BIG MAIL-IN VICTORY IN TEXAS COURT TODAY . CONGRATS ! ! !
Who be on her ” “ Call her ”	THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE . Sadly , our Lamestream Media is TOTALLY CORRUPT !
Let my her think to see the other of the other men ’ s might have had the other of her again To see ’ s bed And have a ” To see the people did see the people did make her again to work of her to her	#MarchForLife
.	THANK YOU ! #MAGA #KAG2020
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	Pelosi wants to take 30 Billion Dollars away from our great Farmers . Can’t let that happen !
All the last of the last of their people .	“Trump did a deal with Japan . A lot of our product goes to Japan , and we are booming in North Dakota . ” Jim on C Span , Washington Journal . Our Trade Deals will be having a big impact on our Country as they kick in !
.	Why was BarackObama selling guns to Mexican drug dealers ?
.	Mini Mike Bloomberg , after making a total fool of himself as he got badly beaten up by Pocahontas and the Democrats in the Primaries , is at it again . He tried to buy an Election and went away with a major case of Depression . Now he’s throwing money at the Dems , looking for a job !
Look you , sir , ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s full of the tale , sir , you are a tale of her men of her ”	“Judge Jackson now has a request for a new trial based on the unambiguous &; self outed bias of the foreperson of the jury , whose also a lawyer , by the way . ‘Madam foreperson , you’re a lawyer , you have a duty , an affirmative obligation , to reveal to us when we selected you the . . . .
Call it up .	China has been working very hard to contain the Coronavirus . The United States greatly appreciates their efforts and transparency . It will all work out well . In particular , on behalf of the American People , I want to thank President Xi !
What ’ s a man ’ s a man ’ tis a man .	Great !
The time is his offer to the state of his suit .	I can’t stand back &; watch this happen to a great American City , Minneapolis . A total lack of leadership . Either the very weak Radical Left Mayor , Jacob Frey , get his act together and bring the City under control , or I will send in the National Guard &; get the job done right . . . . .
Who in my lord , Who in the people ’ s the matter , sir , for the matter , sir , for the people with her ”	After consultation with our Great Military Leaders , designers , and others , I am pleased to present the new logo for the United States Space Force , the Sixth Branch of our Magnificent Military !
I did walk a play .	. . . . economy was shuttered . This is unprecedented , it is unsettling and challenging but , we will rise to meet the occasion . ” MACK MCLARTY , Clinton White House Chief of Staff . LelandVittert FoxNews Thank you Mack . We will be bigger , better and stronger than ever before !
Call her her , All that All ’ s Cassio .	“I think the situation is unprecedented , and there is no question about that . It’s whiplash ! The economy was moving forward at a rapid pace in terms of growth , jobs and even wage increases , and all of a sudden the pandemic hit and the . . . .
Who , a friend of mine , that was my lord , in a horse .	. . . And this despite Fake Witch Hunts , the Mueller Scam , the Impeachment Hoax etc . With our Economy , Jobs , Military , Vets , 2A &; more , I would be at 70% . Oh well , what can you do ?
Who is the great marriage is to the day , It is an ass , put it .	Congressman Jeff Fortenberry ( SupportFortNE ) is a great advocate for Nebraska . He fights for Farmers , Small Businesses and our incredible Vets and Military . Jeff has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NE01
Faith , a men to the us the state is the matter .	Congressman DonJBacon is doing a tremendous job for Nebraska ! He served our Country as an Air Force General , and now he serves our Vets , Farmers , and Small Businesses . Strongly supports the Second Amendment . Don has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #NE02
Make it to your lord of this ’ s her ”	Biden FAILED BADLY with the Swine Flu . It was the Gang That Couldn’t Shoot Straight” . He didn’t have a clue . We have done an incredible job with the much tougher China Virus !
Call her a fair and ’ s bed .	Twitter is doing nothing about all of the lies &; propaganda being put out by China or the Radical Left Democrat Party . They have targeted Republicans , Conservatives &; the President of the United States . Section 230 should be revoked by Congress . Until then , it will be regulated !
What 's the fair and thou art thou !	The Obama Administration was not out to get the facts , they were out to “get Trump” . Ken Starr . . . And got caught red handed - All of them . “Trump was right” , they said !
Now ’ s a more than a friend ’ s ’ s ’ s a more than a ”	I brought back Cars &; Jobs . Will do it again for Michigan , &; everywhere else ! ! !
.	Thank you my friend . America loves India !
What ’ s a say how to her ”	When the Failing nytimes or Amazon washingtonpost writes a story saying “unnamed sources said” , or any such phrase where a person’s name is not used , don’t believe them . Most of these unnamed sources don’t exist . They are made up to defame &; disparage . They have no “source” . . .
Good my lord to her ” to her from her ”	Congressman Adrian Smith is a strong fighter for Nebraska . He fights for your Second Amendment , defends our Borders , strengthens our Military and loves our Vets ! Adrian has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NE03
The men ’ s men should take their country should take their country .	The China Trade Deal is fully intact . Hopefully they will continue to live up to the terms of the Agreement !
.	“The President has been targeted by Twitter . ” MariaBartiromo What about all of the lies and fraudulent statements made by Adam Schiff , and so many others , on the Russian Witch Hunt Plus , Plus , Plus ? What about China’s propaganda ? WHO’s mistakes ? No flags ? foxandfriends
What ’ s own man or else ’ s a more ’ s ’ s own part of your own part of the more ’ s ’ s a man ’ s a dear again .	THANK YOU VIRGINIA ! #MAGA
The the Moor .	. FoxNews is not watchable during weekend afternoons . It is worse than Fake News CNN . I strongly suggest turning your dial to OANN . They do a really “Fair &; Balanced” job !
Who ’ s a “ Who is great a great great fellow and a great fellow .	On National POW/MIA Recognition Day , The FLOTUS and I honor the men &; women of our Armed Forces who have selflessly served our Country &; made tremendous sacrifices to defend our liberty . Our Nation remains committed to accounting for all missing Americans .
In the reason ” I ’ s wit in the matter that he ’ s one ’ s ’ s the matter call him on the work of her ”	. . . . Does anyone ever notice how few quotes from an actual person are given nowadays by the Lamestream Media . Very seldom . The unnamed or anonymous sources are almost always FAKE NEWS .
The other of her that have a play of her part .	THANK YOU ! #ThankATrucker
The state is no state hard .	So terrible !
The fast of all of her friends , Which hath did run for the man .	The Mayor’s efforts to shield illegal aliens endangers the lives of the public and law enforcement who have to go into the field to apprehend those released . He shouldn’t be urging illegals to beat the system , he should be urging them to safely turn themselves in !
The matter upon the court of his enemies ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' enemies ’ s enemies , and the court of the morning ' th ' th ' enemies ' th ' enemies ' enemies ’ s own court of their enemies	It was my honor to welcome our nation’s Mayors to the WhiteHouse as we continue to strengthen the bonds of cooperation between federal and local governments so that we can deliver great jobs , excellent schools , affordable healthcare , and safe communities for all of our people !
The better of him .	“Change Hearts Not Stones . There is no end to historical purification . ” Great historian Doug Wead
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her not ”	“Regulate Twitter if they are going to start regulating free speech . ” JudgeJeanine foxandfriends Well , as they have just proven conclusively , that’s what they are doing . Repeal Section 230 ! ! !
The best your best are the wrong of her men .	Happy Birthday to our GREAT USAirforce ! #USAF73
What ’ s death and the bond in the pass with her .	WE WILL BUILD IT AGAIN !
What ’ s a man ’ s one that the night ?	THANK YOU to our Police Officers , Fire Fighters , and EMS who help us defeat the Virus every day . Our proud nation is grateful for the unwavering dedication and sacrifice of our First Responders and their families . TOGETHER we will beat this !
Who is born in the man ’ s man in his people ' em in his purpose That ’ s his men of his reason in his men ’ s his men are that hath ’ s ' em are that ’ s times hath his work in him are	Chris Jacobs will be a great Congressman who will always fight for the people of New York . He supports our #MAGA Agenda , will continue to Secure Our Border , Loves our Military , Vets , and is Strong on the #2A . Chris has my Complete Endorsement for the Special Election on 4/28 !
Must be a man in her men could have could be a man in the matter of her ’ s eyes of her men of her be a bed	. . . I’m playing for your guns , and I’m playing for your values . For all the Federal Employees in Virginia , remember , it was me that got you the Federal Pay Raises , not Sleepy Joe Biden . I’ll be having a Big Rally in Virginia , to be announced soon !
What be on the morning ’ s a soldier .	Looks what’s going on here . Where are the protesters ? Was this man arrested ?
I am he with his reason , but the truth will come out .	Voting starts in Virginia TODAY , and we are going to WIN . You have a crazy Governor who wants to take away your guns , which he will do without me in office . He is in favor of executing babies after birth - this isn’t late-term abortion , this is a step way beyond ! Vote for me . . .
.	Based on the strong recommendation of SenDanSullivan and repdonyoung of the Great State of Alaska , it is my honor to inform you that I will be issuing a Presidential Permit for the A2A Cross-Border Rail between Alaska &; Canada . Congratulations to the people of Alaska &; Canada !
In the thing he said that he ’ s men ’ s but the thing he ’ s peace .	CHINA !
Great the new “ Who hath of her ?	Wishing all a safe and blessed Easter Sunday . I will be tuning into Pastor robertjeffress at Church in Dallas , Texas tomorrow morning at 10:20 AM Eastern .
Why , a man without a more than a show of a show of her again .	. . . . . Mini is illegally buying the Democrat Nomination . They are taking it away from Bernie again . Mini Mike , Major Party Nominations are not for sale ! Good luck in the debate tomorrow night and remember , no standing on boxes !
Who with a foul and my soul of the day of the day ’ s day of her ' s the day with her father with her	“If carefully done , according to the guidelines , there is no reason why you shouldn’t be able to do that ( vote at polling place ) . ” Doctor Anthony Fauci
The many times many times before their death .	Numerous people arrested in D . C . for the disgraceful vandalism , in Lafayette Park , of the magnificent Statue of Andrew Jackson , in addition to the exterior defacing of St . John’s Church across the street . 10 years in prison under the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act . Beware !
The new men of her never say , Not a Nothing in the other .	Fill out your information and get everything you need to cast your #VOTE . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Good my French to her ” !	Michael knows ! ! !
Who is a great report of the great report As ’ s great men As ’ s great his work of a great men ’ s work of his work of her to his men As ’ s work of her report of his work .	Great editorial by SenRonJohnson !
Who did never be called him to his son in his son ?	The National Guard has been activated In Minneapolis . They have arrived on the seen . George Floyd will not have died in vain . Respect his memory ! ! !
Call you her that have a health , not ’ s a ”	What Mini Mike is doing is nothing less than a large scale illegal campaign contribution . He is “spreading” money all over the place , only to have recipients of his cash payments , many former opponents , happily joining or supporting his campaign . Isn’t that called a payoff ? . . . . .
Faith , that the men should make a hate the thing for his love of his wit and his people have his people in his love ’ s love her men of her sleep for the thing for his love her love ’ s love of his love	Tom Tiffany ( TomTiffanyWI ) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin ( WI07 ) . We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again ! He will Fight for Small Business , supports our Incredible Farmers , Loves our Military and our Vets . . . .
When we will see her ?	. . . . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and Second Amendment . Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin , is a big Tax Cutter , and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Vote for Tom Tiffany !
.	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
My lord of her and more than the more in her ”	Interesting guy . “Bolton is really dumb” . True , and he broke the law !
I hope that now I hope of her , that the time of her .	. . . And this despite Fake Witch Hunts , the Mueller Scam , the Impeachment Hoax etc . With our Economy , Jobs , Military , Vets , 2A &; more , I would be at 70% . Oh well , what can you do ?
.	“The President and the Federal Government are doing an excellent job . When they say the death toll isn’t going to be as high as reported , they ( the opposition ) act like they’re sad because it’s lower . I think they are ( Press Conferences ) wonderful . ” West Virginia Resident , C Span
If such a man had a doubt that he should show of it ?	Thank you James !
The men of the wars is two of the enemy .	Vote MikeGarcia2020 by May 12th ! His opponent ChristyforCA25 voted to fire teachers , and cut their salaries while bumping up her pay . Now she’s mocking our Great Vets ! We need Navy Fighter Pilot Mike Garcia in #CA25 !
I hope ’ s a more than a more than a more .	The National Guard has arrived on the scene . They are in Minneapolis and fully prepared . George Floyd will not have died in vain . Respect his memory ! ! !
The more ’ s a ” should be a man .	Nick Freitas ( NickForVA ) will be an incredible Congressman for the people of Virginia . A Green Beret Combat Veteran , he is Strong on the Military &; Vets , the Economy , Healthcare , and the Second Amendment . Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #VA07
.	See , Bolton broke the law . Classified Information !
Think of our country ’ s country ’ s men .	A really big show tonight by seanhannity 9:00 P . M . FoxNews Heavy emphasis on the Impeachment Hoax . The Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats have gone crazy . They know it’s a con , but just can’t sell it ! Public strongly against Impeachment .
Who is a sister in her men ’ s soul !	Watching FoxNews on weekend afternoons is a total waste of time . We now have some great alternatives , like OANN .
Now , more in her never say , Who is this fellow ?	Thank you Franklin !
Call it up the new “ “ “ good ”	REVOKE 230 !
Great her in the her ” Who ’ s her ”	THANK YOU ! #MAGA #KAG2020
The world in the players should we hope to be the house .	. ScottTaylorVA is a fighter for Virginia , and we need him back in Congress ! He served our Country as a Navy SEAL , and he is Strong on the Border , Military , and the Second Amendment . Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #VA02
True , and the matter ?	Bob Good ( GoodForCongress ) will be a terrific Congressman for Virginia ! He is strong on the Economy , Law Enforcement , Life and our brave Military &; Vets , and he will always protect your Second Amendment . Bob has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #VA05
Let an eye of her never be o ' art to be .	I will be watching . HAVE A GREAT EASTER !
What there is a man !	So now the Fake News nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe , NOT China . This is a first ! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one ? Are there any NAMED sources ? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs , and obviously want back in . Sad !
A most like a most most most most most most most well .	. . . . It was spoken as a fact , not as a statement . It’s very simple , nobody should have any problem with this other than the haters , and those looking to cause trouble on social media . Honor the memory of George Floyd !
The that come in that shall be of that we will be so .	Looting leads to shooting , and that’s why a man was shot and killed in Minneapolis on Wednesday night - or look at what just happened in Louisville with 7 people shot . I don’t want this to happen , and that’s what the expression put out last night means . . . .
Who must never be too much .	Mini Mike . No , I would rather run against you !
But , I do fear , that I possible , and possible , and that I will be a play .	Michelle FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota . Michelle will protect the unborn , is Strong on Crime &; Borders , Cutting Taxes , your #2A , Loves our Military , Vets , &; will stand w/ our Great Farmers . Michelle has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
Who is ’ s the shall be against the people ’ s never ’ s ’ ll never will be gone .	Congressman PeteStauber fights for the hard-working people of Northeastern Minnesota ! A former professional hockey player , Pete knows how to win . He stands for Law Enforcement , Small Business and our Vets . Pete has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN08
Great was the sister for her sister is but in her sister ’ s sister .	I hope the Federal Judges Association will discuss the tremendous FISA Court abuse that has taken place with respect to the Mueller Investigation Scam , including the forging of documents and knowingly using the fake and totally discredited Dossier before the Court . Thank you !
The more of her will be seen by her bones under her bones of her bones under her friends , Which will be alive shall be alive of her friends of her friends of her friends with her friends , and be alive with her friends .	So now the Fake News nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe , NOT China . This is a first ! I wonder where the Failing New York Times got for this one ? Are there any NAMED sources ? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs , and obviously want back in . Sad !
Why , that ’ s never am hath found that ’ s ship That ’ s lost them have found In such a lie in his ship of her chamber ?	Washed up Creepster John Bolton is a lowlife who should be in jail , money seized , for disseminating , for profit , highly Classified information . Remember what they did to the young submarine sailor , but did nothing to Crooked Hillary . I ended up pardoning him - It wasn’t fair !
Good to be but marry her that ’ s dead .	Congressman Jim Hagedorn ( JimHagedornMN ) is an incredible advocate for Minnesota ! He fights for our Farmers , Vets and Small Businesses , and he strongly defends your Second Amendment ! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN01
Who is the lord of the state is now .	Tyler Kistner ( KistnerCongress ) will be an incredible Congressman for Minnesota . A Marine Special Forces Veteran , he is Strong on National Security , the Economy , Law Enforcement &; our America First agenda . Tyler has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #MN02
What ’ s men ’ s bed , ’ s ’ s ’ s the murder .	Governor GavinNewsom of California has been very nice &; highly supportive about the great job we have done , working together , for California . That is the good news , but this is the bad . He is unfairly under attack by the Radical Left Dems , MSDNC etc . He is strong ! Will he fold ?
Why , the matter , Who ’ s her in the matter .	OBAMAGATE !
What ’ s the wind that have a wind on the sun ’ s horse , the sun ’ s horse of the wind of the wind of her be a bear a bear the wind of her men have a bear the wind of her	. . . . . This action is taken effective immediately , but may also be used retroactively for destruction or vandalism already caused . There will be no exceptions !
A hot from her ” and her men ’ s ’ s ’ s the moon and the greatest sun ’ s of her again and her ”	I have authorized the Federal Government to arrest anyone who vandalizes or destroys any monument , statue or other such Federal property in the USA with up to 10 years in prison , per the Veteran’s Memorial Preservation Act , or such other laws that may be pertinent . . . . .
What , ’ s a men hath a work and bring ’ s horse to be a work .	. . . Jason worked with me to save Minneapolis along with your great National Guard after your local political leaders failed to do so . Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MNSEN
Why , the matter on her ”	So now the Fake News nytimes is tracing the CoronaVirus origins back to Europe , NOT China . This is a first ! I wonder what the Failing New York Times got for this one ? Are there any NAMED sources ? They were recently thrown out of China like dogs , and obviously want back in . Sad !
A more her ?	. . . And this despite Fake Witch Hunts , the Mueller Scam , the Impeachment Hoax etc . With our Economy , Jobs , Military , Vets , 2A &; more , I would be at 70% . Oh well , what can you do ?
The matter is the justice of the world was of the world .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA #KAG2020
The had a took in her that had rather in her own company .	. . . . In a certain way , our tremendous Testing success gives the Fake News Media all they want , CASES . In the meantime , Deaths and the all important Mortality Rate goes down . You don’t hear about that from the Fake News , and you never will . Anybody need any Ventilators ? ? ?
What is a great matter in the thing , The last the last of the last .	Cases , Cases , Cases ! If we didn’t test so much and so successfully , we would have very few cases . If you test 40 , 000 , 000 people , you are going to have many cases that , without the testing ( like other countries ) , would not show up every night on the Fake Evening News . . . . .
I look forth with the matter with her that he ’ s man .	THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA !
The day should be sure , the day now we will .	Cases are going up in the USA because we are testing far more than any other country , and ever expanding . With smaller testing we would show fewer cases !
Who hath the people will not his French men of her men ’ s men ’ s work at the men of men are not of her of men of her men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of men ’ s work ,	Jason Lewis ( LewisForMN ) will be an incredible Senator for the State of Minnesota ! He is a proven leader who will help us Lower your Taxes , Protect our Communities and Defend your Second Amendment…
Who was there yet another Caesar ’ s great great great soldier .	Will be interviewed by JudgeJeanine tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews !
.	Interestingly !
The thought no love of our people ’ s an heavy to the body .	In just 3 and a half years , we have secured America’s Borders , rebuilt the awesome power of the USA Military , obliterated the ISIS caliphate , fixed our disastrous Trade Deals , and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to PENNSYLVANIA ! #MAGA
Why , on a say , and her men .	. . . Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue , just look at what his own people said about his handling of the Swine Flu . It was a disaster !
A dinner with a dinner and that in York ’ s ” and that ’ s one that ’ s one of her be a York !	Sleepy Joe Biden just said that he wished I closed up one week earlier — but when I banned China from coming in , it took him TWO MONTHS to finally realize that was a good thing . . .
The best that best for those that make the best of the best of men ’ s work .	Moving along nicely . MAGA !
In some one ’ s very sad .	Check out seanhannity now on FoxNews . Big tonight !
Let this be the wind to the wind of bad wind and the wind are the wind of the wind and make a wind of their earth see the wind of the wind of the wind of the wind are their earth are the wind are bad wind are	Mail in ballots substantially increases the risk of crime and VOTER FRAUD !
The day of my own French is to be our country and to be great .	. . . . Dr . Anthony Fauci , who is with us in all ways , a very high 72% Approval Rating . So , if he is in charge along with V . P . etc . , and with us doing all of these really good things , why doesn’t the Lamestream Media treat us as they should ? Answer: Because they are Fake News !
What will we be like the matter that we do with what we have ’ s men of her ”	We did a great job on CoronaVirus , including the very early ban on China , Ventilator production , and Testing , which is by far the most , and best , in the World . We saved millions of USA lives . ! Yet the Fake News refuses to acknowledge this in a positive way . But they do give . . . .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	Congratulations to Eddie DeBartolo Jr . and your wonderful family of friends !
The men of her think , ’ s men ’ s her ”	Happy #RoshHashanah
My lord , her men ’ s name , and have no more than the man .	Together , we are taking back our Country . We are returning power to YOU , the American People . With your help , your devotion , &; your drive , we are going to keep on working , we are going to keep on fighting , &; we are going to keep ON WINNING ! Get out &; VOTE !
Why , a virtue of a virtue , and his office .	. DNI_Ratcliffe on MariaBartiromo this morning . FoxNews
Do you be the present of her ' th ' people in her work .	There must be JUSTICE . This can never happen to a President , or our Country , again !
Who ’ ll be the more ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter at the matter ’ s ll be the matter at the thing ’ s men ’ s a ”	On my way to the Great State of Minnesota . See you soon ! #MAGA
Who hath the our men ’ s men should have should have their bond .	For years you had a President who apologized for America - now you have a President who is standing up for America , and standing up for Pennsylvania . So get your friends , get your family , get your neighbors &; co-workers , and GET OUT &; VOTE ! Early voting has already begun — VOTE !
Thanks to a woman , a woman ’ s great her than the woman was of the great .	Hogan Gidley will be leaving the White House on July 1 and heading over to my campaign to be the National Press Secretary . He is a strong , loyal and trusted member of the team that I know will do an outstanding job ! We must WIN this election ! Follow him at JHoganGidley .
Fair and in his sister as the dearest soldier to them .	LAW &; ORDER ! ! !
The bad of him out of her ' way , ' way .	toddjoldbull It's a great hotel and city , glad you enjoyed it .
Who knows that when he can be , and he cannot be , and he cannot be dead .	Law and Order . If NYCMayor can’t do it , we will !
Take a more of this the wonder of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Time for a change ! #2020
.	Will be landing in Minnesota shortly where early VOTING has begun , and Absentee Ballots ( information below ) are now being sent out . Wish I could vote there , but I’ll have to rely on you ! #Vote #TrumpPence2020
The new “ Call her bed is the Help !	We broke them up last night , fast . Numerous are , and will be , in prison !
.	Cryin’Chuck doesn’t have a clue . Couldn’t care less about the American Worker !
My lord .	Cases up only because of our big number testing . Mortality rate way down ! ! !
Now that ’ s own men ’ s see how they are well , like a more .	Joe Biden says this is a race between Scranton and Park Avenue . This is a race between Scranton and China . Joe Biden betrayed Scranton , and America , to China and foreign countries . I will always put America First !
Faith , sir , to the time was he was a horse .	. . . . won’t convict and remove the President - Then the House should not be Impeaching the President in the first place . If this is the new standard , every President from here on out is impeachable . ” Andy McCarthy FoxNews So well stated . Thank you !
What , and those that win the world that they may be of these men can be her .	In the end here , nothing happened . We don’t approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary before a President should be removed from office . I believe that a President can’t be removed from office if there is no reasonable possibility that the Senate . .
Who ’ s the two of her ' s ’ s ' s ’ s ’ s the matter at the matter ’ s one of her come !	“The evidence has to be overwhelming , and it is not . It’s not even close . ” Ken Starr , Former Independent Counsel
I had so so in the people have a Who in her ” for her men ’ s her ” for her that the people have a ” Who in her men in her	Will go down in history as worst Speaker . Already thrown out once !
Give her her live tonight the people be at her !	Thank you !
I am in her men in the people live at her live at the hours .	“Impeachment is a terrible idea for the Country . The more people learn about impeachment , the less people want impeachment . ” TuckerCarlson
The second father ’ s a great men ’ s service .	“This is all about convicting a President based on innuendo , not on the facts . Even the Ukrainian President said there was no pressure ! ” RepMarkMeadows
What , and those that win the world that they may be of these men can be her .	Thank you !
Now the her that is ’ s a more of her .	Thank you !
Now , and tell him that he will have his reason in his reason to his reason	Sean P is a much stronger candidate !
Call it her again , her her work .	Sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job . Has my total and complete endorsement !
The people ’ s a work with her daughter in the hours of York in York ’ s York , Who ’ s ”	. . . . out , and he’s been amazing at it . The Democrsts have no message , they have no hope for 2020 . ” RepDougCollins foxandfriends Thank you Doug !
Look in the man in her times ” for the people will be the better for the matter .	. . . . had , while the Democrats are just looking out for elections . This President should just continue to fight like he’s always fought , for himself & , for this Country . Continue to put forth policies like prescription drugs & , trade policies . That’s what makes this President stand . .
I thank you for a very very very good for a very good a very good of a very much for a very of a very a very great a very a very a very good for a very good for a very good	. . . . said , “I’m going to clean up Washington , I’m going to help people . ” He gave big tax cuts , he’s made our military strong . They’re mad at him because he actually did what he said he was going to do . History will record we’re experiencing some of the best times we’ve ever . . . . .
The years was never a fan of her sister .	“It’s sad . Here’s a gentleman who came to the White House and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath . All they wanted to do is impeach him . They started the day after he was elected , even the day after he was sworn in . But this President came to Washington and . . . .
Why , on a say that is a wit .	“They just wanted to get at the President . They had no intention of having a proper investigation . They couldn’t find any crimes so they did a vague abuse of power and abuse of Congress , which every administration from the beginning has done . ” RepDougCollins foxandfriends
Why , if it be in the other of it is the other of the office ?	Can you believe that I will be impeached today by the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , AND I DID NOTHING WRONG ! A terrible Thing . Read the Transcripts . This should never happen to another President again . Say a PRAYER !
The more is but the reason to her down .	. foxandfriends “My hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again . ” kilmeade Well said Brian !
Is that any that that have not write of the man ?	. marcthiessen “Voters say the Democrats are trying to take away their votes . Pelosi was right the first time . Impeachment has backfired thoroughly on the Democrats . How can you Impeach the President for going to the courts ? ”
What with her ” and her her ” and the matter and the matter with ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter and the matter and her ” and her	. . . . They want to Impeach me ( I’m not worried ! ) , and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways . How can they do that and yet impeach a very successful ( Economy Plus ) President of the United States , who has done nothing wrong ? These people are Crazy !
What ’ s would be as a drop of the did ?	So , if Comey & , the top people in the FBI were dirty cops and cheated on the FISA Court , wouldn’t all of these phony cases have to be overturned or dismissed ? They went after me with the Fake Dossier , paid for by Crooked Hillary & , the DNC , which they illegally presented to FISA . . .
So say he that ’ s her ” Where ’ s ' t , “ call it .	Good marks and reviews on the letter I sent to Pelosi today . She is the worst ! No wonder with people like her and Cryin’ Chuck Schumer , D . C . has been such a mess for so long - and that includes the previous administration who ( and now we know for sure ) SPIED on my campaign .
The last night was a last night .	Democrat “leadership , ” despite their denials , are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this ridiculous Impeachment . If they vote yes , it will be much easier for Republicans to win in 2020 !
What should be better than dinner , and the better dinner ?	Wow ! “In a stunning rebuke of the FBI , the FISA court severly chastised the FBI for the FISA abuses brought to light in the recent Inspector General’s Report . There were at least 17 significant errors . ” FoxNews Statement by the Court was long and tough . Means my case was a SCAM !
Who was a great a dog of a dog , by the good man .	Senator Dan Sullivan is doing a great job for the people of Alaska while supporting our #MAGA Agenda . He fights hard everyday to support our Veterans and the Military . Dan is Strong on the #2A and is 100% pro-jobs . I give Dan Sullivan my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Go to the one that ’ s had he had the country ’ s country ’ s country .	. Buddy_Carter is a BUSINESSMAN first . He takes care of our Vets and Troops and is leading the fight to SLASH drug prices ! Buddy's 100% pro-Wall & , 100% pro-jobs . He will KEEP AMERICA GREAT and has my total , Strong Endorsement !
The house is to the sea .	Congressman Denver4VA Riggleman is a true CONSERVATIVE leader who has done a great job for Virginia and will support our #MAGA Agenda . He defends our right to bear arms , protect our Borders & , help small businesses . Denver has my Total Endorsement !
Why , a little thing that makes a little .	Congressman MarkwayneMullin is a big time #MAGA supporter ! Markwayne has fought hard for Oklahoma Veterans and Military , he loves our Farmers and he’s Strong on Border Security . I give Markwayne my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s the man and her ”	This would be the beginning of the end . He has no clue , but he wouldn’t be calling the shots ! ! !
Why , so our men being of them , and the people have the matter .	Congresswoman Kay GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life . Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Welcome to her , Who ’ s a man !	We support JeanineAnez in Bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections . We denounce the ongoing violence and those that provoke it both in Bolivia and from afar . The USA stands with the people of the region for peace and democracy !
The matter on this that I am that ever be made of her lord .	. . . . chance , they’ve had their kangaroo court , they’ve had their circus for weeks and months . There just isn’t anything there and there’s no way I’m voting for Impeachment for somebody who hasn’t committed any impeachable offenses . ” IngrahamAngle
I am a bed , and that I am the most most most most most most most most well .	Senator Josh Hawley ( R-Mo ) “They ( the Dems ) don’t have anything . This whole thing is a joke , and it’s time to get the President exonerated . The House has no evidence of any impeachable offense . There’s nothing there , and they didn’t even charge a crime . They’ve had their . . . . .
In the talk of a talk of a well of the business Will you be with the business of the other of her of her speak with her of her of her speak with her of her ” And that .	. . . . good practice . ” As you saw last night , they were very cool &; very professional . Never let it get out of hand . Thank you ! On the bad side , the D . C . Mayor , MurielBowser , who is always looking for money &; help , wouldn’t let the D . C . Police get involved . “Not their job . ” Nice !
The matter must be his bond .	. . . . have been greeted with the most vicious dogs , and most ominous weapons , I have ever seen . That’s when people would have been really badly hurt , at least . Many Secret Service agents just waiting for action . “We put the young ones on the front line , sir , they love it , and . . . .
Who will be so ?	. . . Biden is a corrupt globalist sellout who never missed a chance to stab American workers in the back . If Biden wins , China wins – it’s just that simple !
Call it her “ ” ’ s a ”	Joe Biden delivered remarks to union members after spending 47 years giving their jobs to China and foreign countries in exchange for campaign cash . . .
The many men for me ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great work .	. . . And if the Federal Government wasn’t getting ready to go in , and we were all set , it would still be a squatter’s ( anarchist’s ) mess !
Who is the best ’ s men ’ s her ’ s men ’ s best ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s bed .	Great going Jim . Proud of you !
The most worthy of a fellow ’ s good fellow ?	The Lamestream Media is truly out of control . Look how they work ( conspire ! ) together . They are the Enemy of the People , but don’t worry , we will WIN in November !
The mother ’ s mother of a good fortune .	Today , it was my great honor to nominate one of our nation’s most brilliant and gifted legal minds to the Supreme Court . She is a woman of unparalleled achievement , towering intellect , sterling credentials , and unyielding loyalty to the Constitution: Judge Amy Coney Barrett . . .
The her that ’ s her that ’ s the Moor and her that ’ s the matter and her ” and her ” and her that ’ s her her her her her	Great job last night at the White House by the USA SecretService . They were not only totally professional , but very cool . I was inside , watched every move , and couldn’t have felt more safe . They let the “protesters” scream &; rant as much as they wanted , but whenever someone . . . .
Under the more , ’ s her that hath the matter .	. . . Obama killed the pharmaceutical manufacturing business in Puerto Rico . We are bringing it back from China and other faraway lands .
We should not know the matter of the worm or the man .	Today , I announced two of the LARGEST grants in history to Puerto Rico to rebuild its electrical grid system and education system . My Administration will be awarding $13 BILLION through FEMA – the largest obligations of funding ever awarded . . .
Did I make a work that her work with her that I am sure , will be the will be well .	Would be sooo great if the Fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease . The Dollar is very strong against other currencies and there is almost no inflation . This is the time to do it . Exports would zoom !
Why , on a say , a work at a great soldier .	The new USA Today Poll , just out , has me leading all of the Democrat contenders . That’s hard to believe since the Fake News & , 3 year Scams and Witch Hunts , as phony as they are , just never seem to end . The American people are smart . They see the great economy , & , everything else !
Who hath the people never ?	Impeachment Poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole Democrat Scam is all about !
Our men ’ s rise and her sleep at her ' tis , and ’ s ’ s ’ s ”	. FoxNews “Trump wins major victories in China and USMCA trade deals , defense spending and Space Force . ” Thank you !
The one of the show of a man 's peace .	The Stock Market hit another Record High yesterday , number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite President , and the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , want to impeach me . Don’t worry , I have done nothing wrong . Actually , they have !
But yet are yet too much of some other things must be like some other things .	Congressman Jeff Van Drew is very popular in our great and very united Republican Party . It was a tribute to him that he was able to win his heavily Republican district as a Democrat . People like that are not easily replaceable !
Why , you must be a doubt it to the voice ?	New Stock Market high ! I will never get bored of telling you that – and we will never get tired of winning !
.	Wow !
What a more than the matter to her work .	Then we must be very careful . Crazy Nancy would be a total disaster , and the USA will never be a Communist Country !
I had a great time to her bed and the time with her	. . . . got too frisky or out of line , they would quickly come down on them , hard - didn’t know what hit them . The front line was replaced with fresh agents , like magic . Big crowd , professionally organized , but nobody came close to breaching the fence . If they had they would . . . .
Let her tonight find the fair tonight , and the wife will be at the wife !	. . . . intimidated by this national left wing media , that reduces most politicians and most public figures to whining , crying , puddles of cowardice - it is really something to have a man in the White House who has a courageous heart and does what he says he will do . ”
Tomorrow is the matter , Who ’ s men , ’ tis it !	The Great LouDobbs: “People know , after 3 years of this President , the most historic President in our Country’s history , that there is no one who can touch what he’s done in 3 years , foreign policy , domestic policy , you name it , it’s amazing . Just to have the guts not to be . . . . .
Remember the poor youth of the gold and then .	They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd . They were just their to cause trouble . The SecretService handled them easily . Tonight , I understand , is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE ? ? ?
Who ’ s a ” and her again !	Statement from the President on the Passing of Supreme Court Associate Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg
What ’ s any more come ?	A great time to have strong Borders , and we now have the strongest Borders in our history . 182 miles of Border Wall already built ! Dems want Open Borders , let EVERYONE IN . No thanks !
Who , her that ’ s a great Give her a good thing .	“I like President Trump’s Tweets ( Social Media ) , I like everything about him . . . and this Ukraine stuff , the trial , the impeachment , this isn’t t about Ukraine . Donald Trump has committed the two unpardonable sins in the eyes of the Democrats . He beat Hillary Clinton in 2016 , and . .
Why , a her daughter ’ s her ”	. . . . secondly , he is fulfilling every promise he made , and that is making his opponents apoplectic . They’re trying to get him out of office , and they’re not going to succeed . ” Pastor Robert Jeffress , author of “Choosing the Extraordinary Life” Thank you Pastor ! LouDobbs FoxBus
How will the men her love ?	They professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd . They were just there to cause trouble . The SecretService handled them easily . Tonight , I understand , is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE ? ? ?
Who is much of the matter will be much ?	. . . . The Fake News Media is being laughed at all over the world !
Good my lord , to be the friend of men ’ s have a man .	Fake Journalists !
What , is me that 's a more be a more in some more .	Bahleezy March 3rd--tune in !
Was a fight with a man ’ s man ’ s good .	Our case against lyin’ , cheatin’ , liddle’ Adam “Shifty” Schiff , Cryin’ Chuck Schumer , Nervous Nancy Pelosi , their leader , dumb as a rock AOC , &; the entire Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrat Party , starts today at 10:00 A . M . on FoxNews , OANN or Fake News CNN or Fake News MSDNC !
I will be his bed of her live in her bed	A Great Guy !
By the matter that ’ s a ” is the thing , ’ s a thing , ’ s a thing ,	The professionally managed so-called “protesters” at the White House had little to do with the memory of George Floyd . They were just there to cause trouble . The SecretService handled them easily . Tonight , I understand , is MAGA NIGHT AT THE WHITE HOUSE ? ? ?
Call the more , her that ’ s every other show .	Kerry &; Murphy illegally violated the Logan Act . This is why Iran is not making a deal . Must be dealt with strongly !
Why , on a say so .	Would lead to disaster !
Hark to my lord , ’ s a more ’ s the matter .	Big news !
The matter by the week .	These are “Organized Groups” that have nothing to do with George Floyd . Sad !
When will be his mind and his law and steal ?	. GOP We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us , the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices . We have this obligation , without delay !
The new as “ Who ’ s great people ’ s last of her ” last .	HAPPY EASTER !
The more in the people ’ s her in her ”	I am watching the New York mayoral race very closely . . .
My lord with her that ’ s her ” and my lord of her ”	Mayor Jacob Frey of Minneapolis will never be mistaken for the late , great General Douglas McArthur or great fighter General George Patton . How come all of these places that defend so poorly are run by Liberal Democrats ? Get tough and fight ( and arrest the bad ones ) . STRENGTH !
Yet the loss of the loss to the money is That the money to the money .	Tomorrow SenatorTimScott and the Senate Republicans have a Great Bill , the #JUSTICEAct , up for a vote . Will be great for both people of color and police - in fact , has major police support . Rebuilding trust and keeping communities safe ! Hope to sign it into law ASAP !
Who ’ s a ”	A very good sign is that empty hospital beds are becoming more and more prevalent . We deployed 418 Doctors , Nurses and Respiratory Therapists from the hospital ship Comfort and the Javits Convention Center to hospitals in NYC &; State . Have more bed capacity than was needed . Good !
Who a great men of her ” ’ s the new of her work of my work ’ s his work of her	Big 4th of July Air Show soon coming down the East Coast . Get ready to look up to the sky . Check local listings !
Who hath the more hath more than the more than thy love ’ s ?	OBAMAGATE makes Watergate look small time !
Then ’ s a more again ’ s bed and then .	Is corrupt Bloomberg News going to say what a pathetic debater Mini Mike is , that he doesn’t respect our great farmers , or that he has violated campaign finance laws at the highest and most sinister level with “payoffs” all over the place ?
Who ’ s a ” a child of her daughter ’ s with her ”	Ratings way down , show sucks !
The matter that the king ’ s her ” ?	Will be speaking at 7:00 P . M . Thank you for all of the nice comments on the Mount Rushmore speech last night ! ! !
Who for a ho ?	Any fair minded person watching the Senate trial today would be able to see how unfairly I have been treated and that this is indeed the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax that EVERYBODY , including the Democrats , truly knows it is . This should never be allowed to happen again !
The man is the soldier with her love They ’ s love .	It is ashame that Congress doesn’t do something about the lowlifes that burn the American Flag . It should be stopped , and now !
The world will be the world in the world .	This picture seems like just yesterday when Ronald recieved the Congressional Medal of Honor . What a man !
He is that that the matter is that he will ?	It’s ANTIFA and the Radical Left . Don’t lay the blame on others !
Faith , a more than his reason .	Great businessman &; philanthropist Bernies Marcus , Co-Founder of Home Depot , said that Congress was too distracted by the ( phony ) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China . Media played a big roll also ! dcexaminer
Faith , the last upon the last night .	When will they open a Cold Case on the Psycho Joe Scarborough matter in Florida . Did he get away with murder ? Some people think so . Why did he leave Congress so quietly and quickly ? Isn’t it obvious ? What’s happening now ? A total nut job !
In the world ?	Here we go again . Fake News CNN is blaming RUSSIA , RUSSIA , RUSSIA . They are sick losers with VERY bad ratings ! P . S . Can’t blame China because they need the cash ?
Why ’ s a little will say ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s bed shall be a ” Why ’ s bed and ” Why	I will be strongly demanding a Drug Test of Sleepy Joe Biden prior to , or after , the Debate on Tuesday night . Naturally , I will agree to take one also . His Debate performances have been record setting UNEVEN , to put it mildly . Only drugs could have caused this discrepancy ? ? ?
What , to the people ’ s work me .	A GREAT DAY IN ARIZONA !
What ’ s a men ’ s bed in the matter ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s bed , Who is a ”	Highest Stock Market In History , By Far !
Who hath , Who hath his kingdom to his strength Which he hath the strength of our kingdom ’ s crown , and his men ’ s crown , Who hath his men of his kingdom ’ s crown , Who hath lost him work .	Great businessman &; philanthropist Bernie Marcus , Co-Founder of Home Depot , said that Congress was too distracted by the ( phony ) Impeachment Witch Hunt when they should have been investigating CoronaVirus when it first appeared in China . Media played a big roll also ! dcexaminer
But , ’ s never of her speak of her ?	I would like to thank John Rood for his service to our Country , and wish him well in his future endeavors !
What ’ s people again to work .	Steve is one of the very best in the Senate . He is competing against a failed Democrat Presidential candidate who never got close to 1% , and was sent packing . Had to be talked into this run by Schumer . Bad for 2nd A ! I strongly Endorse SteveDaines !
My lord with her from the Moor ’ s bed of her ' s day with her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s bed of her again	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA !
I am in a man ; Who 's never alone .	Hanoi Dick , who lied for years by saying he was a war hero in Vietnam , and was never even there ( Impeach him ! ) , should not be entitled to a vote on anything of importance !
The Moor ’ s a song of her ho .	Will be interviewed on foxandfriends this morning at 8:00 A . M . Enjoy !
In the men ’ s her that ’ s her ” and her .	Great ! Appeals Court Upholds Justice Departments Request To Drop Criminal Case Against General Michael Flynn !
What is that that is it of him , and it is , and it is , and it is , and that ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s	Remember , get out and Vote for Mike Garcia in CA25 . A really big deal for our Country !
The “ Yet hath ’ s a soldier was a ”	The Wall Street Journal Editorial Board doesn’t have a clue on how to fight and win . Their views on Tariffs &; Trade are losers for the USA , but winners for other countries , including China . If we followed their standards , we’d have no Country left . They should love Sleepy Joe !
Who was the day of the day of our Moor .	Some states use “drop boxes” for the collection of Universal Mail-In Ballots . So who is going to “collect” the Ballots , and what might be done to them prior to tabulation ? A Rigged Election ? So bad for our Country . Only Absentee Ballots acceptable !
He would be a great cause of a office .	YES , for many years , and hundreds of times a year . He is a Senatorial JOKE !
The very of her that ’ s the hours of the last upon the last upon her last upon her	Crossing State lines to incite violence is a FEDERAL CRIME ! Liberal Governors and Mayors must get MUCH tougher or the Federal Government will step in and do what has to be done , and that includes using the unlimited power of our Military and many arrests . Thank you !
Who ’ s the matter ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter at the matter ’ s one of her	On this wonderful day , we celebrate our history , our heroes , our heritage , our flag , and our FREEDOM . Happy Fourth of July to Everyone ! #SaluteToAmerica
Hark me on a one !	I will be doing a major Fake NBCNews Town Hall Forum , live tonight from Miami , at 8:00 P . M . They asked me to do it in place of the Rigged Steve Scully ( he is now suspended from cspan for lying ) Debate . I wonder if they’ll treat me as well as Sleepy Joe ? They should !
One of the hours of life is a great him .	The USA Post Office ( System ) has been failing for many decades . We simply want to MAKE THE POST OFFICE GREAT AGAIN , while at the same time saving billions of dollars a year for American Taxpayers . Dems don’t have a clue ! USPostOffice911
The her that the people ’ s the people at the matter ’ s people ’ s work on the	It was great to be back in North Carolina with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots ! This election is a simple choice: If Biden Wins , China Wins . When WE Win , YOU WIN , North Carolina WINS , and America WINS !
Why , the more ’ s a say , sir , you ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more be at the more than the more of her ”	I was right again ! Steve Scully just admitted he was lying about his Twitter being hacked . The Debate was Rigged ! He was suspended from cspan indefinitely . The Trump Campaign was not treated fairly by the “Commission” . Did I show good instincts in being the first to know ?
What ’ s the matter that hath been today ?	Winning Big . Next year , if I’m re-elected , will be our best year ever ! Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your taxes and go to socialized healthcare . Depression !
Why , a matter .	Wow , nobody realized how far Mini Mike Bloomberg went in bribing ex-prisoners to go out and vote for Sleepy Joe . He is desperate to get back into the good graces of the people who not only badly beat him , but made him look like a total fool . Now he’s committed a serious crime !
What ’ s had the people to her love ’ s that hath the matter and he hath the matter to her that he hath made of her men ’ s thought of her again !	What’s with CNN POLLS increasing me by 10 points in a short period of time . Maybe they want to take over from FoxNews !
There ’ s never be a man of her till the more of her .	Getting ready to land in Minneapolis . Our great National Guard saved the city from further destruction . Should have been called up sooner by local government !
He ’ s years of her sister come from her ” — Who ’ s call it .	Wow . CNN got caught cold manipulating the words and meaning of my 4th of July Speech . They were brazen , desperate . Watch what happens !
He is more that that that that is a matter .	Is James Comey and his band of Dirty Cops going to apologize to General Michael Flynn ( and many others ) for what they have done to ruin his life ? What about Robert Mueller and his Angry Democrat Cronies - Are they going to say , SO SORRY ? And what about Obama &; Biden ?
What ’ s no more by his bed and visit ’ s crown to see ’ s ’ s again to come by his bed and visit ’ s again by his bed of her again to make a ”	Portland is a mess , and it has been for many years . If this joke of a mayor doesn’t clean it up , we will go in and do it for them !
Who for a	VIRGINIA , and everywhere else for that matter , I am the only thing standing between you and your 2nd Amendment . If I am re-elected , it is 100% SAFE . If not , it is GONE !
The second that five to the second times the Moor is most true that which is so much so much so , Which is the thing that the thing of her was the Moor is the thing .	Today I spoke with our Nation’s Small Businesses , which employ nearly half of America’s workforce . We are taking the MOST aggressive action in history to deliver fast relief to your businesses and workers . We will always protect our Small Businesses ! SBAgov
The him for his men ’ s work today .	For the first time in history there is a fully signed Presidential Disaster Declaration for all 50 States . We are winning , and will win , the war on the Invisible Enemy !
The night ’ s the night at her men ’ s ready at her .	Just approved ( and fast ) the FULL Emergency Declaration for the Great State of Iowa . They got hit hard by record setting winds . Thank you to SenJoniErnst , ChuckGrassley , and Governor Kim Reynolds .
What , do me say a man ’ s one of her ' s ' s part at the matter , and a thing that ’ s bed at her	LAW &; ORDER !
My lord , with her men ’ s into the first of the first .	80% of the RIOTERS in Minneapolis last night were from OUT OF STATE . They are harming businesses ( especially African American small businesses ) , homes , and the community of good , hardworking Minneapolis residents who want peace , equality , and to provide for their families .
Why will end with her .	. . . And 96% in the Republican Party . Save your 2nd Amendment !
This is a great time for his grace to his grace .	Obamacare will be replaced with a MUCH better , and FAR cheaper , alternative if it is terminated in the Supreme Court . Would be a big WIN for the USA !
Who ’ s a ” and her that the ”	Internal REAL Polls show I am beating all of the Dem candidates . The Fake News Polls ( here we go again , just like 2016 ) show losing or tied . Their polls will be proven corrupt on November 3rd , just like the Fake News is corrupt !
A man ’ s company , Who hath the money for the time , ”	. FoxNews gladly puts up the phony suppression polls as soon as they come out . We are leading in the REAL polls because people are sick &; tired of watching the Democrat run cities , in all cases , falling apart . Also , now 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Another 2016 !
What ’ s heart of a less in that — ” — ”	The big Oil Deal with OPEC Plus is done . This will save hundreds of thousands of energy jobs in the United States . I would like to thank and congratulate President Putin of Russia and King Salman of Saudi Arabia . I just spoke to them from the Oval Office . Great deal for all !
The other is the sea of her own part of our own suit .	Just landed in Mankato , Minnesota !
Why , on a say you ’ s bed at the matter .	Hopefully a great , successful and safe ROCKET LAUNCH . Lifting off soon ! ? ! ? FoxNews OANN
Call ’ s a Tom ’ s Tom ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a Tom ’ s ’ s peace .	. FoxNews weekend afternoons is the worst ! Getting into CNN and MSDNC territory . Watch OANN &; newsmax instead . Much better !
It was great men ’ s a great men and ’ s great men ’ s great great his great was a great men and work and his men ’ s great men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s great men ’ s work and	Rod Blagojevich did not sell the Senate seat . He served 8 years in prison , with many remaining . He paid a big price . Another Comey and gang deal ! Thank you to LisaMarieBoothe who really “gets” what’s going on ! FoxNews
What worst is a thing can do in a man in the worst is seem to make a thing it .	Biden failed with China . They took us to the cleaners ! I got $Billions out of China , and gave much of it to our targeted farmers !
The of her and her from her ” .	More than all other countries together !
The men of her that is the work of her most most most most well .	Just watched Mike Wallace wannabe , Chris Wallace , on FoxNews . I am now convinced that he is even worse than Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Press ( please ! ) , or the people over at Deface the Nation . What the hell is happening to FoxNews . It’s a whole new ballgame over there !
I will be on the people ’ s one of her ” And I.	LAW &; ORDER !
The matter is the man is now , that he would be so .	Great division between the Bernie Sanders crowd and the other Radical Lefties . Our Country would be destroyed !
Why , her be a ” “ Who ’ s her ” at her ’ s the matter .	Pres . Obama destroyed the lobster and fishing industry in Maine . Now it’s back , bigger and better than anyone ever thought possible . Enjoy your “lobstering” and fishing ! Make lots of money !
When the men ’ s one that he should be in his people —	If the Fake News Opposition Party is pushing , with all their might , the fact that President Trump “ignored early warnings about the threat , ” then why did Media &; Dems viciously criticize me when I instituted a Travel Ban on China ? They said “early &; not necessary . ” Corrupt Media !
The morning ’ s the morning ’ s day , let ’ s good be in the tune .	Chicago and New York City crime numbers are way up . 67 people shot in Chicago , 13 killed . Shootings up significantly in NYC where people are demanding that NYGovCuomo &; NYCMayor act now . Federal Government ready , willing and able to help , if asked !
Why , thou say a say ’ s one .	Why is Congress scheduled to meet ( on Post Office ) next Monday , during the Republican Convention , rather than now , while the Dems are having their Convention . They are always playing games . GET TOUGH REPUBLICANS ! ! !
Good my friend to her friend .	Just watched what Biden had to say . To me , he’s blaming the Police far more than he’s blaming the Rioters , Anarchists , Agitators , and Looters , which he could never blame or he would lose the Radical Left Bernie supports !
The time are when he hath a drop of her ?	No thanks !
Why , that does he be so ?	Buy Lou’s GREAT New Book !
Give the great Give him the place of the place .	Thank you Nick !
The wind of her men to find it out of our new	Asian Americans are VERY angry at what China has done to our Country , and the World . Chinese Americans are the most angry of all . I don’t blame them !
What be on a say , a thing sure of tune .	SAVE THE POST OFFICE !
Be sure to see the night at night at the night ’ s great great great great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s men ’ s work .	The Opposition Party ( Lamestream Media ) and their partner , the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , have put their political game plan in full swing . “Whether he is right or wrong , it doesn’t matter . Criticize ’Trump’ for everything , and don’t let the public see Biden . Hide him . ”
I thank you !	. . . . the good and the bad . It is important for us to understand and remember , even in turbulent and difficult times , and learn from them . Knowledge comes from the most unusual of places !
The men ’ s her that is ’ s a man , ' tis a very true —	Very sad to see States allowing roving gangs of wise guys , anarchists &; looters , many of them having no idea what they are doing , indiscriminately ripping down our statues and monuments to the past . Some are great works of art , but all represent our History &; Heritage , both . . . .
My ’ s a men ’ s his third .	Governors , get your states testing programs &; apparatus perfected . Be ready , big things are happening . No excuses ! The Federal Government is there to help . We are testing more than any country in the World . Also , gear up with Face Masks !
My lord ’ s men ’ s men ’ s lead on my lord and not ’ s my lord , and make a bed and they have two of her men ’ s bed , Which she ’ s men ’ s my peace , and have	96% APPROVAL RATING IN THE REPUBLICAN PARTY . THANK YOU ! We will win against a tired , exhausted man , Sleepy Joe Biden , in November .
He should be out of the matter that ’ s grief .	Heading to Arizona , big rally and big crowd ! #MAGA #KAG2020
His him ?	Democrats want to Defund &; Abolish Police . This despite poor crime numbers in cities that they run . CRAZY !
Who was a more than a hole in a man ’ s man in a ho ’ s bed and a sun ’ s bed and never be a bed and a bed of her chamber and never am in a bed and a bed in a less in a	It was my great honor to free up 5000 square miles of ocean off the coast of Maine . Enjoy !
The next be the next of him must be of his men ’ s blood and be of his side .	. . . . be put in use IMMEDIATELY . PEOPLE ARE DYING , MOVE FAST , and GOD BLESS EVERYONE ! US_FDA SteveFDA CDCgov DHSgov
The men ’ s the night at the great men ’ s great great work !	HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE &; AZITHROMYCIN , taken together , have a real chance to be one of the biggest game changers in the history of medicine . The FDA has moved mountains - Thank You ! Hopefully they will BOTH ( H works better with A , International Journal of Antimicrobial Agents ) . . . . .
What be on a say , a ” it , ’ tis a thing .	MN Gov . Walz: We Estimate 80% of the Rioters Are from out of State via BreitbartNews
The matter that can be a work of her that is but but it is .	FAKE NEWS !
He is he not he hath not his people .	Pelosi is holding up STIMULUS , not the Republicans !
Why , so , so !	Why would FoxNews put on phony Congresswoman RepDebDingell . A total waste of airtime !
Good and part with her that have a man in a man in a man ’ s a man and have a part with her in his bed of her ” to his bed with a bed with her Which be a bed with a bed	TRANSITION TO GREATNESS
He made a great men to be the great men .	Jim , to late to take it back . Stay with the truth , no pandering !
Who says that his people have lost his people hath given it a thing it .	New China Virus Cases up ( because of massive testing ) , deaths are down , “low and steady” . The Fake News Media should report this and also , that new job numbers are setting records !
I loved a good being in his good .	Will be interviewed by Laura Ingraham ( IngrahamAngle ) tonight at 10:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Enjoy !
The lady is a lady that she was a great last night .	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What a great streets !	She was fired because she was boring and never had what it took . Perhaps that has proven to be a mistake !
The thoughts of her never more than her .	What a GREAT GUY . A true Winner representing Hispanic Americans ! ! ! Thank you .
What ’ s the second hair in his flesh and his bed .	This is totally illegal . Hope that the USA Attorney in Minnesota has this , and other of her many misdeeds , under serious review ? ? ? If not , why not ? ? ? We will win Minnesota because of her , and law enforcement . Saved Minneapolis &; Iron O Range !
This is good a good sister is now in her sister , and so long to her ” to her ” to her sister is a sister is a sister is a sister is a sister is the sister is .	White House News Conference at 12:30 P . M . Thank you !
My lord with you ’ s her in her ”	Statue of Frederick Douglass Torn Down in Rochester via BreitbartNews . This shows that these anarchists have no bounds !
Why , every man say , a morning .	The American People are WARRIORS !
Take a more of this play at the hours .	The National Guard has been released in Minneapolis to do the job that the Democrat Mayor couldn’t do . Should have been used 2 days ago &; there would not have been damage &; Police Headquarters would not have been taken over &; ruined . Great job by the National Guard . No games !
Who gave a great friend ’ s a friend at the wonder of the full of the great peace !	A proposal by Pentagon officials to slash Military Healthcare by $2 . 2 billion dollars has been firmly and totally rejected by me . We will do nothing to hurt our great Military professionals &; heroes as long as I am your President . Thank you !
What ’ s men ’ s see a wonder to hear our country ’ s country !	Our Testing is the BEST in the World , by FAR ! Numbers are coming down in most parts of our Country , which wants to open and get going again . It is happening , safely !
The of her set it with her father ’ s bond .	Fake News !
The more ’ s a ” to her ” And I ’ s a ” to her ’ s more in her ” to her	I AM ON MY WAY , SEE YOU SOON !
Why , a one ’ s one ’ s her that ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	“How Trump Is Making Black America Great Again , The Untold Story Of Black Advancement in the Era of Trump . ” By Horace Cooper A great new book !
My good upon the duke of her state of the state of the state of the state of her .	So interesting to see all of these people I beat so badly , pundits &; consultants that never had a chance , telling me how to run for office . Many are Republicans who should LOVE our 280 new Judges , rebuilt Military , 2A , great V . A . Low Taxes , etc . Just don’t like that I beat them !
Why , to the time ' s home , where they are come to her home .	Great !
Let this be at the people ’ s letters have many ten more but the many Though many men ’ s men ’ s one of her men ’ s never have a work of her men ’ s men ’ s chamber .	Let New York’s Finest be New York’s Finest . There is nobody better , but they must be allowed to do their job !
He ’ s a piece of men ’ s nature , Who ’ s great nature ,	If you want your 401k’s and Stocks , which are getting close to an all time high ( NASDAQ is already there ) , to disintegrate and disappear , vote for the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats and Corrupt Joe Biden . Massive Tax Hikes - They will make you very poor , FAST !
My lord , the the him was he was he he did he he he he ’ s part of the way to be the part of the men ’ s his chamber , my part of the chain was he was he was he was his part	. . . . for the wonderful job he has done , and we look forward to working with him closely , perhaps in another capacity within the Administration !
The Moor is of his bond more bond and the bond .	Getting ready to land in Macon , Georgia . Another giant crowd . See you soon !
He is the matter of her , why , why the matter ?	The Ballots being returned to States cannot be accurately counted . Many things are already going very wrong !
Most good my lord , and her friend yesterday .	Remember this , every Governor who has sky high approval on their handling of the Coronavirus , and I am happy for them all , could in no way have gotten those numbers , or had that success , without me and the Federal Governments help . From Ventilators to Testing , we made it happen !
What , they will be a thing to be .	I am pleased to announce that our highly respected Ambassador to Germany , RichardGrenell , will become the Acting Director of National Intelligence . Rick has represented our Country exceedingly well and I look forward to working with him . I would like to thank Joe Maguire . . . .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s .	Fake News !
No , not a bed .	I will be interviewed on IngrahamAngle tonight at 10:00 P . M . on FoxNews . Enjoy !
What ’ s last where ’ s the last where I 'll visit her	China has caused great damage to the United States and the rest of the World !
The better was made a worse than a more than a better .	Wow !
What , is a bed , an ass ’ s the matter , on the matter , and the matter , the matter is the matter of the matter is the matter ,	Sorry Fake News , it’s all on tape . I banned China long before people spoke up . Thank you OANN
What ’ s to see the matter .	Such a great family !
I was my in my lord .	Has BubbaWallace apologized to all of those great NASCAR drivers &; officials who came to his aid , stood by his side , &; were willing to sacrifice everything for him , only to find out that the whole thing was just another HOAX ? That &; Flag decision has caused lowest ratings EVER !
A place from my lord of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s a work with a ”	Looking forward to being in Allentown , Pennsylvania , on Thursday . I love the State , and for very good reason !
Why , a matter .	Thank you !
What a plain men ’ s death , that doth be free .	CHINESE VIRUS FACT CHECK
Why , and a great speech , his speech , He hath his daughter from the same daughter .	Wisconsin , please get out NOW and vote for Tom Tiffany for Congress . A great guy !
What ’ s with her that ’ s the more ’ s one of the matter and tell	. . . . . Financial Statements , from the time I announced I was going to run for President , showing all properties , assets and debts . It is a very IMPRESSIVE Statement , and also shows that I am the only President on record to give up my yearly $400 , 000 plus Presidential Salary !
Ay , sir , give the one that have the matter .	. . . . . Also , if you look at the extraordinary assets owned by me , which the Fake News hasn’t , I am extremely under leveraged - I have very little debt compared to the value of assets . Much of this information is already on file , but I have long said that I may release . . . .
What ’ s a great a great men for her ’ s great and a great and a great bed .	A beautiful evening in Phoenix , Arizona with Great American Patriots . THANK YOU !
Call in her bed .	Thank you !
A great two !	Congratulations to our National Guard for the great job they did immediately upon arriving in Minneapolis , Minnesota , last night . The ANTIFA led anarchists , among others , were shut down quickly . Should have been done by Mayor on first night and there would have been no trouble !
Who is the man ’ s men ?	A FoxNews commentator just ripped me with lies , with nobody defending . They talked about the “friendly” protesters ( they set the Church on fire the day before . They were anything but friendly ) , and how I stood and held the Bible upside down - it wasn’t upside down . edhenry
The time I wear the more ’ s of her ’ s ”	The Democrat party is the party of high taxes , high crime , open borders , late-term abortion , socialism , blatant corruption , and the total destruction of your Second Amendment . The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker , the American Family , and the American Dream !
The Antonio ’ s call me .	Cuomo , just like his brother Fredo , has not got a very good memory !
The thoughts of her never in her bed .	Crude Oil prices going up as Saudi Arabia cuts production levels . Our great Energy Companies , with millions of JOBS , are starting to look very good again . At the same time , gasoline prices at record lows ( like a big Tax Cut ) . The BEST of all Worlds . “Transition To Greatness”
I have two two two great men ’ s great two of a great ’ s great two have a great men ’ s two of a great men have a great a great .	New York City and Chicago play the Sanctuary City card , where criminals are protected . Perhaps they will have to start changing their ways ( and thinking ! ) .
Who hath , a man ’ s lord .	My son , Donald , just wrote a really important new book , “Liberal Privilege” , talking , with great knowledge , of our world today . Lets make him a number one bestseller , again ! DonaldJTrumpJr seanhannity
I ’ ll ask the hours of sleep .	The Fake News Media , just like Election time 2016 , is bringing up my Taxes &; all sorts of other nonsense with illegally obtained information &; only bad intent . I paid many millions of dollars in taxes but was entitled , like everyone else , to depreciation &; tax credits . . . . .
What to see him no more against his love .	If Big Tech persists , in coordination with the mainstream media , we must immediately strip them of their Section 230 protections . When government granted these protections , they created a monster !
I see my friend is speak of a friend .	Thank you !
My office first to be his father and my father .	“This is no longer about peaceful protesting , this is about angry , violent , criminal mobs taking over certain ( Democrat run ) cities . It is a lack of political leadership in that city . ” Chad Wolf DHSgov foxandfriends NYGovCuomo NYCMayor
In the answer of your question , my lord , I do with my house .	The Fake News and phony Fake Suppression Polls have never been worse . The Lamestream Media has gone CRAZY !
He ’ s his times .	Other Democrat run Cities and States should look at the total shutdown of Radical Left Anarchists in Minneapolis last night . The National Guard did a great job , and should be used in other States before it is too late !
I see a man ’ s a man ’ s good man .	California should let Tesla &; elonmusk open the plant , NOW . It can be done Fast &; Safely !
I think the one is the one of her that the man ’ s man ’ s part of the other men ’ s one of her be a one of her that ’ s one of the thing is the one is the matter is the	Joe Biden just announced that he will not agree to a Drug Test . Gee , I wonder why ?
The men is in a Roman in her cause is the office .	Thank you David , so true !
Who for me a man and her ”	NASDAQ HITS ALL TIME HIGH !
Who is a one that ’ s a morning ’ s ’ s the morning .	As long as other countries are receiving the benefits of Negative Rates , the USA should also accept the “GIFT” . Big numbers !
Give my her a bed .	“What has happened to Roger Stone should never happen to anyone in our Country again . ” TuckerCarlson FoxNews
Call her her in her ” Call her her .	The United States of America will be designating ANTIFA as a Terrorist Organization .
The more ’ s a more again .	Failed presidential candidate ( thank you President Trump ! ) , Carly Fiorina , said she will be voting for Corrupt Joe Biden . She lost so badly to me , twice in one campaign , that she should be voting for Joe . No complaints ! ! !
I was the morning this morning , I was the morning ’ s part on the morning ’ s part on the morning , I ’ s of the morning , I was the morning ’ s part of this morning , I was of this morning .	Three great men !
Call it with a bed by another ' tis another ' tis another .	Biden will also raise your taxes like never before . Sad !
You thank you .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
My morning , as the morning .	LAW &; ORDER !
What to hear her men ’ s bed .	Thank you Arizona ! With your help , your devotion , and your drive , we are going to keep on working , we are going to keep on fighting , and we are going to keep ON WINNING ! America is thriving like never before , and the BEST IS YET TO COME !
Call up the her ” Call her “ Is ’ s a happy ” ?	They name teams out of STRENGTH , not weakness , but now the Washington Redskins &; Cleveland Indians , two fabled sports franchises , look like they are going to be changing their names in order to be politically correct . Indians , like Elizabeth Warren , must be very angry right now !
Look in this man ’ s a little more than the matter .	The number of ChinaVirus cases goes up , because of GREAT TESTING , while the number of deaths ( mortality rate ) , goes way down . The Fake News doesn’t like telling you that !
For those that they do give him this one of her , and that is here .	Great going Natalie !
He hath his mistress ’ s men ’ s work .	The Lamestream Media is doing everything within their power to foment hatred and anarchy . As long as everybody understands what they are doing , that they are FAKE NEWS and truly bad people with a sick agenda , we can easily work through them to GREATNESS !
Give the place from my people ’ s crown from the sea .	Now AP estimates that the real Cuomo number of people killed because of his total incompetence is 11 , 000 , not the 6000 that was originally thought !
Let me be tonight at her again tonight .	Mini Mike Bloomberg’s debate performance tonight was perhaps the worst in the history of debates , and there have been some really bad ones . He was stumbling , bumbling and grossly incompetent . If this doesn’t knock him out of the race , nothing will . Not so easy to do what I did !
Look in this great tale .	Deaths from the China Virus are down 39% , while our great testing program continues to lead the World , by FAR ! Why isn’t the Fake News reporting that Deaths are way down ? It is only because they are , indeed , FAKE NEWS !
The thoughts of the thoughts of her thoughts , and the great general and a great thoughts .	Martha is a great leader on this issue !
Tom ’ s her ” “ Call ’ s father ’ s time .	The Obama/Biden Administration is the most CORRUPT in HISTORY !
My daughter should be so , I should be .	. . . of 2 , 541 patients hospitalized between March 10 and May 2 , 2020 across the system’s six hospitals , the study found 13% of those treated with hydroxychloroquine alone died compared to 26 . 4% not treated with hydroxychloroquine . ” HenryFordNews
A week a week that had a week again , but before ’ s again .	“Treatment with hydroxychloroquine cut the death rate significantly in sick patients hospitalized with COVID-19 – and without heart-related side-effects , according to a new study published by Henry Ford Health System . In a large-scale retrospective analysis . . .
The more of her will be more than we will ?	The “Trump Doctrine” earns President Trump a third Nobel Peace Prize Nomination ! LouDobbs
When will the mind of his reason ?	I gave no choice !
What that the matter with her men ?	Black Lives Matter leader states , “If USA doesn’t give us what we want , then we will burn down this system and replace it” . This is Treason , Sedition , Insurrection !
Why , that is a man ’ s great fellow !	Law &; Order in Philadelphia , NOW ! They are looting stores . Call in our great National Guard like they FINALLY did ( thank you President Trump ) last night in Minneapolis . Is this what voters want with Sleepy Joe ? All Dems !
The more ’ s a more again .	. JRubinBlogger ( Jennifer Rubin ) , the wacko “conservative” of the washingtonpost , must learn how to spell the name Bloomberg before it is too late &; he is gone !
Why , good man , a man and a man ’ s great a good man .	Big News: Tom Tiffany of the Great State of Wisconsin has just become Congressman Tom Tiffany . He will do a FANTASTIC job for the people of Wisconsin , and the United States . Congratulations !
There are the more than the man loves him , He loves our duty , and England , and be so , and be so much of our affection to be so , and his side , He loves him .	SCHOOLS MUST OPEN IN THE FALL ! ! !
I found her that ’ s a good flesh and a good breast for a good breast	I look forward to it also !
The time must not be a most well .	Get tough Democrat Mayors and Governors . These people are ANARCHISTS . Call in our National Guard NOW . The World is watching and laughing at you and Sleepy Joe . Is this what America wants ? NO ! ! !
What , ’ s the show of the Moor ’ s thoughts of her and hold the show of her again to be the show of her of her again to her again to be the people ’ s	This is the REAL Mini Mike . He admitted , many times , that he is “a fan of Donald Trump . He’s a New York ICON . ” Thank you Mike !
What ’ s a man ’ s lord , and so ’ s one ’ s ’ s one of her ”	The Democrats would not have BANNED travel from heavily infected China , especially so early , therefore , far more people would have died . Corrupt Joe Biden now admits this ! ! !
My lord of this morning ’ s the morning ’ s heart from this morning ’ s heart of the morning ’ s of the morning ’ s of the morning ’ s ’ s heart ’ s ’ s the morning ’ s heart ,	Told that NYCMayor Bill de Blasio wants to paint the fabled &; beautiful Fifth Avenue , right in front of Trump Tower/Tiffany , with a big yellow Black Lives Matter sign . “Pigs in a Blanket , Fry ‘Em Like Bacon” , referring to killing Police , is their chant . NYC Police are furious !
Be sure my hear the Moor !	STRENGTH !
The men ’ s men of her ” “ And ’ s the sun ’ s men ’ s men ’ s the form of her men of her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s men ’ s bed , Who ’ s work of her	LAW &; ORDER !
The the world is the man of her ?	Shifty Schiff exposed !
The sea is the sea of gold of nature ’ s other course against some other of work .	People want respect for our Anthem and our Flag . Ratings will only get worse ! Didn’t we go through this once before ?
The new of the new men ’ s men ’ s best that are the best of the best of the best of her men ’ s men of her men ’ s work that the work of her men ’ s work .	BREAKING NEWS: The Mortality Rate for the China Virus in the USA is just about the LOWEST IN THE WORLD ! Also , Deaths in the USA are way down , a tenfold decrease since the Pandemic height ( and , our Economy is coming back strong ! ) .
Why , a man ’ s ten of the morning ’ s the morning ’ s day , and be a morning , and be a ten of the night to the morning ’ s man ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ten of this morning	Will be interviewed by marklevinshow on FoxNews tonight at 8:00 P . M . Enjoy !
We ’ s not ’ s a man ’ s lives and England ’ s the matter .	A weak and pathetic Democrat Mayor ! ! !
Faith , sir , for a bed of a man !	Thank you !
Why with this a stuff with me ?	Thank you JennPellegrino OANN
Have a merry , and good a good soldier !	SO TERRIBLE ! Where are the arrests and LONG TERM jail sentences ?
Make it to be a mock and a friends with a friend and all .	Fake PulitzerPrizes must be taken back . These “journalists” got everything wrong . Give them to the real journalists who got it right !
The first of the first hath a thing ’ s heart .	. . . . He tried mixing with the Agitators and Anarchists and they mocked him . He would like to blame me and the Federal Government for going in , but he hasn’t seen anything yet . We have only been there with a small group to defend our USA Courthouse , because he couldn’t do it . . . .
Who in the second one that did .	SAVE YOUR SECOND AMENDMENT , VOTE TRUMP !
Faith , and her that ’ s very more ’ s the very more .	Landing in Wisconsin . Launching big new ship contract !
Who ’ s two and her ’ s two ”	Thank you Paris !
Will be no more than a ” in her ” ’ s today .	Thank you #Truckers4Trump !
In the man ’ ll be in my lord .	Women for Trump co-chair: Biden might not be 'ultimate nominee , ' and Dems engaging in 'elder abuse'
Why , a day , the day !	Why does the a Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39% , and that we now have the lowest Fatality ( Mortality ) Rate in the World . They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country !
Without , thou hast thou hast Desdemona , without more ' hast thou hast any man !	I will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Enjoy !
Call yourself again .	Our National Guard stopped them cold last night . Should have been called up sooner !
What , the matter , that ’ t ’ s the matter .	Why does the Lamestream Fake News Media REFUSE to say that China Virus deaths are down 39% , and that we now have the lowest Fatality ( Mortality ) Rate in the World . They just can’t stand that we are doing so well for our Country !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s her ”	Will be interviewed on foxandfriends at 8:00 A . M . Enjoy ! FoxNews
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ”	“The Trump Century , How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever” . On sale tomorrow . A great book by an even greater author . Make Lou NUMBER ONE ! Much better than the boring , no new info . , Woodward book . Besides , Lou is much smarter and sharper than Bob , by a lot !
He .	If I ever said something so mortifyingly stupid , the Fake News Media would come down on me with a vengeance . This is beyond a normal mistake . Why isn’t the media reporting it ?
The time and your chamber .	A really great moment !
Call you , her men , Call you up .	WOW !
Will be on the morning , Will we have been at the morning , and ’ s hope , and you are of her men of her men of her men of her men ’ s hope .	. . . . at the judges that we have right now .
Who with her with her men ’ s a men ’ s her and she ’ s her .	“You don’t come to court and ask for witnesses after you’ve already presented your case , unless you know your case is not working . I think their real motivation is for them to keep this President busy . We’re doing a great job on the economy , we’re building our military , look . . . . .
Who ’ s a ” and her ”	Big Congressional win in California for Mike Garcia , taking back a seat from the Democrats . This is the first time in many years that a California Dem seat has flipped back to a Republican . Also , Tom Tiffany beat his Democrat rival BIG in Wisconsin . Two great Congressional WINS !
Who sir ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s a sir , sir , sir , sir , a a bed ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a thing ’ s ’ s a thing ’ s ’ s .	SenateGOP Crazy Nancy Pelosi wants to Impeach me if I fulfill my Constitutional Obligation to put forth a Nominee for the vacated seat on the United States Supreme Court . This would be a FIRST , even crazier than being Impeached for making a PERFECT phone call to Ukrainian Pres .
Remember ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ” !	Previous quote from the great Republican Senator , Jim Inhofe , of Oklahoma - Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee
The she will be of her that she was of her .	I was honored to be in Wisconsin today , on the edge of beautiful Lake Michigan , with the legendary workers of Marinette Marine !
The one is the Moor is the comes to her !	The nytimes story is a Fake , just like the “paper” itself . I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban , long before most others wanted to do so . SecAzar told me nothing until later , and PeterNavarroUSA memo was same as Ban ( see his statements ) . Fake News !
If you be believe in her , no one will .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
What , I think ’ s brother did did have been by the wonder .	Wall is moving fast in Texas , Arizona , New Mexico and California . Great numbers at the Southern Border . Dems want people to just flow in . They want very dangerous open Borders !
What ’ s a bed , that went down a bed .	Ted Wheeler , the wacky Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Mayor of Portland , who has watched great death and destruction of his City during his tenure , thinks this lawless situation should go on forever . Wrong ! Portland will never recover with a fool for a Mayor . . . .
The next of me , and the next home . ” — ” — ” And come , ’ s the next of her come , and run .	The only way you will stop the violence in the high crime Democrat run cities is through strength !
He will he be gone .	Iranian Foreign Minister says Iran wants to negotiate with The United States , but wants sanctions removed . FoxNews OANN No Thanks !
The matter till your men ’ s great them . ” — ”	I am working hard to expose the corruption and dishonesty in the Lamestream Media . That part is easy , the hard part is WHY ?
A good a good of the Ophelia of his crown .	“Newly released documents show Schiff knew all along there was no proof of Russia-Trump collusion . ” Wall Street Journal
Our day is the day of her ' s heart , and the day is the day .	Thank you . Will never let you down !
Who ’ s my friend from my friend ’ s ’ s heart .	The highly respected Henry Ford Health System just reported , based on a large sampling , that HYDROXYCHLOROQUINE cut the death rate in certain sick patients very significantly . The Dems disparaged it for political reasons ( me ! ) . Disgraceful . Act now US_FDA TuckerCarlson FoxNews
What ’ s a more ’ s doubt it !	Heading to the Great State of OHIO , will be there soon ! #MAGA
What ’ s thou art the matter !	وزیر امور خارجه ایران می گوید ایران خواستار مذاکره با ایالات متحده است اما می خواهد که تحریم ها برداشته شود . FoxNews OANN نه، مرسی !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The nytimes story is a Fake , just like the “paper” itself . I was criticized for moving too fast when I issued the China Ban , long before most others wanted to do so . SecAzar told me nothing until later , and Peter Navarro memo was same as Ban ( see his statements ) . Fake News !
No better place to her men than the most in the most ' s man in the better than the better than the men ’ s men ’ s bed	FAKE NEWS !
Under a men , think you will be a man ’ s a man ?	Does anybody believe this man ? Caught !
Who so ’ s a ” ?	“President Trump champions American greatness in his Mount Rushmore speech . ” seanhannity FoxNews
The fortune of your fortune , put on you , And in the lips of all the eye !	. . . . My Administration and I built the greatest economy in history , of any country , turned it off , saved millions of lives , and now am building an even greater economy than it was before . Jobs are flowing , NASDAQ is already at a record high , the rest to follow . Sit back &; watch !
What ’ the man that know that man , that doth tell her man , that the man hath the man ’ s one that know that knows that that that that , that doth tell her man know that man know ’ s man ,	This makes Mini Mike look good compared to his performance last night . Worst debate performance in history !
What ’ s will you be best , being our best being “ But , and will be no more than you should be the best of our men have ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of our best be	Somebody please explain to MichelleObama that Donald J . Trump would not be here , in the beautiful White House , if it weren’t for the job done by your husband , Barack Obama . Biden was merely an afterthought , a good reason for that very late &; unenthusiastic endorsement . . . . .
A one of her that can be but my lord at a sad and the sad !	All Democrats should watch this !
O dinner the night at her ” “ Who ’ s two fair a fair hours .	. . . . disaster , the Energy Industry will be strong again , far faster than currently anticipated . Thank you to all of those who worked with me on getting this very big business back on track , in particular Russia and Saudi Arabia .
I will be on a reason tonight , sir , I am in her ’ s men .	Might as well mention this because it will never be reported by the Lamestream Media !
The Moor of her ?	Coronavirus deaths are way down . Mortality rate is one of the lowest in the World . Our Economy is roaring back and will NOT be shut down . “Embers” or flare ups will be put out , as necessary !
Call her her “ Call her her ” ”	Obama was always wrong !
Let the heavens Hail of the heavens of the Hail of the heavens of the heavens !	Looking back into history , the response by the ObamaBiden team to the H1N1 Swine Flu was considered a weak and pathetic one . Check out the polling , it’s really bad . The big difference is that they got a free pass from the Corrupt Fake News Media !
What ’ s no more , and her ’ s a wonder of her , I ’ s wonder ?	Attention MICHIGAN ! Early voting has started AND absentee ballots are being mailed out . Take advantage of the early voting and absentee calendar . Vote in person today or request an absentee ballot here:
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Having been involved in the negotiations , to put it mildly , the number that OPEC+ is looking to cut is 20 Million Barrels a day , not the 10 Million that is generally being reported . If anything near this happens , and the World gets back to business from the Covid 19 . . . . .
He will to all the day of the day , and the world should be all , and we will be all .	“I don’t see any indication that there were any white supremest groups mixing in . This is an ANTIFA Organization . It seems that the first time we saw it in a major way was Occupy Wall Street . It’s the same mindset . ” kilmeade foxandfriends TRUE !
Why , her that ’ s her men .	He has no idea , so the answer is yes ! ! !
A fair behold a fair ?	“They say Roger Stone lied to Congress . ” CNN OH , I see , but so did Comey ( and he also leaked classified information , for which almost everyone , other than Crooked Hillary Clinton , goes to jail for a long time ) , and so did Andy McCabe , who also lied to the FBI ! FAIRNESS ?
Give ’ s a more than it by her .	The ObamaBiden Administration was the most corrupt in history , including the fact that they got caught SPYING ON MY CAMPAIGN , the biggest political scandal in the history of our Country . It’s called Treason , and more . Thanks for your very kind words Michelle !
What ’ s men ’ s blood , and free ’ s free ’ s free ’ s free of her again to work of her men ’ s work of her again to her ”	Now Fake News CNN is actually reporting that I wanted my daughter , Ivanka , to run with me as my Vice President in 2016 Election . Wrong and totally ridiculous . These people are sick !
The more put a dream of a dream .	Attention NEW HAMPSHIRE ! Absentee ballots are being mailed to voters RIGHT NOW . Absentee ballots actually requested by voters are SAFE &; SECURE ! Request your absentee ballot today , here:
The time for her that ’ s soldier ’ s ’ s power to the other time .	. . . . It is the decision of the President , and for many good reasons . With that being said , the Administration and I are working closely with the Governors , and this will continue . A decision by me , in conjunction with the Governors and input from others , will be made shortly !
Who not do fear , not for the sake of peace . ”	For the purpose of creating conflict and confusion , some in the Fake News Media are saying that it is the Governors decision to open up the states , not that of the President of the United States &; the Federal Government . Let it be fully understood that this is incorrect . . . .
Who should be the wind of her ”	John Kerry and Senator Chris Murphy grossly violated the Logan Act with respect to Iran . If a Republican did what they did , there would be very serious ramifications !
Why , that does see another way to prove a way .	“These were the people that trashed Seattle years ago . Who’s paying for these people . I was appalled that 13 of Joe Biden’s staff were donating money to bail people out in Minneapolis . They should have stayed in jail until this is over ( and beyond ) . ” newtgingrich foxandfriends
Who for the work that I love ’ s love !	“COVID-19 ( China Virus ) Death Rate PLUNGES From Peak In USA” A Tenfold Decrease In Mortality . The Washington Times WashTimes Valerie Richardson . We have the lowest Mortality Rate in the World . The Fake News should be reporting these most important of facts , but they don’t !
The more ’ s a work .	Many thousands of people work for our government . With that said , a former DISGRUNTLED EMPLOYEE named Miles Taylor , who I do not know ( never heard of him ) , said he left &; is on the open arms Fake News circuit . Said to be a real “stiff” . They will take anyone against us !
The every man , and think , as possible , And then , and as well as , and as well as , and as well as well as , and as a mind , and as well .	I agree 100% .
Why , a matter .	White House news conference today at 5:00 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
What ’ s that he hath been so much ?	“I don’t think there’s any chance whatsoever of Senator Sanders defeating President Trump . ” Mini Mike Bloomberg . Mini , there’s even less chance , especially after watching your debate performance last night , of you winning the Democrat nomination . . . But I hope you do !
The time ’ s that ’ s a bad as bad as a great work .	Sleep Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail , and probably more . Joe doesn’t know anything about it , he is clueless , but they will be the real power , not Joe . They will be calling the shots ! Big tax increases for all , Plus !
Shall never better friend .	John Kasich did a bad job in Ohio , ran for President and was easy to beat , and now went to the other side desperate for relevance . Good Job by Chris C in exposing yet another loser !
.	“The decision not to prosecute Andy McCabe is utterly inexplicable . ” Judgenap HARRISFAULKNER FoxNews
You thank you .	First the Fake News Media said that it’s not fair for the President of the United States to be giving news conferences , but it is the only way I can reach the American People , as seen in the below poll .
Why , I thank you .	When the so-called “rich guys” speak negatively about the market , you must always remember that some are betting big against it , and make a lot of money if it goes down . Then they go positive , get big publicity , and make it going up . They get you both ways . Barely legal ?
Why , a matter .	A horrible Governor . Crime is taking over NYC &; State , everyone is leaving . He is after the NRA - They should move to Texas or elsewhere , and must get tough . Cuomo killed 11 , 000 people in nursing homes alone . Crooked &; Incompetent !
What ’ s heavy heavy upon the wind of our wind , Which of our wind , and the wind of our heavy wind , and that should be made of our women did make one of our winds of our heavy wind of our heavy wind of our	MANY people in custody , with many others being sought for Vandalization of Federal Property in Lafayette Park . 10 year prison sentences ! FBIWFO
It is still till it is done .	NOVEMBER 3RD .
A good head and a good heart are all .	“The real winner last night was Donald Trump . ” Mini Mike Bloomberg . I agree !
The one of myself had a man a man and was a man ’ s dead and be made .	My deepest sympathies go out to Frieda Chera and the family of the late , great , Stanley Chera , one of Manhattan’s most brilliant real estate minds . Stanley was charitable , kind , and a wonderful friend . He will be truly missed !
Our ’ s bed	As I have said for a long time , dealing with China is a very expensive thing to do . We just made a great Trade Deal , the ink was barely dry , and the World was hit by the Plague from China . 100 Trade Deals wouldn’t make up the difference - and all those innocent lives lost !
A thing to a thing ?	Sleepy Joe Biden’s people are so Radical Left that they are working to get the Anarchists out of jail , and probably more . Joe doesn’t know anything about it , he is clueless , but they will be the real power , not Joe . They will be calling the shots ! Big tax increases for all , Plus !
Who will in the valor will find it to the answer of her death .	People forget how divided our Country was under ObamaBiden . The anger and hatred were unbelievable . They shouldn’t be lecturing to us . I’m here , as your President , because of them !
Our Our will I have ’ s the sun , The hour ’ s the matter .	We will miss GREAT Country Rocker , Charlie Daniels , who passed away yesterday in Hermitage , Tennessee . My condolences to his wife Hazel , and their family . Charlie is in my thoughts and prayers . I love his music ! #RIPCharlieDaniels
There are no fair place to her place .	chrisbarno . Great Chris .
Why , that now ’ s her ” Will be a crown to be called her .	. . . I am doing what is necessary to keep our communities safe — and these people will be brought to Justice !
Why , a matter .	True !
Ay , it , will be so .	I was going to go to Bedminster , New Jersey , this weekend , but wanted to stay in Washington , D . C . to make sure LAW &; ORDER is enforced . The arsonists , anarchists , looters , and agitators have been largely stopped . . .
You thank you .	Death Rate from Coronavirus is down tenfold !
Why , a matter .	“Trump” is leading in all swing states . Heavily biased Democrat Poll , just like 2016 . Biggest “enthusiasm” lead ever !
You thank you .	THANK YOU , WORKING HARD ! #MAGA
He he !	Rigged Election !
Who hath played the of her ?	It was my great honor to deliver the commencement address at the LVMPD’s Hope for Prisoners Graduation Ceremony today , where we reaffirmed that America is a nation that believes in REDEMPTION !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s bed !	Anarchists , we see you !
What 's a matter !	Intel chief releases info on ‘unmasking’ of Flynn to Capitol Hill via politico
The time to be time to do it , when you have time to do it ? ” to be a time — ” ?	In Germany , Denmark , Norway , Sweden and many other countries , SCHOOLS ARE OPEN WITH NO PROBLEMS . The Dems think it would be bad for them politically if USA schools open before the November Election , but is important for the children &; families . May cut off funding if not open !
Here we again .	Big WIN in Texas on Mail-In Ballots !
Why , a matter .	Could somebody at foxnews please explain to Trump hater A . B . Stoddard ( zero talent ! ) and TeamCavuto , that I won every one of my debates , from beginning to end . Check the polls taken immediately after the debates . The debates got me elected . Must be Fox Board Member Paul Ryan !
You thank you .	Maria is Great !
What , have a delight in her ”	First time in 22 years . Mike will be a GREAT CONGRESSMAN !
To the one one is but to a hot spirit .	I disagree with CDCgov on their very tough &; expensive guidelines for opening schools . While they want them open , they are asking schools to do very impractical things . I will be meeting with them ! ! !
A great business of his way to prove the place .	I just had the privilege of signing a very strong Executive Order protecting American Monuments , Memorials , and Statues - and combatting recent Criminal Violence . Long prison terms for these lawless acts against our Great Country !
You thank you .	Our Great 1st Amendment , our Great 2nd Amendment , our right to worship God &; so much more comes down to one vote on the Court . TedCruz has a fantastic new book , “One Vote Away” , out today ! It's the best book to read as we fight to #ConfirmACB to #SCOTUS .
That was a great more a very great woman .	On my way to Toledo Express Airport in OHIO . See everyone soon ! #MAGA
Who there is his work of her work is .	Just arrived in Colorado , see everyone soon !
Call it .	The Democrats have to start enforcing Law and Order in their cities and states . New York City , Chicago and Portland are a total DISASTER !
Who ’ s there ’ s her ?	100% Correct . Thank you Tom !
I hope you my part of her ' em and at the matter and the matter of her will be at the hours of her have made of her them her them her them her sister ’ s thoughts of her them .	Proud of Mike !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” A ”	A GREAT HONOR , THANK YOU ! !
My there , her never have more than her ’ s more !	Economy and Jobs are growing MUCH faster than anyone ( except me ! ) expected . Job growth is biggest in history . China Virus Mortality Rate is among the LOWEST of any country . Shaping up for a good third quarter , and a great next year ! NASDAQ at new record high , 401k’s way up ! ! ! !
Call her her , Who ’ s a ”	GIANT RED WAVE COMING !
Good my lord to the her that ’ s bed and the matter !	Why hasn't Obama created jobs ?
Who in her men in her men ’ s work , ’ s people ’ s people .	THANK YOU OHIO ! #MAGA
The thank you and was and her than a soldier .	Wow , thank you — on my way ! !
Why , a matter .	I was thrilled to be back in OHIO tonight with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots ! 43 days from now , we are going to win Ohio , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House ! Secure your vote , here:
He he !	. . . . We will win the Election against Corrupt Joe Biden , Nancy Pelosi , and Schumer . We will save the Supreme Court , your 2nd Amendment , permanent damage from the ridiculous Green New Deal , and you from massive Tax Hikes . Also , our Heritage , History and LAW &; ORDER !
What ’ s no way , they are kill 'd from the bird .	Do not believe the Fake News Media . Oklahoma speech had the highest Saturday television ratings in FoxNews history . seanhannity dominated T . V . with my interview on Thursday night , more than CNN &; MSDNC COMBINED . These are the real polls , the Silent Majority , not FAKE POLLS !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	I will be delivering brief remarks from the Rose Garden at 6:30 P . M . Eastern to update on the Federal Response .
Why , I will be a good good thanks .	OBAMAGATE !
Look to the matter , not the matter .	sufiology . Thanks .
I think no one of her hath been fire , Who hath been the matter !	Congratulations to Jeff VanDrewForNJ on a Great Primary run , and big VICTORY against a very tough opponent ! #MAGA2020
Who was the best of my best than the best 's better .	This is where his crazed leaders are taking their puppet !
Why , that the man , a Christian , like the Christian ?	THE SILENT MAJORITY IS STRONGER THAN EVER , JUST WATCH ! ! !
Tom ’ s done a great England ’ s work .	The Great State of Wisconsin , home to Tom Tiffany’s big Congressional Victory on Tuesday , was just given another win . Its Democrat Governor was forced by the courts to let the State Open . The people want to get on with their lives . The place is bustling !
Who , ho , and her eyes , and the sun , Who ’ s bed , and her bed ”	The National Guard is Ready , Willing and Able . All the Governor has to do is call !
The people gave you the people that you are that gave you that gave that you are made of men that you have been their people gave that you their people that you their people did gave that you are that you are that are that are so .	That doesn’t sound like Michael , does it ?
Call her ?	THANK YOU RSBNetwork !
The many of the many of her hath the many of her today ?	I was thrilled to be back in Colorado Springs tonight , beneath the majestic peaks of the Rocky Mountains , with thousands of terrific , hardworking American Patriots . With your help , this November , we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Dems , and we are going to WIN Colorado !
Such a good York in the York ’ s a brave one of her ”	. . . Meanwhile , I gave America energy independence in fact , so much energy we could never use it all . The Bernie/Biden/AOC Green New Deal plan would take California’s failed policies to every American !
The more find it of her men ’ s her ' s ’ s the man in her men ’ s bed and never of her men ’ s her men ’ s men ’ s bed and never have lost him .	Wow . Won’t let Poll Watchers &; Security into Philadelpiha Voting Places . There is only one reason why . Corruption ! ! ! Must have a fair Election .
Who was a “ Who was her in her ” Who was the York in her ”	My fellow Americans - My first and highest duty as President is to defend our great Country and the American People . I swore an oath to uphold the laws of our Nation -- and that is exactly what I will do…
I heard my bed that thou hast thou hast the Moor of her that I have heard of her bed of her bed of her bed that I have a bed of her bed	I don’t know the so-called Whistleblower Rick Bright , never met him or even heard of him , but to me he is a disgruntled employee , not liked or respected by people I spoke to and who , with his attitude , should no longer be working for our government !
This day will be a day at great place , And in one word , in the mind !	Just returned to the WhiteHouse after a GREAT evening in OHIO !
You thank you .	I’ve been getting really good polls , some over 50% , except for one Fake Poll done by ABC NEWS , which gives NO INFORMATION about the sample , R or D , or anything else . They did this last Election , with one week to go , down 12 points , and I won . They are disgusting Fake News !
The matter of him !	Thank you to our great US Ambassador to Germany , RichardGrenell , for stepping in to serve as acting DNI . I will be nominating a terrific candidate for the job very soon . Stay tuned !
Why , a matter .	The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years , and they have given us nothing but lies & , deceit , thinking of our leaders as fools . They give safe haven to the terrorists we hunt in Afghanistan , with little help . No more !
Why , a matter .	YES !
What or no more !	22-O in my endorsements of Congressional Candidates this season . California &; Wisconsin won big on Tuesday . Thank you to all of those very brilliant Voters . You will not be disappointed !
Why , I thank you .	Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration . The great Iranian people have been repressed for many years . They are hungry for food & , for freedom . Along with human rights , the wealth of Iran is being looted . TIME FOR CHANGE !
Why , so !	The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime . All of the money that President Obama so foolishly gave them went into terrorism and into their “pockets . ” The people have little food , big inflation and no human rights . The USA is watching !
The another ’ s bed to her work is the very strong .	Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid , Huma Abedin , has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols . She put Classified Passwords into the hands of foreign agents . Remember sailors pictures on submarine ? Jail ! Deep State Justice Dept must finally act ? Also on Comey & , others
O , ho !	Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the Border . We will be bringing in more & , more of your great folks and will build the desperately needed WALL ! foxandfriends
He he !	In California , Democrats have intentionally implemented rolling blackouts — forcing Americans in the dark . Democrats are unable to keep up with energy demand . . .
Why , a thank you .	Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill . Really great !
Who seems , he is not , and not enough .	Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea . Soldiers are dangerously fleeing to South Korea . Rocket man now wants to talk to South Korea for first time . Perhaps that is good news , perhaps not - we will see !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ’ s her ?	Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation . Good news - it was just reported that there were Zero deaths in 2017 , the best and safest year on record !
The matter is the soldier . ” to make him money . ” I ’ s the matter .	The Failing New York Times has a new publisher , A . G . Sulzberger . Congratulations ! Here is a last chance for the Times to fulfill the vision of its Founder , Adolph Ochs , “to give the news impartially , without fear or FAVOR , regardless of party , sect , or interests involved . ” Get . . .
The next of not be made of mine own course .	. . . . impartial journalists of a much higher standard , lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources , ” and treat the President of the United States FAIRLY , so that the next time I ( and the people ) win , you won’t have to write an apology to your readers for a job poorly done ! GL
A such a bed .	Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics . DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard against Dems , will start “falling in love” with Republicans and their President ! We are about RESULTS .
What ’ s a matter !	Their minds are gone ! ! !
Who seems , he is not , and not enough .	Wow . Won’t let Poll Watchers &; Security into Philadelphia Voting Places . There is only one reason why . Corruption ! ! ! Must have a fair Election .
Who is that to say ’ s a hair ?	The Democrats don’t want to approve more money for our great workers under the incredibly successful “Paycheck” plan . Replenish Account Now !
Who ’ s a fair and will not be .	The Radical Left Mayors &; Governors of Cities where this crazy violence is taking place have lost control of their “Movement” . It wasn’t supposed to be like this , but the Anarchists &; Agitators got carried away and don’t listen anymore - even forced Slow Joe out of basement !
Faith , and her to her never to her .	Good numbers coming out of States that are opening . America is getting its life back ! Vaccine work is looking VERY promising , before end of year . Likewise , other solutions !
I have ’ s my lord of her ’ s ’ s ’ s years ’ s ’ s years of his years ’ s my	So true !
Go to work , and be more , and think , and more .	If I didn’t INSIST on having the National Guard activate and go into Kenosha , Wisconsin , there would be no Kenosha right now . Also , there would have been great death and injury . I want to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard . I will see you on Tuesday !
Our prayers to our prayers to our fellow ’ s man ’ s crown , Come , Come , come from our prayers , and our fellow .	Just had a wonderful conversation with my friend , Prime Minister AbeShinzo of Japan , who will be leaving office soon . Shinzo will soon be recognized as the greatest Prime Minister in the history of Japan , whose relationship with the USA is the best it has ever been . Special man !
Well , good a good good !	We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve . Tremendous progress has been made in a short period of time . Keep up the great work SecShulkin DeptVetAffairs !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career . He has been a tremendous supporter , and I will never forget the ( beyond kind ) statements he has made about me as President . He is my friend and he will be greatly missed in the USA Senate !
Who is a much than a more than the wonder .	It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing , but also many other countries , and others . As an example , we pay the Palestinians HUNDRED OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS a year and get no appreciation or respect . They don’t even want to negotiate a long overdue . . .
Why , the use of the way is .	. . . peace treaty with Israel . We have taken Jerusalem , the toughest part of the negotiation , off the table , but Israel , for that , would have had to pay more . But with the Palestinians no longer willing to talk peace , why should we make any of these massive future payments to them ?
The more ’ s bed is ’ s more than a more ’ s good news .	Kimberly Klacik is really working hard to help the people of Baltimore . She is running for Congress as a Republican , &; if she wins she will be an inspiration to all . She is strong on inner city rebuilding , healthcare , our Military &; Vets . She has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
What is but that is but a man and a man ’ s life .	Just arrived in the Great State of Ohio . Real Polls have us leading by even more than 2016 . With Biden being against Fracking ( Energy &; Jobs ) &; your Second Amendment , we should be in very good shape !
Ay , a more of her .	North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times . ” Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button , but it is a much bigger & , more powerful one than his , and my Button works !
The next hope is the next of our state .	I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST & , CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock . Subjects will cover Dishonesty & , Bad Reporting in various categories from the Fake News Media . Stay tuned !
.	“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago , that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny . The accomplishments are there , look at his record , he has had a very significant first year . ” LouDobbs Show , David Asman & , Ed Rollins
The matter on the hours of her tonight to speak of the matter of her speak of her ”	Great Rally In Colorado . Thank you , will be back soon !
What a friend of her lord , to her ’ s will make more than it will make more than it .	MichaelRubinton . Thanks .
More in the people in the last of her last .	Cuomo’s been calling daily , even hourly , begging for everything , most of which should have been the state’s responsibility , such as new hospitals , beds , ventilators , etc . I got it all done for him , and everyone else , and now he seems to want Independence ! That won’t happen !
O , ho !	. . The people of Portland , like all other cities &; parts of our great Country , want Law &; Order . The Radical Left Democrat Mayors , like the dummy running Portland , or the guy right now in his basement unwilling to lead or even speak out against crime , will never be able to do it !
The best is the best that ever hath been the best to her !	. Amazon , and others in that business , should be charged ( by the USA Postal System ) much more per package , and the Post Office would be immediately brought back to “good health” , now vibrant , with ALL jobs saved . No pass on to customers . Get it done !
Who ’ s a say ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a ”	This love of Country went all over . They hate Fake News , and so do I !
Who was the same that he was born in the man !	Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government . You will see great support from the United States at the appropriate time !
The great your grace , that great him , I doubt it , which I doubt , no doubt , I doubt , Which I have no doubt , and keep it .	Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S . Monson , a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints . . .
Call it her her and see her .	“Some 40 USA companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by handing out bonuses up to $2 , 000 , increases in 401k matches and spending on charity , a much higher number than previously known . ”
Who in her ” “ Who ’ s a ”	Stock Market had another good day but , now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed , we have tremendous upward potential . Dow just short of 25 , 000 , a number that few thought would be possible this soon into my administration . Also , unemployment went down to 4 . 1% . Only getting better !
What ’ s your lord , that was a men was a thing that thou art a thing !	Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud . They fought hard that the Commission not see their records or methods because they know that many people are voting illegally . System is rigged , must go to Voter I . D .
Why , you thank you !	As Americans , you need identification , sometimes in a very strong and accurate form , for almost everything you do . . . . . except when it comes to the most important thing , VOTING for the people that run your country . Push hard for Voter Identification !
.	With all of the failed “experts” weighing in , does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on between North and South Korea right now if I wasn’t firm , strong and willing to commit our total “might” against the North . Fools , but talks are a good thing !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ’ s her ?	So beautiful . . . . Show this picture to the NFL players who still kneel !
What ’ s will be well on the will run for you will run for the will run for the will be well of her will be of men that will be a men that will run that ’ s men that ’ s men .	Dow just crashes through 25 , 000 . Congrats ! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing .
What a great woman , and it were a good fellow !	If I were a Senator or Congressman , the first person I would call to testify about the biggest political crime and scandal in the history of the USA , by FAR , is former President Obama . He knew EVERYTHING . Do it LindseyGrahamSC , just do it . No more Mr . Nice Guy . No more talk !
I will be on the morning , and tomorrow morning ’ s the morning .	“She should never have been on that jury . Everything about this stinks . ” JudgeJeanine seanhannity FoxNews
The matter for you are in her chamber and strike the ass .	GET RID OF BALLOT HARVESTING , IT IS RAMPANT WITH FRAUD . THE USA MUST HAVE VOTER I . D . , THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN HONEST COUNT !
What , the matter , that ’ t ’ s the matter .	Tell the Dems that we have more Cases because we do FAR more Testing than any other Country !
The matter .	. . . . Obamacare is a joke ! Deductible is far too high and the overall cost is ridiculous . My Administration has gone out of its way to manage OC much better than previous , but it is still no good . I will ALWAYS PROTECT PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS , ALWAYS , ALWAYS , ALWAYS ! ! !
Who is the York , ’ s my lord , and this will Mark him this bond .	Now that the very expensive , unpopular and unfair Individual Mandate provision has been terminated by us , many States &; the USA are asking the Supreme Court that Obamacare itself be terminated so that it can be replaced with a FAR BETTER AND MUCH LESS EXPENSIVE ALTERNATIVE . . . . .
Faith , the men ’ s her that ’ s bed .	I am proud to announce the first $500M of $3 . 9B in CARES Act transit funding headed to the NY Metropolitan Transportation Authority . Important funding to keep transit systems clean and operating to get people back to work ! Spend it wisely ! NYGovCuomo NYCMayor
My speech at her ” Who I have not her “ Not “ Who I have a speech at her ”	Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform . We must BUILD THE WALL , stop illegal immigration , end chain migration & , cancel the visa lottery . The current system is unsafe & , unfair to the great people of our country - time for change !
With that ’ s a night at night .	MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Why , a fit that have a great some fit .	I authorized Zero access to White House ( actually turned him down many times ) for author of phony book ! I never spoke to him for book . Full of lies , misrepresentations and sources that don’t exist . Look at this guy’s past and watch what happens to him and Sloppy Steve !
You thank you .	The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in the USA is booming . . . but the people know ! Can you imagine if “O” was president and had these numbers - would be biggest story on earth ! Dow now over 25 , 000 .
You thank you .	Dow goes from 18 , 589 on November 9 , 2016 , to 25 , 075 today , for a new all-time Record . Jumped 1000 points in last 5 weeks , Record fastest 1000 point move in history . This is all about the Make America Great Again agenda ! Jobs , Jobs , Jobs . Six trillion dollars in value created !
No , that is a man ’ s no more .	Well , now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton and the FBI/Russia , the Fake News Media ( Mainstream ) and this phony new book are hitting out at every new front imaginable . They should try winning an election . Sad !
The world that 's the world is ’ s one of the world ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s bed .	The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon . Smart !
What ’ s the man ’ s men have met ’ s have been the man !	Good idea Rand !
There ’ s home .	Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book . He used Sloppy Steve Bannon , who cried when he got fired and begged for his job . Now Sloppy Steve has been dumped like a dog by almost everyone . Too bad !
Why , her her that ’ s her ” By her ’ s the matter , and her ’ s her ”	The African American unemployment rate fell to 6 . 8% , the lowest rate in 45 years . I am so happy about this News ! And , in the Washington Post ( of all places ) , headline states , “Trumps first year jobs numbers were very , very good . ”
Why , thou hast thou a bed	Brian Ross , the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points ( billions of dollars ) , was suspended for a month but is now back at ABC NEWS in a lower capacity . He is no longer allowed to report on Trump . Should have been fired !
The men of the two words are two of this most than the most of men .	Tell the Democrat Governors that “Mutiny On The Bounty” was one of my all time favorite movies . A good old fashioned mutiny every now and then is an exciting and invigorating thing to watch , especially when the mutineers need so much from the Captain . Too easy !
Who ’ s a men ’ s the matter !	Joe Biden is coming out of the basement earlier than his hoped for ten days because his people told him he has no choice , his poll numbers are PLUNGING ! Going to Pittsburgh , where I have helped industry to a record last year , &; then back to his basement for an extended period . . .
I am but my mistress men ’ s work like you .	Now that Russian collusion , after one year of intense study , has proven to be a total hoax on the American public , the Democrats and their lapdogs , the Fake News Mainstream Media , are taking out the old Ronald Reagan playbook and screaming mental stability and intelligence . . . . .
The more ’ s shall be a soldier .	. . . . Actually , throughout my life , my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being , like , really smart . Crooked Hillary Clinton also played these cards very hard and , as everyone knows , went down in flames . I went from VERY successful businessman , to top T . V . Star . . . . .
Never give him up !	. . . . to President of the United States ( on my first try ) . I think that would qualify as not smart , but genius . . . . and a very stable genius at that !
He he !	Leaving Camp David for the White House . Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subjects including Border Security & , the desperately needed Wall , the ever increasing Drug and Opioid Problem , Infrastructure , Military , Budget , Trade and DACA .
Why , a matter .	I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President . Now I have to put up with a Fake Book , written by a totally discredited author . Ronald Reagan had the same problem and handled it well . So will I !
Who is the men ’ s death ’ s the people !	Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration . Watch the hatred and unfairness of this CNN flunky !
Will be on a man , and five in many morning , and many good morning !	The Fake News Awards , those going to the most corrupt & , biased of the Mainstream Media , will be presented to the losers on Wednesday , January 17th , rather than this coming Monday . The interest in , and importance of , these awards is far greater than anyone could have anticipated !
What ’ s the more ’ s a man !	The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock Prices , but present and future Jobs , Jobs , Jobs . Seven TRILLION dollars of value created since our big election win !
The days of days ’ s days of her days .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA2020
Why , that I ’ s a strength of him .	“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency . So much so that , despite my own frustration over his missteps , there has never been a day when I wished Hillary Clinton were president . Not one . Indeed , as Trump’s accomplishments accumulate , the mere thought of . . .
Why , as we do but another way to prove a thing . ” as a man ’ s such a man ’ s one that be a thing .	Rest In Peace Jay !
The that duty and a little more than the will give itself .	. . . . His problem is interesting . He must always be weak on CRIME because of the Bernie Sanders Radical Left voter . If he loses them , like Crooked Hillary did , he is “toast” , and many will vote for me because of TRADE ( Bernie was good on trade ) . Joe MUST always be weak on crime !
Why , a matter .	When Joe Biden was VP . . .
What is .	My Administration is committed to protecting the Homeland from the scourge of narco-terrorists and traffickers seeking to destabilize the United States and our Hemisphere . Our military deployments in the Caribbean &; Eastern Pacific will endure until these threats are neutralized !
The people be made of the sun , but they have the sun .	The Impeachment Hoax is a massive election interference the likes of which has never been seen before . In just two hours the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats have seen their phony case absolutely shredded . Shifty is now exposed for illegally making up my phone call , &; more !
Why , a matter .	. . . Clinton in the WH , doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies , washes away any doubts that America made the right choice . This was truly a change election — and the changes Trump is bringing are far-reaching & , necessary . ” Thank you Michael Goodwin !
Why , a matter .	African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country . The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a full point in the last year and is close to the lowest in recorded history . Dems did nothing for you but get your vote ! #NeverForget foxandfriends
So we can be our men .	Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American FarmBureau Federation’s Annual Convention in Nashville ! #AFBF18On my way now - join me LIVE at 4:00pmE:
The very of her yet but a very subject of his purpose at his purpose .	We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US . #AFBF18
You have like your lord , you can be born . ” it was born in his work .	In every decision we make , we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY . Years of crushing taxes , crippling regs , & , corrupt politics left our communities hurting , our economy stagnant , & , millions of hardworking Americans COMPLETELY FORGOTTEN . But they are not forgotten ANYMORE !
The her that thou hast her her fair too !	We are fighting for our farmers , for our country , and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG . We want our flag respected - and we want our NATIONAL ANTHEM respected also !
Faith , sir , to her bed and another heart .	White House news conference today at 5:45 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
Yet seek to the matter away a Moor and make a lust ’ s delight to her work .	Shifty Adam Schiff is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN , and probably a very sick man . He has not paid the price , yet , for what he has done to our Country !
You thank you .	For the 1/100th time , the reason we show so many Cases , compared to other countries that haven’t done nearly as well as we have , is that our TESTING is much bigger and better . We have tested 40 , 000 , 000 people . If we did 20 , 000 , 000 instead , Cases would be half , etc . NOT REPORTED !
A very a very good a good more !	On behalf of the American people , THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers . As President of the United States - I will fight for you , and I will never , ever let you down . Now , more than ever , we must support the men and women in blue ! #LawEnforcementAppreciationDay
The time I do think us of her ' s love , I do give you work .	When is Slow Joe Biden going to criticize the Anarchists , Thugs &; Agitators in ANTIFA ? When is he going to suggest bringing up the National Guard in BADLY RUN &; Crime Infested Democrat Cities &; States ? Remember , he can’t lose the Crazy Bernie Super Liberal vote !
Give you a charge till then tell thee , ” — ” — ”	It was my great honor to sign H . R . 267 , the “Martin Luther King , Jr . National Historical Park Act , ” which redesignates the Martin Luther King , Junior , National Historic Site in the State of Georgia as the Martin Luther King , Jr . National Historical Park .
The time ’ s ’ s a work of her he ’ s another .	IF OUR FORMALLY TARGETED FARMERS NEED ADDITIONAL AID UNTIL SUCH TIME AS THE TRADE DEALS WITH CHINA , MEXICO , CANADA AND OTHERS FULLY KICK IN , THAT AID WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT , PAID FOR OUT OF THE MASSIVE TARIFF MONEY COMING INTO THE USA !
Who ’ s her that ’ s men ’ s ' th ' people .	PRESIDENTIAL HARASSMENT !
If thou hast made of her lie , then , That he hath made us .	People are tired of watching the highly political NBA . Basketball ratings are WAY down , and they won’t be coming back . I hope football and baseball are watching and learning because the same thing will be happening to them . Stand tall for our Country and our Flag ! ! !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Corrupt Joe Biden said yesterday that we have over “120 million” people dead of Coronavirus !
Who is the best hath the best ’ s best ’ s the best hath the best ’ s best hath the best ’ s the best ’ s work of her	On my way to PENNSYLVANIA !
A great Leave in our bosom .	“The Art of an Oil Deal”
I hear a man ’ s leave of her ' way !	Rep . Jim Jordan Delivers Knockout Blow to Schiff’s Reputation
The matter of his health already ’ s health and this to his health !	Another misinformation campaign is being launched by Democrats in Congress saying that Russia prefers me to any of the Do Nothing Democrat candidates who still have been unable to , after two weeks , count their votes in Iowa . Hoax number 7 !
What great men to my husband ’ s husband !	“We know what took place . We have already seen criminality . What is happening ? Biggest political scandal of our time . ” MariaBartiromo You are 100% correct , Maria , it is a disgrace that nothing happens . Obama and Biden spied on my campaign , AND GOT CAUGHT . . . BUT NOTHING !
What ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s no more ?	Good luck to Sean Compton , a winner at everything he does !
I know the our people ?	Paul Krugman is a lightweight thinker who doesn’t have a clue . Caused huge economic damage to his follower’s pocketbooks . He , and others , should be fired by nytimes !
What ’ s a ” a crown ?	PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT !
Who was a people ’ s great people ’ s great work !	Amazing analysis & , reporting !
For he ’ s part more than he was .	. . . . If however , the city or state in question is willing to acknowledge responsibility , and politely asks for help from the Federal Government , we will very seriously consider getting involved in order to make those poorly run Democrat Cities Great Again !
O how true !	The homeless situation in Los Angeles , San Francisco , and many other Democrat Party run cities throughout the Nation is a state and local problem , not a federal problem . . . .
What ’ s Love there !	IRAN WILL NEVER HAVE A NUCLEAR WEAPON !
Call you that are that you speak of it .	Congress & , the President should not be wasting their time and energy on a continuation of the totally partisan Impeachment Hoax when we have so many important matters pending . 196 to ZERO was the Republican House vote , & , we got 3 Dems . This was not what the Founders had in mind !
What thou shalt hate you but I love ’ s love That thou art a fair angel !	The Impeachment Hoax , just a continuation of the Witch Hunt which started even before I won the Election , must end quickly . Read the Transcripts , see the Ukrainian President’s strong statement , NO PRESSURE - get this done . It is a con game by the Dems to help with the Election !
Good night , I sleep , and all the many many of many and many many hours .	“The reason they are not sending the Articles of Impeachment to the Senate is that they are so weak and so pathetic . ” LindseyGrahamSC MariaBartiromo The great Scam continues . To be spending time on this political Hoax at this moment in our history , when I am so busy , is sad !
Why , a a soldier .	These Media Posts will serve as notification to the United States Congress that should Iran strike any USA person or target , the United States will quickly & , fully strike back , & , perhaps in a disproportionate manner . Such legal notice is not required , but is given nevertheless !
I love but a love ’ s love you .	The United States just spent Two Trillion Dollars on Military Equipment . We are the biggest and by far the BEST in the World ! If Iran attacks an American Base , or any American , we will be sending some of that brand new beautiful equipment their way . . . and without hesitation !
What ’ s the matter , more than ever , ’ s the way to run .	They attacked us , & , we hit back . If they attack again , which I would strongly advise them not to do , we will hit them harder than they have ever been hit before !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	. . . . targeted 52 Iranian sites ( representing the 52 American hostages taken by Iran many years ago ) , some at a very high level & , important to Iran & , the Iranian culture , and those targets , and Iran itself , WILL BE HIT VERY FAST AND VERY HARD . The USA wants no more threats !
What I will be a child to her daughter !	We catch them all !
I love a love ’ s love .	. . . . hundreds of Iranian protesters . He was already attacking our Embassy , and preparing for additional hits in other locations . Iran has been nothing but problems for many years . Let this serve as a WARNING that if Iran strikes any Americans , or American assets , we have . . . . .
Who in her ass ’ s a work in her ” .	Christopher Bedford , The Federalist Senior Editor . “There is NOTHING NEW in these Emails at all that’s been discovered . It’s exactly what we knew before , which is that the White House & , political figures wanted to cut off aid , Trump wanted to question aid to a number of . . . .
Who ’ s a ” for her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	“It was amazing to watch three days of arguments dismantled in two hours . ” PeteHegseth foxandfriends
Why , a good a good thought .	General Qassem Soleimani has killed or badly wounded thousands of Americans over an extended period of time , and was plotting to kill many more . . . but got caught ! He was directly and indirectly responsible for the death of millions of people , including the recent large number . . . .
What ’ s the will help to her men ’ s ’ s ’ s have been .	. . . . had happened to a Presidential candidate , or President , who was a Democrat , everybody involved would long ago be in jail for treason ( and more ) , and it would be considered the CRIME OF THE CENTURY , far bigger and more sinister than Watergate !
The wind I do so much of her ' wind are they are	A lot of very good people were taken down by a small group of Dirty ( Filthy ) Cops , politicians , government officials , and an investigation that was illegally started & , that SPIED on my campaign . The Witch Hunt is sputtering badly , but still going on ( Ukraine Hoax ! ) . If this . . . .
He .	They don’t know how to do that !
You thank you .	The Supreme Court sends case back to Lower Court , arguments to continue . This is all a political prosecution . I won the Mueller Witch Hunt , and others , and now I have to keep fighting in a politically corrupt New York . Not fair to this Presidency or Administration !
The more than the doubt .	On my way , see you soon !
What ’ s to be so ; we can be out of this may be afraid of this can be so ; be so ; be so can be so can be so can be so can be so can be so ; be out of this .	It never ends ! Now they are trying to say that your favorite President , me , went to Walter Reed Medical Center , having suffered a series of mini-strokes . Never happened to THIS candidate - FAKE NEWS . Perhaps they are referring to another candidate from another Party !
The men could have a men of this country ’ s men .	“This is what Democrats have done . They want to create the idea that there is all this smoke so people think there’s fire . They did this with Russia Collusion , &; there was no fire . It makes zero sense what the Democrats are accusing him of . ” LisaMarieBoothe foxandfriends
To the will be , and you will be at the while , And so much more than her .	Courts in the past have given “broad deference” . BUT NOT ME !
What Lord you for the office !	Heading to Kenosha , Wisconsin , to thank Law Enforcement and the National Guard for a job well done . The Violence stopped six days ago , the moment the Guard entered the picture . Thank you !
Why , the great her that ’ s great you do .	Great !
Good my mother , my mother , and her in heaven and be true .	Our GREAT Senator from South Carolina , SenatorTimScott just released a fantastic new book , “OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS: How Hard Work , Community , and Business Can Improve Lives and End Poverty . ” Get your copy today !
Good my father , my father ’ s his father can you of her father .	Can’t let this happen !
The matter being afeard to the death .	Had a very productive conversation with Kevin Warren , Commissioner of the Big Ten Conference , about immediately starting up Big Ten football . Would be good ( great ! ) for everyone - Players , Fans , Country . On the one yard line !
The time , you have been a day , every day .	. . . . Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York , which is falling apart with everyone leaving , to give it a second , third and fourth try . Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given . . .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	. . . . for another President . This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT . We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign , the biggest political crime and scandal in USA history , and NOTHING HAPPENS . But despite this , I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years !
The more ’ t is a work of a work .	A very good question !
Who is a woman that hath a Moor is that ’ s more than the matter .	Great !
What ’ s a man have a true ?	#ThanksForDelivering UPS !
He he !	We are !
Ay , and so .	We have a totally corrupt previous Administration , including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign , AND GOT CAIGHT . . . and nothing happens to them . This crime was taking place even before my election , everyone knows it , and yet all are frozen stiff with fear . . . .
Call her a ”	Just landed in Pennsylvania , see everyone soon !
Upon the men , Who is the most of her that most like her that most like a ”	My condolences to the Steinbrenner family , and the entire Yankees Organization , on the passing of Hank Steinbrenner . He was a friend and will be missed greatly by all !
The most of her that ’ s a soldier is the sun , The moon is the sun ’ s sun , the sun ’ s bed , Who is a bed ,	Four great candidates are under consideration at DNI . Decision within next few weeks !
Have time to England ?	I was saddened to learn of the passing of India's former President , Pranab Mukherjee . I send my condolences to his family and the people of India as they grieve the loss of a great leader .
Why , too great a sound of great work .	Great WIN Anna ! Watched your race from beginning , very impressed . Your next opponent , Charlie Crist , is a Pelosi puppet who is bad on Crime , our Military , Vets , &; 2nd Amendment . You have my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
He was , good good good good good good , and he ’ s part , ’ s part , a time !	. . . . No Republican Senate Judiciary response , NO “JUSTICE” , NO FBI , NO NOTHING . Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &; McCabe , guilty as hell , nothing happens . Catch Obama &; Biden cold , nothing . A 3 year , $45 , 000 , 000 Mueller HOAX , failed - investigated everything . . . .
The matter must be no more ere he do not , if he do not be !	We are having very productive calls with the leaders of every sector of the economy who are all-in on getting America back to work , and soon . More to come ! #MAGA
The matter , a common man is so much of him , and so much of the matter .	Why didn’t Schiff release this ?
The the matter with her that ’ s men ’ s not hear the matter .	Nissan is rolling out it’s 2021 ROGUE from TENNESSEE . Great !
The sun was a one ?	. . . . for another President . This is about PROSECUTORIAL MISCONDUCT . We catch the other side SPYING on my campaign , the biggest political crime and scandal in USA history , and NOTHING HAPPENS . But despite this , I have done more than any President in history in first 3 1/2 years !
Who ’ s eyes of her eyes and her eyes have her eyes of her eyes ’ s eyes of her eyes ’ s eyes of her eyes of her men ’ s bed	Kimberly will work with the Trump Administration and we will bring Baltimore back , and fast . Don’t blow it Baltimore , the Democrats have destroyed your city !
Why , a matter .	White House news conference today at 5:30 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
Why , good fortune .	Great Editorial in today’s Wall Street Journal , “And Congress Shall Be King . ” Bottom line: “The President becomes a vassal of King Congress . This is another reason for the Senate to repudiate this House Impeachment as its own abuse of power . ” A partisan Hoax !
God ’ s a ”	Mitch and I have made great progress . Coming back fast !
He was , good good good good .	. . . Won all against the Federal Government and the Democrats send everything to politically corrupt New York , which is falling apart with everyone leaving , to give it a second , third and fourth try . Now the Supreme Court gives a delay ruling that they would never have given . . .
The men is the out and her be a ' tis a thing !	. . . . No Republican Senate Judiciary response , NO “JUSTICE” , NO FBI , NO NOTHING . Major horror show REPORTS on Comey &; McCabe , guilty as hell , nothing happens . Catch Obama &; Biden cold , nothing . A 3 year , $45 , 000 , 000 Mueller HOAX , failed - investigated everything . . . .
They have a work .	We have a totally corrupt previous Administration , including a President and Vice President who spied on my campaign , AND GOT CAUGHT . . . and nothing happens to them . This crime was taking place even before my election , everyone knows it , and yet all are frozen stiff with fear . . . .
Why , you thank you .	The Democrats are only interested in BAILING OUT their badly managed , high crime , Blue States . They are not interested in our workers or small businesses . Crazy Nancy will only do stimulus , which would be helpful , if we couple it with bailout money . Republican States are great ! ! !
The two and those two thousand ' ll be a thousand ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll go in two thousand years !	“Again: Read the Transcript ! ” Michael Goodwin , New York Post , Sunday .
Well , good best will !	Great going Laura . You have a great chance against a Pelosi puppet !
Good my good question !	I will be announcing my Supreme Court Nominee on Saturday , at the White House ! Exact time TBA .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ”	jeffreypham Great !
Why , her that I have her bed , good good good good good good good .	POLITICAL WITCH HUNT !
Who does it be of her yet ?	After having been exposed as a fraud and corrupt , can anyone , including Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Fake NBCNews , continue to listen to his con ?
Who ’ s a more a more than I know ’ s the matter !	Drudge didn’t support me in 2016 , and I hear he doesn’t support me now . Maybe that’s why he is doing poorly . His Fake News report on Mini-Strokes is incorrect . Possibly thinking about himself , or the other party’s “candidate” .
What ’ s my brother !	She was a terrible A . G . Was she the leaker ?
Call her her her men and wrong .	Ford , General Motors and Tesla are being given the go ahead to make ventilators and other metal products , FAST ! fema Go for it auto execs , lets see how good you are ? RepMarkMeadows GOPLeader senatemajldr
He he !	Great work Owens_Minor ! On behalf of the American People , THANK YOU !
I love the more with her that the more of her .	. OANN Poll “Gives President Trump a 52% Approval Rating in North Carolina , and a seven point lead over ( Sleepy ) Joe Biden . The President also helps other Republican Candidates , including SenThomTillis , who has a 4% lead over his Democrat rival . ”
Our country is the country ’ s a time .	Sleepyeyes Chuck Todd of Meet the Corrupt Press , just had a “totally” softball interview with conman Adam Schiff , never even calling Shifty out on his fraudulent statement to Congress , where he made up ALL of the words of my conversation with the Ukrainian President ! FAKE NEWS
This will be one of the fair and was most fair was .	True !
Why , I thank you .	Great news . It will show how incompetent she is !
Why , I thank you .	At the request of Congressman Moolenaar , I have approved a major Disaster Declaration to provide more than $43 million in Federal Funds to help the people of the GREAT State of Michigan recover from the recent dam break flooding . I will always stand with Michigan !
Call you a good man , and thank you .	Thank you to Fred Smith and FedEx for the rapid emergency deliveries you are making all over our Nation . Keep it going !
What 's !	Crazy “Nancy Pelosi , you are a weak person . You are a poor leader . You are the reason America hates career politicians , like yourself . ” seanhannity She is totally incompetent &; controlled by the Radical Left , a weak and pathetic puppet . Come back to Washington and do your job !
Who was a bed a bed to bid him company !	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you ! 191 Federal Judges ( a record ) , and two Supreme Court Justices , approved . Best Economy &; Employment Numbers EVER . Thank you to our great New , Smart and Nimble REPUBLICAN PARTY . Join now , it’s where people want to be !
Who was the man ’ s one of her !	Not even a “minor” one . Thank you !
Who ’ s a one of her but one .	LivesayRobin . Thanks .
What be , that thou canst thou be ?	Working very well with States and our Nation’s Governors . #TEAMWORK
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	. . . Nobody’s been tougher on Russia than the Trump Administration . With Corrupt Joe Biden &; Obama , Russia had a field day , taking over important parts of Ukraine - Where’s Hunter ? Probably just another phony Times hit job , just like their failed Russia Hoax . Who is their “source” ?
Who best ’ s men yet ’ s ’ s ’ s the best of the best was of her yet ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed !	Nobody briefed or told me , VP Pence , or Chief of Staff MarkMeadows about the so-called attacks on our troops in Afghanistan by Russians , as reported through an “anonymous source” by the Fake News nytimes . Everybody is denying it &; there have not been many attacks on us . . . . .
What ’ s great a great man as he thank you !	Democrats are blocking additional funding for the popular Paycheck Protection Program . They are killing American small businesses . Stop playing politics Dems ! Support Refilling PPP NOW – it is out of funds !
How dost thou didst thou hast again on a work ?	Majority of people say “the USA Senate already has enough information ! ” FoxNews
The matter on the time ’ s bed to her again .	SenateGOP Highest Trump Poll Numbers EVER ! Thank you !
And to your grace to his day , and every day to learn .	There has not . They are the Enemy of the People . TDS !
The more make the more than the more of her ' s head .	#NationalVoterRegistrationDay
What ’ s an if thou be a business of their business ’ s ' tis strange and strange and ’ s again and the business of the business of their business ’ s bed	Thank you to the great people of The Villages . The Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats will Fall in the Fall . Corrupt Joe is shot . See you soon ! ! !
.	Big win Matt !
What ’ s a great soldier ’ s a thing .	Fake News . Couldn’t hear them during speech !
What a day and the day to her men ’ s again ?	Major News Conference tonight , the White House at 6:00 P . M . ( Eastern ) , to explain Guidelines for OPENING UP AMERICA AGAIN !
Call her a True and .	So TeamCavuto has very bad ratings on foxnews with his Fake guests like A . B . Stoddard and others that still haven’t figured it all out . Will he get the same treatment as his friend Shepherd Smith , who also suffered from the ratings drought ?
Why , good you , you .	Nothing done wrong , READ THE TRANSCRIPTS !
Why , a matter .	Our wonderful General blew up Scarborough’s FAKE two year narrative . Thank you General H . R . McMaster . Look forward to reading your book , “Battlegrounds: The Fight to Defend the Free World . ”
You thank you .	“Senate Intelligence Panel found absolutely no evidence of collusion . There was no evidence that the Trump campaign conspired with the Russian government to influence 2016 , affirming the findings of other investigations . ” Daily Caller
You thank you .	. JBPritzker , Governor of Illinois , and a very small group of certain other Governors , together with Fake News CNN &; Concast ( MSDNC ) , shouldn’t be blaming the Federal Government for their own shortcomings . We are there to back you up should you fail , and always will be !
You thank you .	Funny to see Corrupt Joe Biden reading a statement on Russia , which was obviously written by his handlers . Russia ate his and Obama’s lunch during their time in office , so badly that Obama wanted them out of the then G-8 . USA was weak on everything , but especially Russia !
Call her a ” !	President Trump Approval Rating in the Republican Party at 96% . Thank You !
My daughter ’ s daughter had a boy .	MichaelArrante Happy Birthday
Why , good you , you .	Crazy Nancy Pelosi deleted this from her Twitter account . She wanted everyone to pack into Chinatown long after I closed the BORDER TO CHINA . Based on her statement , she is responsible for many deaths . She’s an incompetent , third-rate politician !
What ’ s men have lost his thoughts of her think ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men of her hear her men of her men of her men of her men ’ s men of her men ’ s bed	ON MY WAY ! #KAG2020
What ’ s mind .	Absentee ballots are in the hands of voters in many states , including NC , GA , WI , MN , MI , NH &; VA . Early voting is now underway in MN , MI &; VA . FLORIDA vote-by-mail ballots are sent on Thursday . Apply for yours in FL today:
Call her a ”	The hard working men and women of UPS are working overtime to maintain our supply chain and deliver medical supplies to those in need . Your work is critical to the health of our nation , keep it up !
Why , a matter .	Corrupt Joe Biden has confirmed that he “would give UNLIMITED Healthcare to Illegal Immigrants” . This would break our system and bring millions of people to the USA . foxandfriends
You thank you .	Reports are that basketball great Kobe Bryant and three others have been killed in a helicopter crash in California . That is terrible news !
My honor ’ s honor .	THANK YOU Las Vegas , Nevada ! I was delighted to be back in a state I love , with proud , hardworking PATRIOTS . With your help , this November , we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats , and we are going to win Nevada in a landslide ! #KAG2020
What ’ s the o ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Thank you Mark !
He he ’ s a man .	Will be having a News Conference from our beautiful White House at 5:00 P . M . Many things to discuss . Thank you !
You thank you , sir .	The great LouDobbs has a very important new book coming out shortly . “The Trump Century , How Our President Changed the Course Of History Forever” , looks like it will be a big bestseller . Make it Number 1 for Lou . Pre-Order now at A great honor , Lou !
Why , you thank you !	Since imposing a very powerful 10 year prison sentence on those that Vandalize Monuments , Statues etc . , with many people being arrested all over our Country , the Vandalism has completely stopped . Thank you !
Who ’ s news !	David Richter ( DavidRichterNJ ) will be a tremendous Congressman for New Jersey ! He is a successful Businessman and Job Creator , will protect our Seniors and Healthcare , and supports our Law Enforcement and #2A . David has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Why , I thank you .	Republicans are fighting for citizens from every background , every community , &; every walk of life . We are the party of boundless optimism , excitement , energy &; enthusiasm . We are welcoming Americans of all parties &; political persuasions to join our incredible movement to #MAGA !
What thank you and true !	Now that we have witnessed it on a large scale basis , and firsthand , Virtual Learning has proven to be TERRIBLE compared to In School , or On Campus , Learning . Not even close ! Schools must be open in the Fall . If not open , why would the Federal Government give Funding ? It won’t ! ! !
Call you her men ’ s her !	Have a good time this morning at First Baptist Dallas Church . The wonderful Pastor robertjeffress will be joined by our GREAT VP Mike Pence !
What ’ s the lord !	Attorney General Eric_Schmitt is doing a terrific job in Missouri ! He supports our Law Enforcement , fights Human Trafficking , and will always protect your Second Amendment Rights . Eric has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Eric ! #MOAG
Call her up .	Getting ready to land in Wisconsin . See you soon !
Why , a good man is a man , if we be no man .	THANK GOD FOR TRUCKERS !
What , I think ’ s brother did did have been by the wonder !	. . . . The reason for this is that the Do Nothing Democrats , using disinformation Hoax number 7 , don’t want Bernie Sanders to get the Democrat Nomination , and they figure this would be very bad for his chances . It’s all rigged , again , against Crazy Bernie Sanders !
Why , that ’ s a more of her daughters ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s a ” ?	MSDNC ( Comcast Slime ) , CNN and others of the Fake Media , have now added Crazy Bernie to the list of Russian Sympathizers , along with TulsiGabbard &; Jill Stein ( of the Green Party ) , both agents of Russia , they say . But now they report President Putin wants Bernie ( or me ) to win .
I ’ s a bed , and let ’ s house , or a house !	The Fake News @ nytimes must reveal its “anonymous” source . Bet they can’t do it , this “person” probably does not even exist !
What ’ s office , What ’ s the next !	THANK YOU WISCONSIN !
You thank you .	Governor MikeParson is doing an incredible job for Missouri . He is Strong on Jobs , Law and Order , Life , and the Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Mike ! #MOGOV
The Tell the that he is an an ass ’ s ’ s love !	Get it done or the Federal Government will come in and get it done for you !
Who ’ s a ”	. . . . in January and February , as the Virus spread globally ? Why did the White HouseO . wait as long as it did to take decisive action ? Lanhee Chen , Hoover Institution Fellow FoxNews
Who ’ s a one of her ' place , I ’ s place !	Thanks . You are very cool !
Who ’ s a times her !	Congratulations to JudgeJeanine on the release of her new book , “DON’T LIE TO ME” which is now available . Get your copy today !
The more ’ s a bed of her ' tis for the matter !	“Don’t throw the American story into the river , don’t throw it into the lake . Be proud of it . ” kilmeade foxandfriends
The matter and her mother are a mother ’ s mother ’ s .	. . . . Absentee Ballots are fine because you have to go through a precise process to get your voting privilege . Not so with Mail-Ins . Rigged Election ! ! ! 20% fraudulent ballots ?
The office he ’ s her that was the office .	Mail-In Ballot fraud found in many elections . People are just now seeing how bad , dishonest and slow it is . Election results could be delayed for months . No more big election night answers ? 1% not even counted in 2016 . Ridiculous ! Just a formula for RIGGING an Election . . . .
I will be on the matter tonight .	. . . . . Melania and I send our warmest condolences to Vanessa and the wonderful Bryant family . May God be with you all !
Why , the show of her times at her ” and the very hour , and I hope .	Kobe Bryant , despite being one of the truly great basketball players of all time , was just getting started in life . He loved his family so much , and had such strong passion for the future . The loss of his beautiful daughter , Gianna , makes this moment even more devastating . . . .
You thank you .	Why did the White HouseO . Ignore an email from Taiwanese health officials in late December alerting them to the possibility that CoronaVirus could be transmitted between humans ? Why did the White HouseO . make several claims about the CoronaVirus that ere either inaccurate or misleading . . . .
You thank you .	Simply put , he choked !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	Thank you . My great honor !
The time to you have your grace ’ s more than the more than the matter , and you will be a bed and you are a bed of her bed .	Great honor , but think we are much higher than 46% . Hidden vote !
What , ’ s the people take her that you have more than the ”	On my way to USA Southern Command ( Southcom ) in the Great State of Florida !
I ’ ll see a thing , you !	Congratulations to MattGaetz on the release of his new book , “Firebrand: Dispatches from the Front Lines of the MAGA Revolution . ” Get your copy today !
In the other of one of her country in the worst is the worst and bring ’ s ground and one before .	THE VAST SILENT MAJORITY IS ALIVE AND WELL ! ! ! We will win this Election big . Nobody wants a Low IQ person in charge of our Country , and Sleepy Joe is definitely a Low IQ person !
The her that is but some other cause of her than the man ’ s of her ?	IF YOU CAN PROTEST IN PERSON , YOU CAN VOTE IN PERSON !
O a great time to her work of her again .	The Democrat Party you once knew — no longer exists !
.	Today people started losing their jobs because of Crazy Nancy Pelosi , Cryin’ Chuck Schumer , and the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats , who should immediately come back to Washington and approve legislation to help families in America . End your ENDLESS VACATION !
Why , a matter .	With what I am doing in the fight with the Drug Companies , drug prices will be coming down 50 , 60 , and even 70 per cent . The Democrats are fighting hard to stop me with big ad buys , plus . Likewise , Big Pharma . FAVORED NATIONS AND REBATES ARE BRINGING PRICES DOWN NOW . We will win !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	. . . with our Country , the United States Military , Government Contractors , and Grantees . Americans should be taught to take PRIDE in our Great Country , and if you don’t , there’s nothing in it for you !
You thank you .	. . . and/or Funding , which will be taken away if this Propaganda or Act Against Public Policy continues . Our children must be Educated , not Indoctrinated !
What ’ s too many and not enough .	Too many Universities and School Systems are about Radical Left Indoctrination , not Education . Therefore , I am telling the Treasury Department to re-examine their Tax-Exempt Status . . .
Who is the but that does not a work is a man !	A few weeks ago , I BANNED efforts to indoctrinate government employees with divisive and harmful sex and race-based ideologies . Today , I've expanded that ban to people and companies that do business . . .
And I never did run , I thank you .	My friend ( always there when I’ve needed him ! ) , Senator RandPaul , was just tested “positive” from the Chinese Virus . That is not good ! He is strong and will get better . Just spoke to him and he was in good spirits .
The time to her that ’ s lost .	Good luck Angela !
What I pray you be our country and run for the country !	LIBERATE MINNESOTA !
What , thou shalt be best to be the best . ” as a better than a better than a man ’ s bed , and be a better be a better to be the best . ” And be .	On my way to Pennsylvania , see everyone soon ! #MAGA
I am not that that I am dead . ” And that I ’ s a crown , and a bed ”	Don’t buy GOODYEAR TIRES - They announced a BAN ON MAGA HATS . Get better tires for far less ! ( This is what the Radical Left Democrats do . Two can play the same game , and we have to start playing it now ! ) .
What ’ s a ” a ” a ” A ”	I watch and listen to the Fake News , CNN , MSDNC , ABC , NBC , CBS , some of FOX ( desperately &; foolishly pleading to be politically correct ) , the nytimes , &; the washingtonpost , and all I see is hatred of me at any cost . Don’t they understand that they are destroying themselves ?
Who ’ s a ”	. . . ( Democrats said I never met ) and released the military aid to Ukraine without any conditions or investigations - and far ahead of schedule . I also allowed Ukraine to purchase Javelin anti-tank missiles . My Administration has done far more than the previous Administration .
What 's !	. . . transcripts of my calls with President Zelensky are all the proof that is needed , in addition to the fact that President Zelensky &; the Foreign Minister of Ukraine said there was no pressure and no problems . Additionally , I met with President Zelensky at the United Nations . . .
Why , so !	Kenosha , Wisconsin , we’re with you all the way !
But read ’ s a great men ’ s great a great men ’ s own great a great a great men but read !	WE CANNOT LET THE CURE BE WORSE THAN THE PROBLEM ITSELF . AT THE END OF THE 15 DAY PERIOD , WE WILL MAKE A DECISION AS TO WHICH WAY WE WANT TO GO !
The more your daughters ' th ' mind to the mind . ” And you are all the mind and with all and that shall be made of his mind of all the mind to the mind . ” And all the mind .	""Ivanka Trump defends her dad"" via politico
Why , a matter .	Why are Republicans allowing the Democrats to have ridiculous Post Office hearings on Saturday &; Monday , just before and during our Convention . Let them hold them NOW ( during their Convention ) or after our Convention is over . Always playing right into their hands ! senatemajldr
Great judge ’ s wind in his better judge !	ccalder0811 Thank you .
What doth his grief doth prove a great general .	LIBERATE MICHIGAN !
The men ’ s that no love of her to her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' em to her that ’ s bed .	I NEVER told John Bolton that the aid to Ukraine was tied to investigations into Democrats , including the Bidens . In fact , he never complained about this at the time of his very public termination . If John Bolton said this , it was only to sell a book . With that being said , the . . .
The most in the world ’ s the world ’ s world ’ s the world .	With Tropical Storm Fay heading towards the Great State of New Hampshire this weekend , we are forced to reschedule our Portsmouth , New Hampshire Rally at the Portsmouth International Airport at Pease . Stay safe , we will be there soon ! #MAGA2020
What 's , what a matter may be afraid .	Will he having a Press Conference at 5:45 P . M . See you in 15 minutes !
I ’ ll be .	Mike Pence was never put on standby , &; there were no mini-strokes . This is just more Fake News by CNN , a phony story . The reason for the visit to Walter Reed , together with the full press pool , was to complete my yearly physical . Short visit , then returned ( with press ) to White House . .
They must go to a man .	LIBERATE VIRGINIA , and save your great 2nd Amendment . It is under siege !
The most of her .	We will be guided by the wishes of Prime Minister Abe of Japan , a great friend of the United States and a man who has done a magnificent job on the Olympic Venue , as to attending the Olympic Games in Japan . He will make the proper decision !
The Tell your son of her son .	Thank you to all of my great Keyboard Warriors . You are better , and far more brilliant , than anyone on Madison Avenue ( Ad Agencies ) . There is nobody like you !
The more of your daughters .	The Democrat controlled House never even asked John Bolton to testify . It is up to them , not up to the Senate !
Why , and her that have to love her love .	D . C . had no problems last night . Many arrests . Great job done by all . Overwhelming force . Domination . Likewise , Minneapolis was great ( thank you President Trump ! ) .
The eyes as it is not , as it was as you would be as it . ” to be as you have a man .	Where is the 302 ? It is missing . Was it stolen or destroyed ? General Flynn is being persecuted ! #OBAMAGATE
It is the better for this parts , and this is this of this .	. . . . testing that you should be doing . We have given New York far more money , help and equipment than any other state , by far , &; these great men &; women who did the job never hear you say thanks . Your numbers are not good . Less talk and more action !
Why , a matter .	Governor Cuomo should spend more time “doing” and less time “complaining” . Get out there and get the job done . Stop talking ! We built you thousands of hospital beds that you didn’t need or use , gave large numbers of Ventilators that you should have had , and helped you with . . . .
Well , a fellow ’ s a fellow of his fellow ’ s great a fellow , and make a fellow of his fellow ’ s great a fellow of his fellow ’ s great fellow of his fellow of his fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great a fellow of his fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great fellow ’ s great a fellow ’ s great a fellow ’	Will be having a Press Conference at 5:45 P . M . See you in 15 minutes !
If you were , if thou never be so , ’ s never be too !	I was honored to be back in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots . This election is a choice between Pennsylvania &; China . If Biden wins , China wins . When we win , Pennsylvania Wins , and AMERICA WINS ! #MAGA
Why , a matter .	RobertCherry1 Fantastic !
The more forth of the times at the times is not a times a strumpet ’ s mad .	Will Fredo be fired by Fake News CNN ? He speaks with great disrespect about women , and it will only get worse . Fredo’s Ratings are bad , so this is the time . Always terrible to speak to sleazebags , especially when you are being recorded . CNN has no choice , Fredo must go !
The world is the woman of his love , ” God ’ s his grace ’ s the Heaven that the Heaven should make all the Heaven should make her all the general .	Biden/Obama were a disaster in handling the H1N1 Swine Flu . Polling at the time showed disastrous approval numbers . 17 , 000 people died unnecessarily and through incompetence ! Also , don’t forget their 5 Billion Dollar Obamacare website that should have cost close to nothing !
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	Congresswoman Jackie Walorski ( jackiewalorski ) is doing an incredible job for Indiana . She fights for Small Businesses , the Economy , and our incredible Military and Vets ! Jackie has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IN02
What ’ s a more than a little , I am a kind of a kind of a kind of her .	Congressman Andy Harris ( Harris4Congress ) is a tremendous advocate for Maryland ! A highly respected physician , Andy fights for the Second Amendment , Border Security and our incredible Farmers . Andy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MD01
Call her ?	Lumberportal That's great !
What 's !	GREAT !
Why , you thank you !	“Bins full of ballots in a dumpster”
Who thank you for a soldier !	Like Fredo at Fake News CNN , the very untalented Joy Reid should be fired for this horrible use of the words “Muslim Terrorists” . Such xenophobia and racism on MSDNC . Anyone else would be gone , and fast ! ! !
Why , you have a work like a work in my work , my good , and my good .	Robert , we will end up stronger than ever before . Thank you !
Call a boy , a good boy .	I did more in 47 months than Joe Biden did in 47 years !
What 's a matter !	Senator Mike Rounds ( RoundsforSenate ) continues to deliver for South Dakota ! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers and he is strong on Trade , Military , our Vets , and the Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #SDSen
If it should be so much , it should you make it make a while , I would make a peace ?	It’s about time !
Who , best ’ s the world !	. . . . spews lies . 60Minutes report was incorrect , which they couldn’t care less about . Fake News ! I don’t know this guy , never met him , but don’t like what I see . How can a creep like this show up to work tomorrow &; report to SecAzar , his boss , after trashing him on T . V . ? . . . .
What ’ s that would be your act in the end ?	China has just announced a doubling in the number of their deaths from the Invisible Enemy . It is far higher than that and far higher than the USA , not even close !
Our country 's men .	Welcome , Barack and Crooked Hillary . See you on the field of battle !
Call you to her men ’ s bed .	Congressman Mike Simpson ( MikeSimpson4ID ) is a tremendous champion for Idaho ! Mike is working hard for our incredible Farmers , and he strongly supports our Military , Vets and the Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #ID02
What 's and true !	Congressman Russ Fulcher ( RussFulcher ) is an incredible Representative for the people of Idaho ! He fully supports the Border Wall , Life , our Vets and the Second Amendment . Russ has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #ID01
I am so merry , I was a good man , for the good man and for him , and for him .	I LOVE GoyaFoods !
Good my lord , ay , ay , ay , ay , ay ’ s good .	The States have to step up their TESTING !
Good my daughter to her than a soldier is .	With your VOTE , we are going to lift our nation to extraordinary new heights – we are going to turn the page forever on the failed political class – and we are going to Defend our Jobs , our Families , our Borders , and our treasured way of Life !
Who ’ s a York ’ s her ”	Incredible people , great Rally !
The matter of the matter .	Cuomo ridiculously wanted “40 thousand Ventilators” . We gave him a small fraction of that number , and it was plenty . State should have had them in stockpile !
Call her ?	“I live in New York . Even the most Liberal friends that I have are thinking twice about voting Democrat this time because they’ve seen what’s happened to the City under NYCMayor de Blasio and the State under NYGovCuomo - They’re getting eaten up by taxes . ” DavidAsmanfox
In faith , my lord , all may be all .	Our GREAT RALLY tonight in Pennsylvania . Tremendous energy ! #MAGA
Why , by her men ’ s work to her work again	Congressman Dusty Johnson ( DustyJohnson ) is a phenomenal advocate for the people of South Dakota ! He helped us deliver USMCA for our Farmers , and he is strong on the Border and our Second Amendment . Dusty has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #SDAL
Remember what I will be his father in the show of him , how he is he is .	“An investigation into NOTHING . ” The wonderful trish_regan on the Mueller Witch Hunt !
Can you believe the head , and have to meet with our great people ?	“Joe Biden , a little out of it , let’s face it , so he is the perfect vessel , an empty vessel , to transform the Country . ” TuckerCarlson FoxNews “Destroying your dreams and ending your life . ” Ned Ryan
Who am I am a sister ’ s two ”	See , even a Kennedy isn’t safe in the new Radical Left Democrat Party . Taxes up big , no 2A . Biden has completely lost control . Pelosi strongly backed the loser !
Call her her her again .	White House news conference today at 6:00 P . M . Eastern . Thank you !
The the time , why do be so ? ” — ” — ”	Chris Jacobs ( JacobsNY27 ) will be a tremendous Congressman who will always fight for New York . He is Strong on the Border , our Military and Vets , and the Second Amendment . Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Chris on June 23 ! #NY27
Who told the world that ’ s of the world was more than he was years , ” ?	statereform Macys You sound great !
.	Thank you to foxandfriends for covering , supremely , the greatest political scandal in the history of the United States , OBAMAGATE . Fake News CNN and Concast’s own MSDNC are only trying to make their 3 year Con Job just go away . They are embarrassed and don’t know what to do . . . .
You thank you .	HE SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN , AND GOT CAUGHT !
The should be the man ’ s a crown , He is the bring it down .	READ THE TRANSCRIPTS !
What ’ s without the matter will prove the more prove ’ s of him .	Democrats in the Great State of Nevada ( Which , because of the Economy , Jobs , the Military &; Vets , I will win in November ) , be careful of Russia , Russia , Russia . According to Corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff , they are pushing for Crazy Bernie Sanders to win . Vote !
Who is his side of his side in his new side and ” Come , come in his new side and work in his new side of his new side and his new side	This is the NEW and very sick Democrat Party . We will win on November 3rd , and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Why , by her ”	Great book !
What ’ s a better ?	Yesterday was a bad day for the Cuomo Brothers . New York was lost to the looters , thugs , Radical Left , and all others forms of Lowlife &; Scum . The Governor refuses to accept my offer of a dominating National Guard . NYC was ripped to pieces . Likewise , Fredo’s ratings are down 50% !
Call you the hate of her again .	. . . . Likewise , the nytimes and washingtonpost are a disgrace to journalism . They are all Fake News , and they know it better than anyone else . History is unfolding , and it is not a pretty picture for “journalism” .
And that will on the matter ?	WHY DID HE REFUSE TO ENDORSE SLOW JOE UNTIL IT WAS ALL OVER , AND EVEN THEN WAS VERY LATE ? WHY DID HE TRY TO GET HIM NOT TO RUN ?
The more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	Schiff must release the IG report , without changes or tampering , which is said to be yet further exoneration of the Impeachment Hoax . He refuses to give it . Does it link him to Whistleblower ? Why is he so adamant ?
Why , a matter .	The Dems want to Defund and Abolish the Police . Not good !
The first good good good good good .	Congratulations to seanhannity on a big night , as usual !
Call it on her her her ?	I hardly know Cindy McCain other than having put her on a Committee at her husband’s request . Joe Biden was John McCain’s lapdog . So many BAD decisions on Endless Wars &; the V . A . , which I brought from a horror show to HIGH APPROVAL . Never a fan of John . Cindy can have Sleepy Joe !
Who ’ s a one that I ’ s a work .	BUT DIDN’T SHE CALL HIM A RACIST ? ? ? DIDN’T SHE SAY HE WAS INCOMPETENT ? ? ?
A pretty French ?	Congressman Greg Pence ( GregPenceIN ) is doing a phenomenal job for Indiana . His brother , our great Vice President Mike Pence , and I need Greg to help us keep our Country SAFE and fight for our #MAGA agenda . Greg has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #IN06
You thank you , it is great good .	Congressman Jim Banks ( jim_banks ) is a fighter for Indiana ! A highly respected Navy Officer , Jim works hard for our Vets and Small Businesses . Strongly supports the Second Amendment and our Border Wall ! Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IN03
Call ’ s years ’ s no more years .	I am proud to announce that NJTransit will receive $1 . 4B in CARES Act funding to assist in their continued operations and to keep people moving in the NY/NJ area ! The LARGEST single Federal transit grant to New Jersey Transit ever . Together , we will prevail !
The more ’ s men ’ s never lay the matter of the matter ’ s part of the matter .	We are in very close communication with China concerning the virus . Very few cases reported in USA , but strongly on watch . We have offered China and President Xi any help that is necessary . Our experts are extraordinary !
Why , her love ?	Wow , great foresight !
A man with a man ’ s man , I ’ s man , and more than a man ’ s man ’ s part with a man ’ s part .	Some things just don’t get any crazier . Just call me Kate , problem over !
Welcome to the new of the new of men , Who ’ s but a place , Who ’ s great her men ’ s work .	Vaccines are coming along really well . Likewise therapeutics . Moving faster than anticipated . Good news ahead ( in many ways ) !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Chicago’s CTA has big federal resources heading its way to keep the transit system operational and to keep people moving where they need to go . $817M will aid in the economic recovery — buy Made in the USA !
Ay , her , she is a man !	Corrupt Joe Biden’s team is running false ads . Almost everything in them is a knowing lie , just the opposite of what they are saying , &; very much like their Fake News partners !
The best is the best in the business of her , there !	Senate hearing on the Impeachment Hoax starts today at 1:00 P . M .
Call the same English in her sister , and the beast !	The Unsolicited Ballots Scam is their only hope . Will be the most corrupt election in history , by far !
The sun is the new i ' th ' th ' sun .	Republicans , get out and vote today for those great candidates that will lead to big victories on November 3rd . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who does not that ’ s her not have the sense .	Big news . Numerous great companies are seeing fantastic results . FDA must move quickly !
What ’ s the hard of her .	Absentee Ballots are fine . A person has to go through a process to get and use them . Mail-In Voting , on the other hand , will lead to the most corrupt Election is USA history . Bad things happen with Mail-Ins . Just look at Special Election in Patterson , N . J . 19% of Ballots a FRAUD !
Ay , sir .	aclutter51 We need someone !
The men when the crown is the crown to play the play of his play .	John , thank you . Such a great honor !
To him his friend to my lord .	Look so forward to being with my great friends in INDIA !
The last of the world , thou art thou , sir !	My great honor ! ! !
What ’ s a goodly times , ’ s best ’ s best !	NYC , CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD . The lowlifes and losers are ripping you apart . Act fast ! Don’t make the same horrible and deadly mistake you made with the Nursing Homes ! ! !
What ’ s a prove it ?	On International Holocaust Remembrance Day , we remember the millions of precious souls who perished as a result of the horrific crimes perpetrated by the Nazi regime . . . .
Who ’ s a ”	Intel just reported to me that they did not find this info credible , and therefore did not report it to me or VP . Possibly another fabricated Russia Hoax , maybe by the Fake News nytimesbooks , wanting to make Republicans look bad ! ! !
The should be patient .	SILENT MAJORITY !
The day of my day Is ’ s the day to the most most most most !	Sarah is correct . McCain was a lousy candidate with lots of bad policy , but the “deadheads” sabotaged his campaign from the inside , and never gave him a chance to win . Hope they were happy with OBiden , who gave you me !
There are great men of her be sure , and look to a man today .	They are Fake News Losers !
The people , and you ’ s friends , and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s people , and ’ s friends , and the matter .	It’s never a real Twitter Trending . It’s Twitter Executive’s Choice . Only negative on Republican voices , especially mine !
Why , the time , good be the good .	White House News Conference today at 6:00 P . M . Economy , Job gains and Vaccine development are all doing GREAT !
What will I know that a mind comes to his new comes to his reason .	Great book . Get it and support Charlie !
Why , that I love you , if thou art times , if thou art , and that I am so , and that you are so , and love you are so .	New York City put on an 11:00 P . M . CURFEW last night . No wonder they ripped the place apart . Should be 7:00 P . M . CALL UP THE NATIONAL GUARD . #SAVENYC
What ’ s that you will be so .	Today I was presented with the brand new SpaceForceDoD flag in the Oval Office . I will take Great Pride in displaying it at the WhiteHouse !
Who ’ s a great men ’ s great them .	camarrone Great !
The men for all of the sun have been !	I am proud to announce that the United States will donate ventilators to our friends in India . We stand with India and narendramodi during this pandemic . We’re also cooperating on vaccine development . Together we will beat the invisible enemy !
What a great great people ’ s French French like a great French French ' s great Have a great Have a great men a great men of a great men of a great men as a great people !	Bay of Pigs Veterans &; Hispanic Heritage Remarks as past honoree . White House East Room . 11 AM . Thank you !
I am that that will be a soldier , and by the face of nature !	Cut him off now !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ” !	Great new book out today by DineshDSouza — get your copy today !
The come comes to the good of good seek !	They would own our Country !
Who I thank you for her that ’ s the matter !	Such a wonderful reception yesterday in Pennsylvania . Thank you ! #MAGA
Why , a matter .	Looks like Crazy Bernie is doing well in the Great State of Nevada . Biden &; the rest look weak , &; no way Mini Mike can restart his campaign after the worst debate performance in the history of Presidential Debates . Congratulations Bernie , &; don’t let them take it away from you !
I for , good good good , I ’ ll be a good good good for , I ’ ll be a good good good good for my good good good good .	Rigged Election ?
What ’ s such a voice are welcome .	Very important that , in order to watch that ALL are following the Rules &; Regulations , you become an Election Official at your local Polling Place . Go sign up NOW ! ! !
He ’ ll be a ” !	Lamestream Media is only getting worse !
What 's a matter !	Decorated combat Vet MarthaMcSally has a great new book , Dare to Fly , which tells her story as the first American woman to fly a fighter jet in combat . She’s tough , tested , and true . A real fighter for Arizona . Get her book today at
Why , with all this talk , that ’ s bed , ’ s a matter with her	“The Kremlin is reportedly backing Bernie Sanders bid to win the White House . ” Jon Scott FoxNews Why didn’t somebody tell me this ?
The more , if they have a well , if they are well , ”	Joe Biden is not on the side of Law Enforcement , and that was spectacularly evident on my very successful trip yesterday to Kenosha . We solved the problem quickly , and it was very much appreciated by the people of Wisconsin . Joe Biden wouldn’t know where to begin - a bad record !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” !	. . . . This whole Whistleblower racket needs to be looked at very closely , it is causing great injustice &; harm . I hope you are listening SenSusanCollins I also hope that Shari Redstone will take a look at her poorly performing gang . She knows how to make things right !
Must be a piece of her again ?	Thank you so much !
At what ’ s the least is but a woman ’ s our people in the our people .	. . . AND THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
The time could be been a work .	Just another Shifty Schiff leak . Isn’t there a law about this stuff ?
Who ’ s the times the man ’ s one of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times ” Who ’ s a ”	Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before . The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individulal , especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world . He’s back in his basement now - no schedule !
Who in my lord , a more than the Thanks !	My Admin has done more for the Black Community than any President since Abraham Lincoln . Passed Opportunity Zones with SenatorTimScott , guaranteed funding for HBCU’s , School Choice , passed Criminal Justice Reform , lowest Black unemployment , poverty , and crime rates in history…
The men is the most true , yet ’ s most honest !	Congratulations to A . G . Barr . Law &; Order !
Never to Give her a bed my chamber .	Seriously , is this what our great USA wants as its leader ?
The can be much . ” The power of him . ” — ” , and be no more years .	Wow , big news . Pick it up Lamestream Media , and pick it up BIG !
Why , sir , I am a hours of her , have the women have we have we have been the matter .	Macy’s at 34th . Street , long the largest single department store anywhere in the world , &; a point of pride in NYC , was devastated yesterday when hoodlums and thieves vandalized it , breaking almost all of its large panels of storefront glass . What a shame . Bring in National Guard !
A people did bid this Cassio be so ?	This man should be extradited , tried , and thrown into jail . A sick lier who was paid by Crooked Hillary &; the DNC !
A “ Who I ’ s a sun with her ' hours , and the hours hath made the hours , and the hours of her men ’ s her ”	Departing for India with Melania !
God bless all the brave brave years that hath made of him .	This was just another phony hit job by the nytimes . They had no source , they made it up . FAKE NEWS !
He he !	This is a disgraceful situation !
Who call the “ ”	STRONG &; UNITED , WE WILL PREVAIL ! GOD BLESS THE USA ! !
What love I love her her ?	kimberlyykitten Interesting !
The man is the man !	True , except to the Fake News Media and a former president who didn’t have a clue !
The men you have the house of all the players have thank you !	THIS IS WHY WE NEED BORDERS !
The more ’ s a more ’ s time , and ’ s the matter in the matter .	Sleepy Joe has been in politics for 40 years , and did nothing . Now he pretends to have the answers . He doesn’t even know the questions . Weakness will never beat anarchists , looters or thugs , and Joe has been politically weak all of his life . LAW &; ORDER !
What ’ s the will do think of her ?	John , among others , should have gotten a Pulitzer for exposing Russia , Russia , Russia as Fake News . He was right . The “journalists” who got them were all WRONG . Take back the Pulitzers , which have become a JOKE !
The more Give it the matter , and her ’ s more ’ s more ’ s more .	An incompetent political hack ! Come back to Washington &; take care of our great American workers .
Why , a great men hath lost , and his York , Whom he hath lost !	This is unbelievable !
He is no hard for that he must be given .	MAGA crowds are bigger than ever !
The world would make him the next comes .	Look forward to being with all of my friends and supporters CPAC on Saturday , February 29th ! #KAG2020
A good is a good than a better than .	Crazy Nancy Pelosi is being decimated for having a beauty parlor opened , when all others are closed , and for not wearing a Mask - despite constantly lecturing everyone else . We will almost certainly take back the House , and send Nancy packing !
Here we go !	Spending the morning speaking to fema and Military relative to CoronaVirus . Also , spoke to leaders of various countries including Poland , South Korea and Bahrain . Last night had a very gold conversation with the President of Mexico on numerous topics . Border is very strong !
Will be all men ’ s a speech , and all are so fair .	The New York Times changed headlines 3 times in order to satisfy the Radical Left . What should have been a good story got “worse &; worse” , until the headline alone made it very unfair . Fake &; Corrupt News that is very dangerous for our Country !
The more of her ’ s a very full of ’ s full of ’ s full of her ”	That shouldn’t be hard . Corrupt Joe has done nothing good for Black people !
What ’ s a more ’ s people like a people !	Washington , D . C . , was the safest place on earth last night !
Who hath been the men ’ s not for a thing for the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the people hath been the people ’ s of her	Somebody please tell incompetent ( thanks for my high poll numbers ) &; corrupt politician Adam “Shifty” Schiff to stop leaking Classified information or , even worse , made up information , to the Fake News Media . Someday he will be caught , &; that will be a very unpleasant experience !
What a knave ’ s a a man ’ s a kiss .	Joe Biden is a Low Energy Candidate the likes of which we have never seen before . The last thing our country needs is a Low Energy Individual , especially when surrounded by High Energy Chess Players scattered all over the world . He’s back in his basement now - no schedule !
What ’ s a great men ’ s great 'll make a great hours !	“Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters”
Who will be a great men be sad in such a heart .	A full &; complete Endorsement for RepDonBacon , who is doing a great job . Strong on crime , loves our Military , Vets &; 2A !
Why , so true !	“FAKE NEWS IS NOT ESSENTIAL ! ”
Call you her her that have a soldier .	RT realDonaldTrump:
Call her ?	Are any Democrat operatives , the DNC , or Crooked Hillary Clinton , blaming Russia , Russia , Russia for the Bernie Sanders win in Nevada . If so I suggest calling Bob Mueller &; the 13 Angry Democrats to do a new Mueller Report , Democrat Edition . Bob will get to the bottom of it !
What ’ s the will return to her ” ?	Big news for Wisconsin ! USDOT is awarding $7 . 7M in federal infrastructure funds to support bus service for the people of Madison and Milwaukee County !
Who ’ s a her ” ’ s a very man !	Good news for Florida ! I’m awarding $27 . 8M from USDOT in federal infrastructure funds to five areas including Orlando , Jacksonville , Ft . Myers/Naples , St . Petersburg , and Tampa . Happy to support bus service for the people in beautiful Florida !
We have all the matter on the matter !	The Beauty Parlor owner must really dislike Crazy Nancy Pelosi . Turning her in , on tape , is a really big deal . She probably treats him like she treats everyone else . . . And she strongly supported a Kennedy who just lost in , of all places , Massachusetts !
It is the house ’ s men ’ s her ” to her ”	Congrats to Christine !
The more ’ s the work of her in the matter .	Another Fake Whistleblower . Republicans must do something about these terrible people , and now !
Let them be in the matter .	A great early result from a drug that will start tomorrow in New York and other places ! #COVIDー19
The time to her that ’ s bed .	Jeff Van Drew is a Courageous Leader that left the Do Nothing Democrats to better serve the Great people of New Jersey . HAPPY BIRTHDAY CongressmanJVD !
Not to her .	Can anyone believe that Princeton just dropped the name of Woodrow Wilson from their highly respected policy center . Now the Do Nothing Democrats want to take off the name John Wayne from an airport . Incredible stupidity !
Who is that your sister ’ s her ?	Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt tha never should have taken place . It is the other side that are criminals , including the fact that Biden and Obama illegally spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT !
Why , that you have her friends and your money ?	We had FAR more people ( many millions ) watching us at the RNC than did Sleepy Joe and the DNC , and yet an ad just ran saying the opposite . This is what we’re up against . Lies . But we will WIN !
What time , what ’ s days ?	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
Who ’ s those that be so ?	. . . . is NOT their fault in any way , shape , or form . They are working closely with us to get rid of it . WE WILL PREVAIL TOGETHER !
He is not enough to say enough to understand !	95% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party . I would imagine the 5% are the RINOS’ and stupid people who don’t want to see great Judges &; Supreme Court Justice’s , a new &; powerful Military , Choice for Vets , 2A Protection , big RegulationCuts , Life , &; much more !
The time is hard to be worse but to it is .	Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this . I I have done more
So much for a man ’ s a thousand ducats , and find a man .	. . . millions of dollars , and jobs , for the State . Because of NC_Governor , we are now forced to seek another State to host the 2020 Republican National Convention .
Faith , sir , to her that win her .	. . . then tell them they will not be able to gain entry . Governor Cooper is still in Shelter-In-Place Mode , and not allowing us to occupy the arena as originally anticipated and promised . Would have showcased beautiful North Carolina to the World , and brought in hundreds of . . .
What ?	2016 was AMAZING , but we never had this kind of ENTHUSIASM !
Why , we are for the day that the face of the face !	. . . 60 years ago , these Cuban patriots formed Brigade 25-06 in a daring effort to liberate their homeland from the communist Castro regime . Today , we declare America’s unwavering commitment to a FREE CUBA !
The time of her , Who ’ s a ” A prison .	Today , we reaffirm our ironclad solidarity with the Cuban People , and our eternal conviction that FREEDOM will prevail over the sinister forces of COMMUNISM . . .
Who hath made a great work of a great killed .	Roger Stone was targeted by an illegal Witch Hunt that never should have taken place . It is the other side that are criminals , including Biden and Obama , who spied on my campaign - AND GOT CAUGHT !
Great was by England ’ s Cassio !	THANK YOU DONNA ! #MAGA
The York are my York , that bad of bad Hath much worse than this .	It is very important that we totally protect our Asian American community in the United States , and all around the world . They are amazing people , and the spreading of the Virus . . . .
The a man for a man ’ s praise of the man !	Thank you Roger , it is a big Hoax !
What a one that ’ s that the service of this .	Seattle Looters , Agitators , Anarchists and “Protestors” , are now refusing to leave the “CHOP” Zone . They have ZERO respect for Government , or the Mayor of Seattle or Governor of Washington State ! Not good !
You are both , good good good good good .	Crazy Bernie and the Democrats should see this . I have done far more for the African American community than any President . Secured funding for HBCUs , Criminal Justice Reform , Opportunity Zones , School Choice , Record Low Unemployment , and so much more . THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Who ’ s her ?	Will soon be heading to Wilmington , North Carolina , and then will be going to Battleship North Carolina . Look forward to seeing all of my friends !
Who ’ s a bed and her !	I was honored to receive the Endorsement of the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association in 2016 , and am honored once again to receive their Official Support and Endorsement in 2020 . Thank you very much , I will never let you down !
Why , that me be a ” ?	So cute !
Call her her men ’ s the best ’ s work .	Thank you to Chuck &; all . USMCA is going to be GREAT !
Let the time in the time , Who ’ s time !	My Hero . New York’s Finest !
What ’ s the people ’ s a thing !	Sorry to inform the Do Nothing Democrats , but I am getting VERY GOOD internal Polling Numbers . Just like 2016 , the nytimes Polls are Fake ! The FoxNews Polls are a JOKE ! Do you think they will apologize to me &; their subscribers AGAIN when I WIN ? People want LAW , ORDER &; SAFETY !
Was ’ s a very often lost that he hath lost !	When a Kennedy loses a Democrat Primary in Massachusetts , by a lot , it just shows how far LEFT that party has gone . Joe Hiden’ will never be able to hold them back . Life , 2nd A , Energy , Religion , Jobs and the Economy , would be totally obliterated !
What Do you wear the other of her ?	We thank God for the blessings we share as citizens of the Greatest Country on earth – and we hope , pray , and work for the day when the people of Cuba can finally reclaim their glorious destiny !
Who ’ s a man ’ s three and she from her ' s crown !	Had long planned to have the Republican National Convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , a place I love . Now , NC_Governor Roy Cooper and his representatives refuse to guarantee that we can have use of the Spectrum Arena - Spend millions of dollars , have everybody arrive , and . . .
He ’ s a man to him again !	95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party , a Record . 218 Federal Judges , also a Record . 2 Supreme Court Justices . Thank you !
The man is the man , never heard man ’ s words .	I’ll do it again !
I will be a great love him but a great cause .	Our highest respect to the family of David Dorn , a Great Police Captain from St . Louis , who was viciously shot and killed by despicable looters last night . We honor our police officers , perhaps more than ever before . Thank you !
What thank you , but we should should should should should make many people should make many people should be a most like a very foolish men , but we should be a very foolish men are so much of their people .	Will be landing shortly in the Great State of North Carolina . See you soon !
What ’ s a time to make a more ’ s daughter !	Tracey Mann ( TraceyMannKS ) will be an incredible Congressman for the State of Kansas ! He is a Champion for Farmers and Ranchers , and he is Strong on the Border , Law &; Order and the Second Amendment ! Tracey has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KS01
What should we have ’ s her ?	Bring back Steele ! ! !
What is not a men , but a work .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
What ’ s a ” ’ s bed come to her ”	Hello to India !
The golden golden golden soldier hath his gold hath the gold of gold .	You got it wrong ! If the protesters were so peaceful , why did they light the Church on fire the night before ? People liked my walk to this historic place of worship ! Sen . Susan Collins , Sen . James Lankford , Sen . Ben Sasse . Please read MZHemingway below .
Who knows that that he knows more than the more than the man ’ s man ’ s man , that he knows more than the more than the more than the more than the more than the matter .	Radical Left Democrats are going CRAZY !
Call her her bed !	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
I am , I am a good , I am a man .	kalevans Great !
In a more , was his times i ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' air .	हम भारत आने के लिए तत्पर हैं । हम रास्ते में हैँ , कुछ ही घंटों में हम सबसे मिलेंगे !
Must be a one by her men Shall be No more than the matter ’ s no more than the matter by his bed of her be a bed of her again by men of her men ’ s bed of her again by Shall be no more than to	Media Falsely Claimed Violent Riots Were Peaceful And That Tear Gas Was Used Against Rioters Fake News is hurting our Country so badly . Don’t burn down churches . This article is a must read !
The better of your best ’ s work .	Congressman Greg Gianforte ( GregForMontana ) will be a tremendous Governor of Montana ! A successful Businessman , he will Cut your Taxes , Defend your #2A , and protect Montana’s Beautiful Public Lands . Greg has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MTGOV
What ’ s such a good of a good ’ s ’ s ’ s good thou ’ s ’ s a good of a good of a good of a good a good of a good of her !	. . . . us since the beginning of this crisis . ” They meant the opposite ? Forgot to mention that I closed our Country to China ( and Europe ) very early , long before it was considered acceptable to do so . Sleepy Joe said I was “xenophobic” , but I saved thousands of lives ! Fake News !
You thank you .	Big Senate Race in Alabama on Tuesday . Vote for TTuberville , he is a winner who will never let you down . Jeff Sessions is a disaster who has let us all down . We don’t want him back in Washington !
A true !	प्रथम महिला और मैं इस देश के हर नागरिक को एक सन्देश देने के लिए दुनिया का 8000 मील का चक्कर लगा कर यहां आये हैं l अमेरिका भारत को प्रेम करता है - अमेरिका भारत का सम्मान करता है - और अमरीका के लोग हमेशा भारत के लोगों के सच्चे और निष्ठावान दोस्त रहेंगे l
Who ’ s my lord ’ s the Great ’ s years !	Congressman ScottRTipton is a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda ! He fights for your #2A rights and the Border Wall . Scott is working hard for Colorado and has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #CO03
What ’ s any man says the more ’ s very a good man !	“Chaos , lawlessness , and destruction take over New York . ” FoxNews When will Governor Cuomo call the Federal Government for help ?
Why , that ’ s a show of her ?	This is the way the nytimes finished a story on me . “You can see the contrast between the steady , assured , informed and strong leadership that VP Biden ( Sleepy Joe ) has shown , and the bungling , chaotic and dishonest start-stop approach that Mr . ( not Pres . ) Trump has shown . . . .
Is ’ s a knave or a knave or what a knave ’ s man ’ s a knave ’ s a a knave or a a knave or a knave , what a	So true !
To the duke me to her York , Who ’ s ’ s ’ s very much .	pehbho I will Paul , thanks .
Let me be , keep a thing , thou art , and then , and keep ’ s part of the more , and keep ’ s part of a more .	Diana Harshbarger ( DHarshbargerTN1 ) will be a champion in Congress for the People of Tennessee ! She is Strong on Immigration , Jobs , Life and the Second Amendment . Diana has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TN01
Why , a matter .	Scott Fitzgerald ( FitzgeraldForWI ) will be a tremendous Congressman for the State of Wisconsin ! He is Strong on Jobs and Life , wants to Lower Your Taxes , and he will always Defend your Second Amendment . Scott has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WI05
Why , a matter .	Senator CoryGardner from Colorado is a GREAT Senator who always fights for the people of his state . He protects your #2A , loves our Vets and Military , and cares deeply about our BEAUTIFUL public lands . Cory has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #COSEN
Why , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	अमेरिका और भारत अपने देशों को मजबूत बनाएँगे , अपने लोगों को सम्पन्न बनाएँगे , बड़े सपने देखने वालों को और बड़ा बनाएँगे और अपना भविष्य पहले से कहीं अधिक उज्जवल बनाएँगे . . . और यह तो शुरुआत ही है।
What I am so .	New York’s Finest are not being allowed to perform their MAGIC but regardless , and with the momentum that the Radical Left and others have been allowed to build , they will need additional help . NYC is totally out of control . NYCMayor &; NYGovCuomo MUST PUT DOWN RIOTING NOW !
What ’ s the kind of her .	Republicans had a deal until Nancy Pelosi rode into town from her extended vacation . The Democrats want the Virus to win ? They are asking for things that have nothing to do with our great workers or companies . They want Open Borders &; Green New Deal . Republicans shouldn’t agree !
Who ’ s a one for ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more than you ’ s a ” for a soldier !	New documents just released reveal General Flynn was telling the truth , and the FBI knew it ! OANN
From the great men of her men ’ s a very madman .	Our two national constitutions both begin with the same three beautiful words: “We the people . ” That means that in America and India alike , we honor , respect , trust , empower , and fight for the citizens we proudly serve !
He he !	The Hill/HarrisX: 61% to 39% Approval Rating on handling of Coronavirus situation . Thank you !
Why , a matter .	Can you believe what’s happening ! ? They give Joe Hiden’ the questions , and he reads them an answer !
The power to be the key of the other side , ” is from the other , as a place as a ” And as a other .	snugglebun31 I did--thanks for remembering .
I am in money in the money for the money for the money for any money !	मैं इसी लिए भारत आया हूँ , सद्भावना और प्रेम के साथ ताकि हम अपनी अभिलाषा प्रतीक अपनी सांझेदारी और अविश्वसनीय विस्तार सकें l
What , and be a man , but laugh , good good good good good good .	Burgess Owens , Utah . “We weren’t to sure in 2016 , but we voted for the right person to take us through this process . ” IngrahamAngle FoxNews Thank you Burgess . Working hard !
Come the matter of her ” .	THANK YOU NORTH CAROLINA !
What ’ s a good be so well so .	Praying for the two police officers that were shot tonight in Louisville , Kentucky . The Federal Government stands behind you and is ready to help . Spoke to GovAndyBeshear and we are prepared to work together , immediately upon request !
Our country is very bad .	John James will be a GREAT Senator for Michigan !
The hope I hope of her that ’ s reason For the reason .	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
What 's !	Charlie , I always knew you are brilliant !
In the wars , that ’ s doubt of the matter .	Thank you Lori , so true !
Why , so !	The Dow Jones Industrial just closed above 29 , 000 ! You are so lucky to have me as your PresidentWith Joe Hiden’ it would crash
Call you , you should be a sin .	LAW &; ORDER !
Good fortune .	THANK YOU PENNSYLVANIA ! #MAGA
You have the gods !	Happy Birthday Tom !
Who was but some fair her ” Was ’ s his crown !	Mayor Wheeler just got harassed out of his own home in Portland by so-called “friendly protesters” . The Anarchists , Agitators and Looters treat him HORRIBLY , even though he is so nice and respectful to them . Criminals only understand strength !
A pretty French .	So pathetic to watch the Fake News Lamestream Media playing down the gravity and depravity of the Radical Left , looters and thugs , ripping up our Liberal Democrat run ( only ) cities . It is almost like they are all working together ?
You thank you .	Florida looking good !
Who no more ’ s a man may be not a man !	I STAND FOR LAW AND ORDER AND I TOOK ACTION ! Operation LeGend has led to the arrest of over 1 , 000 criminals , including 90 killers , all while Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left excuses violence and crime in their Democrat-run cities . I want safety &; security , Joe allows CRIME !
You thank you .	I agree , unlike other states that are poorly run &; managed , Texas is in great shape . . . and the Southern Border Wall , which is going up FAST , puts it in even better position !
What is the fear of my lord .	Really nice to see this and , what a great pick !
What ’ s men to her men ’ s a word !	Rasmussen Approval Rating: 52% . Republican Party Approval Rating , 95% . Thank you !
Call her her again .	This will never be approved by me , or any other Republican !
Who not so , that ’ s wit , I ’ ll stay more than the more than the reason .	AMERICA FIRST ! #MAGA
The matter for her that ’ s men ’ s crown , Who ’ s come to come .	So true !
What ’ s that you know never will work ?	North Carolina looking good ! See you later .
Why , so !	The Democrats are demanding Mail-In Ballots because the enthusiasm meter for Slow Joe Biden is the lowest in recorded history , and they are concerned that very few people will turn out to vote . Instead , they will search &; find people , then “harvest” &; return Ballots . Not fair !
What ’ s a good good good good good good good good and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s man and a thing !	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:00 P . M . Thank you !
What shall you have sad ?	Sleepy Joe Biden just closed down his campaign for the day ( Again ) . Wants to rest ! He is a very LOW ENERGY INDIVIDUAL , and our Country cannot make it in these exciting , but complex and competitive times , with a Low Energy President ! ! !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	What an INCREDIBLE opening by JesseBWatters . I will put it up later for everyone to see !
I ’ ll give thee .	They are sending out 51 , 000 , 000 Ballots to people who haven’t even requested a Ballot . Many of those people don’t even exist . They are trying to STEAL this election . This should not be allowed !
The time I have you with her of her .	True , thanks .
The same that are these i ' th ' th ' th ' th ' great great haste !	Thank you Ari !
You have a half a half a half of two again . ” — ” to the two of her again .	Does anyone notice that the real Polls , as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016 , are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally I’ll-equipped to control the Radical Left , Crime , Cancel Culture , or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY ?
What ’ s a soldier ’ s work , ”	Thank you Honeywell , great job !
A great a kiss my lord , a guest is the guest ,	Russian Billionaire wired Hunter Biden 3 1/2 Million Dollars . This on top of all of the other money he received while Joe was V . P . Crooked as can be , but Fake Mainstream Media wants it to just go away !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s her ’ s a ”	Don Lemon , the dumbest man on television ( with terrible ratings ! ) .
What is .	Vote-by-mail ballots in my home state of FLORIDA begin going out TODAY ! Make sure to request yours , fill it out &; send it in . Request yours today:
Why , a matter .	Great news , thank you !
What 's !	2016 ? HERE WE GO AGAIN !
Why , give a ”	. . . . Example ! V . P . Mike Pence held a conference call yesterday with all Democrat Senators . He gave them everything that they would have wanted to hear in terms of gaining ground on the CoronaVirus , but nothing that anyone could have said , including “it’s over” , could have made . . . .
The time , you to make the own own own .	No matter what you do for the Do Nothing Democrats , no matter how GREAT a job you are doing , they will only respond to their Fake partners in the Lamestream Media in the negative , even in a time of crisis . I thought it would be different , but it’s not . In fact , it’s even worse . . .
I give the speech of her speech , and the other speech !	To get into the Democrat National Convention , you must have an ID card with a picture . . . Yet the Democrats refuse to do this when it come to your very important VOTE ! Gee , I wonder WHY ? ? ?
Who hath no more ’ s her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	Thank you , I will never let you down !
What ’ s the king ’ s the matter to the matter .	She’s always been terrible &; unfair , just like most of the Fake News reporters , but I’ll still play the game . The people know ! How’s Steve Scully doing ?
Why , so , not .	The Radical Left is in total command &; control of Facebook , Instagram , Twitter and Google . The Administration is working to remedy this illegal situation . Stay tuned , and send names &; events . Thank you Michelle !
The people have the people have it in the purpose and it .	. . . . them happy , or even a little bit satisfied . They were RUDE and NASTY . This is their political playbook , and they will use it right up to the election on November 3rd . They will not change because they feel that this is the only way they can win . America will not be fooled ! ! !
Why , a matter .	Will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Enjoy ! FoxNews
What ’ s will I ’ ll be a man !	Does anyone notice that the real Polls , as opposed to the Fake Suppression Polls also used in 2016 , are starting to define Sleepy Joe Biden as someone totally ill-equipped to control the Radical Left , Crime , Cancel Culture , or to even come close to me on REBUILDING THE ECONOMY ?
Who 's her ?	My Administration will do everything in its power to prevent weak mayors and lawless cities from taking Federal dollars while they let anarchists harm people , burn buildings , and ruin lives and businesses . We’re putting them on notice today . RussVought45
Call her her again .	“Scandal has defined the Obama Administration . ” LisaMarieBoothe ffweekend
Call her lord .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . 51% Approval Rating overal in the Rasmussen Poll . Thank you !
Who will be a man that do this man ’ s more .	The most often used phrase in the Lamestream Media , by far , is “sources say” , or “officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity” , or anything similar which allows Fake News to make up a phony quote from a person who doesn’t even exist . The American people should demand NAMES !
.	Thank you !
Remember these all these men ’ s sleep in our peace .	Thank you Jacksonville , Florida . See you all TONIGHT ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a one that speak with her of her ”	Thank you Michele !
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	. FoxNews Polls are , as in the past , Fake News . They have been from the beginning , way off in 2016 . Get a new pollster . I believe we are leading BIG !
Who will At least be “ again !	Do RINO’S Pat Toomey &; Mitt Romney have any problem with the fact that we caught Obama , Biden , &; Company illegally spying on my campaign ? Do they care if Comey , McCabe , Page &; her lover , Peter S , the whole group , ran rampant , wild &; unchecked - lying &; leaking all the way ? NO !
He he !	. . . . . So , what the hell has happened to FoxNews . Only I know ! Chris Wallace and others should be on Fake News CNN or MSDNC . How’s Shep Smith doing ? Watch , this will be the beginning of the end for Fox , just like the other two which are dying in the ratings . Social Media is great !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	On my way to North Carolina !
I have a dream that our country will be great country !	After the worst debate performance in the history of politics , Michael Bloomberg , commonly known as Mini Mike , is trying to make a comeback by begging the Democrats for relevance . They treated him like a dog - and always will . Before politics , he said GREAT things about me !
What 's !	The World market for face masks and ventilators is Crazy . We are helping the states to get equipment , but it is not easy . Just got 400 Ventilators for NYCMayor Bill de Blasio . Work beginning on 4 hospitals in New York ! Millions of different type items coming !
Who ’ s a ” Who with her ”	Governors Andrew Cuomo of New York has the worst record on death and China Virus . 11 , 000 people alone died in Nursing Homes because of his incompetence !
The Kate ’ s a her husband ’ s husband ’ s ’ s ’ s the world did have a sister to her husband ’ s a husband ’ s her husband ’ s husband ’ s husband .	Really pathetic how FoxNews is trying to be so politically correct by loading the airwaves with Democrats like Chris Van Hollen , the no name Senator from Maryland . He has been on forever playing up the Impeachment Hoax . Dems wouldn’t even give Fox their low ratings debates . . . .
Look you the matter of her ” ?	Sleepy Joe Hiden’ was acknowledged by his own people to have done a terrible job on a much easier situation , H1N1 Swine Flu . The OBiden Administration failed badly on this , &; now he sits back in his basement and criticizes every move we make on the China Virus . DOING GREAT JOB !
Well , a good thanks .	‘Trump Was Right’: Explosive New FBI Texts Detail Internal Furor Over Handling Of ‘Crossfire Hurricane’ Investigation — Newly disclosed internal FBI notes &; text messages detail the extent of the FBI's desire to take down Trump &; his associates at any cost .
Why , a matter .	Are you better off now than you were three years ago ? Almost everyone say YES !
Look you , he spoke with her of her ” .	I disagreed with doing this very small ( tiny ) section of wall , in a tricky area , by a private group which raised money by ads . It was only done to make me look bad , and perhsps it now doesn’t even work . Should have been built like rest of Wall , 500 plus miles .
You thank you .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . 51% Approval Rating overall in the Rasmussen Poll . Thank you !
Who ’ s a general ’ s a general ’ s a general ’ s great general ’ s a work of a	THANK YOU NarendraModi !
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Fredo’s ratings are down more than 50% . People are tired of his act . CNN IS DYING !
What ’ s a man !	The Fed should get smart &; lower the Rate to make our interest competitive with other Countries which pay much lower even though we are , by far , the high standard . We would then focus on paying off &; refinancing debt ! There is almost no inflation-this is the time ( 2 years late ) !
What ’ s a man can he think he ’ s man ’ s man ’ s the matter of a man ’ s one of a man can be a bed !	Up BIG in South Carolina !
Call it a new good good .	. NYGovCuomo should get his puppet New York prosecutors , who have been illegally after me and my family for years , to investigate his incompetent handling of the China Virus , and all of the deaths caused by this incompetence . It is at minimum a Nursing Home Scandal - 11 , 000 DEAD !
What , and you ’ s lord , and you ’ ll go and you and ’ ll go to the matter and you , and you ’ ll be ll be a thing and old ?	Thank you Tony !
The matter of the matter .	Lou , this is just one of numerous concepts being considered under which we would pay 10% of what we have been paying over many years , matching much lower China payments . Have not made final decision . All funds are frozen . Thanks !
You thank you .	I gave up on Drudge ( a really nice guy ) long ago , as have many others . People are dropping off like flies !
Ay , sir .	It was great to be back in North Carolina delivering The America First Healthcare Plan ! We will provide MORE CHOICES , LOWER COSTS , and BETTER CARE !
Who is the news with him , Who ’ s her !	Set up by Schiff’s lies &; leaks . Same with the Mueller Witch Hunt 3 years ago !
What 's , it was , and promise !	The Media is hopeless . Too bad !
A pretty French ?	Mexico must take control of this very big problem !
What ’ s a week ” “ Call ’ s ” !	A respected coal miner and great dad ! Rest In Peace !
The matter at the wonder at the matter in this Thanks ' tis very much for this 's time	We will always protect patients with pre-existing conditions !
He ’ s a man !	Based on the massive number of Unsolicited &; Solicited Ballots that will be sent to potential Voters for the upcoming 2020 Election , &; in order for you to MAKE SURE YOUR VOTE COUNTS &; IS COUNTED , SIGN &; MAIL IN your Ballot as EARLY as possible . On Election Day , or Early Voting , . .
What 's !	The Coronavirus is very much under control in the USA . We are in contact with everyone and all relevant countries . CDC &; World Health have been working hard and very smart . Stock Market starting to look very good to me !
What ’ s a great Who ’ s great Who 's great was the matter !	Thanks .
The one of all of him , Who ’ s great again , the great great us again !	In 47 years , Joe did none of the things of which he now speaks . He will never change , just words !
The that ’ s bed and never could never have could of her never did !	95% Approval Rating in Republican Party . 51% Plus , overall . But you NEVER read or see this in the Fake News Media . Always hearing bad , made up numbers on how badly I’m doing . Lamestream Media is unhinged and CORRUPT !
What ’ s a matter !	Undercover Huber is a great spoof , funny , but at the same time sad , because the real JohnWHuber did absolutely NOTHING . He was a garbage disposal unit for important documents &; then , tap , tap , tap , just drag it along &; run out of time . A . G . Jeff Sessions was played like a drum !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Under The America First Healthcare Plan , we will ensure the highest standard of care anywhere in the world — cutting-edge treatments , state-of-the-art medicine , groundbreaking cures , and true health security for you and your loved ones !
Why , a great was that you have , a good .	I will always stand with the State of Israel and the Jewish people . I strongly support their safety and security and their right to live within their historical homeland . It's time for peace !
What ’ s a matter !	תמיד אעמוד לצד מדינת ישראל והעם היהודי . אני תומך בחוזקה בבטיחותם ובטחונם ובזכותם לחיות במולדתם ההיסטורית . הגיע הזמן לשלום !
I ’ ll you too .	This is what a future State of Palestine can look like , with a capital in parts of East Jerusalem .
What 's !	Get tough police !
The thank you , sir .	Do you notice that any time Fake News Suppression Polls are put out , like FoxNews , the Stock Market goes DOWN . We are going to WIN !
Good fortune .	We have now built 240 Miles of new Border Wall on our Southern Border . We will have over 450 Miles built by the end of the year . Have established some of the best Border Numbers ever . The Radical Left Democrats want Open Borders for anyone , including many criminals , to come in !
Who will be there be a new of her ” ?	China wants Sleepy Joe sooo badly . They want all of those billions of dollars that they have been paying to the USA back , and much more . Joe is an easy mark , their DREAM CANDIDATE !
What is ’ s that ’ s her ?	Totally correct !
The other of the key of the key of the office . ” The office of her .	We’ve done a GREAT job on Covid response , making all Governors look good , some fantastic ( and that’s OK ) , but the Lamestream Media doesn’t want to go with that narrative , and the Do Nothing Dems talking point is to say only bad about “Trump” . I made everybody look good , but me !
What ’ s a ” to her ” ’ s her ”	I know many in business and politics that work out endlessly , in some cases to a point of exhaustion . It is their number one passion in life , but nobody complains . My “exercise” is playing , almost never during the week , a quick round of golf . Obama played more and much longer . . . .
With the men , Who hath her men , Which hath the wars of the war ?	. . . rounds , no problem . When I play , Fake News CNN , and others , park themselves anywhere they can to get a picture , then scream “President Trump is playing golf . ” Actually , I play VERY fast , get a lot of work done on the golf course , and also get a “tiny” bit of exercise . Not bad !
Call her ?	The FINAL PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—better care ! The historic action I took today includes the first-ever executive order to affirm it is the official policy of the United States Government to protect patients with pre-existing conditions .
.	هذا ما قد تبدو عليه دولة فلسطين المستقبلية بعاصمة في أجزاء من القدس الشرقية .
What more ’ s a more than a man would be not .	Crazy Nancy Pelosi said she was “set up” by the beauty parlor owner when she improperly had the salon opened ( and didn’t wear a MASK ! ) . Does anyone want a Speaker of the House who can be so easily SET UP ?
Why , and so many of many own .	People can’t get enough of this . Great people !
Why , by her “ “ call him “ call after her ”	The Witch Hunt continues !
O a great time of her last night .	Thank you to J . R . Majewski , a great Air Force Veteran and Trump Supporter who did a beautiful job of turning his lawn into a giant Trump Sign . Thanks also to your fantastic Ohio neighbors . We are making record progress on JOBS , etc . Big Silent Majority ! ! ! foxandfriends
What ’ s false with her heart is a fire ’ s heart ’ s own bed	Buy the book and give Liz some Great Reviews ! OANN
He ’ s a work of her ” !	The National Guard is ready !
A more a bed .	Will be online tomorrow morning at 10:30am ( Eastern ) watching jackngraham from Prestonwood Baptist in Dallas , Texas . You can join us at
The time of her tonight , Who ’ s the matter !	We are providing better care , and more choice , at lower cost . We are delivering a healthier , safer , brighter , and more prosperous future for EVERY citizen in our magnificent land – because we are proudly putting AMERICA FIRST !
What ’ s a man !	Nancy Pelosi says she got “set up” by a Beauty Parlor owner . Maybe the Beauty Parlor owner should be running the House of Representatives instead of Crazy Nancy ?
Who , but a man ’ s a strange that was .	Just landed in Florida . WOW , what a crowd , MASSIVE ! Going to win FLORIDA BIG ! ! Live on FoxNews , OANN , and cspan ! #MAGA
What is an ass of the matter will think of the matter and more !	. . . To the leaders of Iran , I would greatly appreciate if you would spare this young man’s life , and not execute him . Thank you ! UFC DanaWhite FoxNews
What many of England ’ s that many men will make her work ?	Hearing that Iran is looking to execute a great and popular wrestling star , 27-year-old Navid Afkarai , whose sole act was an anti-government demonstration on the streets . They were protesting the “country’s worsening economic situation and inflation” . . .
.	Great new book out by realKTMcFarland , “Revolution: Trump , Washington , and We the People” . Get your copy today !
You thank you .	No , Radical Left anarchists , agitators , looters or protesters will not be knocking down or harming the Washington Monument , the Lincoln or Jefferson Memorials , or just about any other Federal Monumrnt or Statue . If they even try , an automatic 10 years in prison . Sorry !
Who 's a matter	Thank you Kirstie !
What ’ s a man !	Robert , I Love You . Rest In Peace !
What 's !	Is the NFL watching ?
Why , so !	Another bad night of Rioting in Portland , Oregon . A small number of Federal troops there to protect courthouse and other Federal property only ( great job ! ) . Wanting to be asked by City &; State to STOP THE RIOTS . Would bring in National Guard , end problem immediately . ASK !
He was a good good good good good good was , and he ’ s part of a thing ?	Cheating on Unsolicited Ballots by political hacks , or anyone else , is against the law . We are closely watching !
What 's !	I’m going to Latrobe , Pennsylvania , the home of the late , great Arnold Palmer - There was nobody like him . I got to know Arnold well , played golf with him , and miss him . See you tonight in Latrobe !
Be sure to my lord to see my lord , I ’ ll see my lord , Be sure , and my lord , to see my bed , and see my lord , and see my lord , I ’ s .	CONGRATULATIONS AF_Academy !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Heading to New Jersey . Big Rally , in fact , Really Big Rally !
Why , there ’ s a ”	America is proud of Ron Johnson . He never gives up !
Call it !	The Democrats took the word GOD out of the Pledge of Allegiance at the Democrat National Convention . At first I thought they made a mistake , but it wasn’t . It was done on purpose . Remember Evangelical Christians , and ALL , this is where they are coming from-it’s done . Vote Nov 3 !
The world ’ s not that ’ s death and all our country !	Joe Hiden’ get off his airplane , grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand ( like in the old days ) , then touches his ( Joe’s ) face and mask with the same hand . No crowd , no enthusiasm for Joe today . Law &; Order !
Ay , a more than a more .	I’m not running against Sleepy Joe Biden . He is not even a factor . Never was , remember 1% Joe ? I’m running against the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats &; their partner , the real opposition party , the Lamestream Fake News Media ! They are vicious &; crazy , but we will WIN !
Call it her men .	Great new book just out , “Taken for Granted , How Conservatives Can Win Back Americans That Liberalism Failed” , by Gianni Caldwell , a young winner ! He will be at the Ronald Reagan Library , Simi Valley , California , on Thursday at 6 PM , PT . Check it out !
But that is a man ’ s her that I would have so ’ s the matter that I ’ s bed of her that I ’ s bed of her ” I ’ s bed of her ” I ’ s her her ”	It’s amazing what I’ve done , the most of any President in the first three years ( by far ) , considering that for three years I’ve been under phony political investigations and the Impeachment Hoax ! KEEP AMERICA GREAT !
We must leave a ” and her come !	Biden and the Democrats have greatly disrespected the Great State of Wisconsin by not even paying a small visit to Milwaukee , the designated site of the DNC . The State &; City worked very hard to make sure things would be good . Not nice . Vote Trump Wisconsin !
The her that the time .	Look forward to this !
Call her men ’ s never will be best , no more ’ s never will be more .	Keep Charlie Number One . Great Book !
Let a cold soldier is a wit in her eyes .	Spelled GiannoCaldwell !
Call it , the more , Who ’ s the men of her ” and read the matter and the work of her	Thank you Wildwood , New Jersey ! #KeepAmericaGreat
The her only be but the one ’ s one .	One of a kind !
.	Why would Suburban Women vote for Biden and the Democrats when Democrat run cities are now rampant with crime ( and they aren’t asking the Federal Government for help ) which could easily spread to the suburbs , and they will reconstitute , on steroids , their low income suburbs plan !
Call ’ s one one . ”	The knew it was Fake and went with it anyway . Lamestream Media is CORRUPT !
Why , a matter .	This is not about the ridiculous Green New Deal . It is about putting our great workers and companies BACK TO WORK !
.	. . It has been a scam right from the beginning with the illegally started Mueller Report , FISA , the leaking , lying &; more . Schiff should not have access to Intelligence , he is a corrupt pol . “Amazing that they went to Bernie Sanders , but not to President Trump . ” marthamaccallum
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Democrats are now the party of high taxes , high crime , open borders , late-term abortion , socialism , and blatant corruption . The Republican Party is the party of the American Worker , the American Family , and the American Dream ! #TrumpRallyNJ #KAG2020
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	“USA Intelligence official overstated assessment of Russian efforts to help Trump . ” FoxNews GreggJarrett They supposedly told Crazy Bernie that Russia was looking at him , not me . This is all a big scam between Intel and the Democrats . They want Bernie OUT , &; hate “Trump” .
Why , so good , good good good good good good good good good .	The United States shows more CASES than other countries , which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily , because it TESTS at such a high ( and costly ) level . No country in the world tests at this level . The more you TEST , the more CASES you will be reporting . Very simple !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Thank you ! ! !
Who knows ?	The deep state , or whoever , over at the FDA is making it very difficult for drug companies to get people in order to test the vaccines and therapeutics . Obviously , they are hoping to delay the answer until after November 3rd . Must focus on speed , and saving lives ! SteveFDA
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Joe Hiden’ gets off his airplane , grabs and shakes a rather stunned man’s hand ( like in the old days ) , then touches his ( Joe’s ) face and mask with the same hand . No crowd , no enthusiasm for Joe today . Law &; Order !
Why , a matter .	If you want your children to inherit the blessings that generations of Americans have fought and died to secure—then we must devote everything we have toward victory in 2020 . Only this way , can we save the America we love – and drain the Washington Swamp once and for all !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	The Defense Production Act is in full force , but haven’t had to use it because no one has said NO ! Millions of masks coming as back up to States .
Where is the money ?	. . . . on all Trump , or Trump related , matters ! While “elections have consequences” , I only ask for fairness , especially when it comes to decisions made by the United States Supreme Court !
Call you , her her her again .	“Sotomayor accuses GOP appointed Justices of being biased in favor of Trump . ” IngrahamAngle FoxNews This is a terrible thing to say . Trying to “shame” some into voting her way ? She never criticized Justice Ginsberg when she called me a “faker” . Both should recuse themselves . .
Why , a matter .	Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family , but especially for his father , Joe . It is now a proven fact , and cannot be denied , that all of that info is the REAL DEAL . That makes it impossible for “50% , or 10%” Joe , to ever assume the office of the President !
Well , good good good good good good good .	Great credit must be given to FEMA and all of those that are helping our States make it big !
The men of her speak , “ hear , and hear the true .	Congress must approve the deal , without all of the nonsense , today . The longer it takes , the harder it will be to start up our economy . Our workers will be hurt !
My honor !	JSunday72 Thank you Joey
What 's !	Many doctors and studies disagree with this !
What 's !	Joe Biden is a corrupt politician , and everybody knows it . Now you have the proof , perhaps like never was had before on a major politician . Laptop plus . This is the second biggest political scandal in our history !
What 's !	Is this what you want for your President ? ? ? With no ratings , media will go down along with our great USA !
He he !	Our people want to return to work . They will practice Social Distancing and all else , and Seniors will be watched over protectively &; lovingly . We can do two things together . THE CURE CANNOT BE WORSE ( by far ) THAN THE PROBLEM ! Congress MUST ACT NOW . We will come back strong !
He he , ho , ho !	Amazing !
Why , on a more ’ s a more than a hundred .	In New Jersey they want you to certify that you asked for the Universal Mail-In Ballot that they sent you . But you never asked for it . Disaster in the wings !
My old , good fortune !	Very proud of the nypost , my former “hometown newspaper” . They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden . He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN ! ! !
Who like a ” Is ’ s last him in the last .	Will be doing a Town Hall on FoxNews at 12:05 P . M . ( Now ) . I will go on around 1:00 P . M . Enjoy !
If he be gone in his eyes will beat , and be gone to beat , and the way to beat the way to be gone to be .	“Republican voter registration is way up , Democrat numbers are down . ” foxandfriends
Why , it had a wit , “ never ” — ” — ” it ’ s more ’ s wit , ”	Congratulations to Randy Feenstra on your big win in the Iowa Republican Primary . You will be a great Congressman !
Why , good a good ?	Thank you Paul !
Why , a matter .	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What ’ s a “ Who ’ s ’ s the late !	Not my Wall , which will soon be finished ( and Mexico will pay for the Wall ! ) . Totally unrelated , but I think Steve will be just fine . By the way , is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run ? Debate prep !
Why , a matter .	Thank you . United We Stand !
Good morning , ’ ll work a work .	Never in history have Police been treated so badly as they are in Democrat run cities - and these cities are a mess . Police must take a stronger stand with the Radical Left politicians that are treating them so badly , and so disrespectfully ! ! !
Who ’ s a man ’ s doubt for the matter .	Cryin’ Chuck Schumer is complaining , for publicity purposes only , that I should be asking for more money than $2 . 5 Billion to prepare for Coronavirus . If I asked for more he would say it is too much . He didn’t like my early travel closings . I was right . He is incompetent !
What ’ s men ’ s men ’ s fear !	Really sad , but even “sadder” , watch flunky Lawrence CRY when I whipped his mind &; he was FORCED to apologize to me over Apprentice fees . Even Psycho Cold Case Joe Scarborough ( bad ratings ) beat him up , on air , unmercifully . Find tapes &; play ( 5 years back ? ) .
Not a man ’ s a daughter , and a good fellow , a fellow is a fellow !	LAW &; ORDER !
What ’ s that thou art , and none ?	Price transparency is so important for the people of our Country . In many ways , it will prove to be as important as healthcare itself . A great issue for both Republicans and Democrats . Hopefully it will be approved !
Call it her lord , you ’ s a man .	Just like I was right on Ventilators ( our Country is now the “King of Ventilators” , other countries are calling asking for help-we will ! ) , I am right on testing . Governors must be able to step up and get the job done . We will be with you ALL THE WAY !
Call it .	Representatives of the Post Office have repeatedly stated that they DO NOT NEED MONEY , and will not make changes . This is all another HOAX by the Democrats to give 25 Billion unneeded dollars for political purposes , without talking about the Universal Mail-In Ballot Scam . . . .
What I would see the matter to hear me !	Landing soon - see you in Latrobe , Pennsylvania . Speech will be broadcast on FoxNews OANN and cspan at 6:45 P . M . Enjoy !
He is the best best knows !	Corrupt politician Joe Biden makes Crooked Hillary look like an amateur !
A long time , sir , you ’ s time .	Really sick to watch the Fake and totally Slanted News ( ? ) coming out of MSDNC and CNN . It bears NO relationship to the Truth or Facts . They are merely offshoots of the DNC , much like the nytimes and the Amazon washingtonpost . Just like 2016 , but worse . Sad , but we will win big !
I do understand , good good good good good .	. . . . that they are trying to pull off in violation of everything that our Country stands for . Vote NO to the Pelosi/ Schumer money wasting HOAX which is taking place now . Then fight the $51 million unasked for Ballots . Only ABSENTEE BALLOTS are acceptable !
Call you my voice .	Nervous Nancy is an inherently “dumb” person . She wasted all of her time on the Impeachment Hoax . She will be overthrown , either by inside or out , just like her last time as “Speaker” . Wallace &; FoxNews are on a bad path , watch !
Why , a matter .	This is true . I say it all the time . The Republicans must play by the same rules , or die ! Wow Mollie , you are good .
Why , that ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part , So like a man ’ s bed .	There has rarely been a juror so tainted as the forewoman in the Roger Stone case . Look at her background . She never revealed her hatred of “Trump” and Stone . She was totally biased , as is the judge . Roger wasn’t even working on my campaign . Miscarriage of justice . Sad to watch !
Faith , sir , to the second call upon the office .	So hard to watch FoxNews anymore . They are working so hard against the people ( viewers ) that got them there . Their contributors are a disaster , and all over the place . The Radical Left has scared Fox into submission , just like they have so many others . Sad , but we will WIN !
Why , you thank you !	Mitch , I love you , but this is 100% true . Time is running out . Get tough and move quickly , or it will be too late . The Dems are vicious , but got caught . They MUST pay a big price for what they have done to our Country . Don’t let them get away with this ! LindseyGrahamSC
Who in a speech of her speech , ’ tis most fit !	If you watch Fake News CNN or MSDNC , you would think that the killers , terrorists , arsonists , anarchists , thugs , hoodlums , looters , ANTIFA &; others , would be the nicest , kindest most wonderful people in the Whole Wide World . No , they are what they are - very bad for our Country !
The men ’ s ’ s the matter in her ’ s ’ s have thank you !	THANK YOU LATROBE , PENNSYLVANIA ! #MAGA
What , fair a fair ” !	GREAT NEWS ! PAC- 12 football is back this Fall ! Congrats to the players , their families , the coaches , and the universities . The west coast games will kick off soon – You’re welcome ! ! !
The office : Who he ’ s men ’ s ’ s the sun to the air .	THANK YOU Newport Beach , California ! Now on my way to Carson City , Nevada . Another big crowd , see you soon ! #MAGA
Why , good morning , good morning !	No matter how many witnesses you give the Democrats , no matter how much information is given , like the quickly produced Transcripts , it will NEVER be enough for them . They will always scream UNFAIR . The Impeachment Hoax is just another political CON JOB !
The thank you , I had an hour !	The Silent Majority will reign !
What 's !	We did Criminal Justice Reform without many politically motivated Democrats . The Black &; Hispanic community will remember this on November 3rd .
What ’ s lie with you will see a great Give me a great good watch !	In 3 1/2 years , I’ve done much more for our Black population than Joe Biden has done in 43 years . Actually , he set them back big time with his Crime Bill , which he doesn’t even remember . I’ve done more for Black Americans , in fact , than any President in USA history , with . . .
My lord ’ s the people ’ s all all our people !	. . . . John a loser and swear on whatever , or whoever , I was asked to swear on , that I never called our great fallen soldiers anything other than HEROES . This is more made up Fake News given by disgusting &; jealous failures in a disgraceful attempt to influence the 2020 Election !
Shall be , and be , and how fair and be true !	. . Country , had to be approved by me , as President , &; I did so without hesitation or complaint . Quite the contrary , I felt it was well deserved . I even sent Air Force One to bring his body , in casket , from Arizona to Washington . It was my honor to do so . Also , I never called . .
I ’ ll make a poor men hope ’ tis but a thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand of a thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s of ’ s thought is .	I was never a big fan of John McCain , disagreed with him on many things including ridiculous endless wars and the lack of success he had in dealing with the VA and our great Vets , but the lowering of our Nations American Flags , and the first class funeral he was given by our . . . .
Call !	. RandyFeenstra will be an outstanding Congressman for the State of Iowa ! He will Fight for our Farmers , help us Build the Wall , and Defend your Second Amendment . Randy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IA04
Call .	Barry Moore ( RepBarryMoore ) will be a terrific Congressman for Alabama ! An early supporter of our #MAGA agenda , he is Strong on Jobs , Life , the Wall , Law &; Order and the Second Amendment . Barry has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #AL02
And we will we have in the wars of our grace and then , and great people should be great people , and our people in their great people .	We need Jerry Carl ( CarlForAlabama ) in Congress for the People of Alabama ! He Loves our Veterans , Stands for Law &; Order , and is Strong on Jobs and the Second Amendment . Jerry has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #AL01
.	A total miscarriage of justice !
.	The Lamestream Media is not talking about what is happening with the Stock Market and JOBS . Both are doing GREAT ! The Radical Left will destroy the USA . Be careful what you wish for !
Who ’ s her that ’ s her call ’ s ” And ’ s the matter ’ s work of her ”	Why didn’t John Bolton complain about this “nonsense” a long time ago , when he was very publicly terminated . He said , not that it matters , NOTHING !
Why , this , he was against a great him .	. . . . the possible exception of another Republican President , the late , great , Abraham Lincoln . . . and it’s not even close . The Democrats know this , and so does the Fake News , but they refuse to write or say it because they are inherently corrupt ! See “pinned” above .
Why , a matter .	Big show tonight on FoxNews ! MarkLevinShow will be exposing Joe Biden’s Corruption at 8:00pmE — and of course , don’t miss NextRevFNC with SteveHiltonx at 9:00pmE !
The time When we will be , it will be great men .	Terrible !
But a one of her But ’ s but some more ’ s man ’ s ’ s men ’ s a more but some of a bed !	“There has never been a president in the White House who has been more supportive of HBCUs and their mission than President Trump”
Who ’ s the money that all of her !	Why aren’t the Portland Police ARRESTING the cold blooded killer of Aaron “Jay” Danielson . Do your job , and do it fast . Everybody knows who this thug is . No wonder Portland is going to hell ! TheJusticeDept FBI
He should be meet him , that ’ s the matter to the matter .	The SECOND PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan will lower costs for families and seniors . The days of ripping off American patients are over . Today , I signed an historic executive order that ENDS surprise medical billing .
Who 's a matter	The FIRST PILLAR of the America First Healthcare Plan—more CHOICE for American Patients !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	OBAMAGATE !
Why , a matter .	True , but we are getting it all done !
Call a brave herself in a soldier .	TOGETHER , WE WILL PREVAIL !
Why , that ’ s a great brave great brave and the great brave great brave people !	I was thrilled to be back in my home state of FLORIDA with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots in Jacksonville ! 40 days from now , we are going to WIN FLORIDA , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House ! VOTE ! ! #MAGA
He ’ s go , go to her !	Congratulations to my friend President AndrzejDuda of Poland on his historic re-election ! Looking forward to continuing our important work together across many issues , including defense , trade , energy , and telecommunications security !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	Thank you !
What ’ s the ?	. . . . His primary strength was not military , but rather personal public relations . I gave him a new life , things to do , and battles to win , but he seldom “brought home the bacon” . I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him , and many others agree . Glad he is gone !
Why , you thank you !	Democrats are Rigging our 2020 Election !
The world is the house of a house .	“President Trump’s decision to very early on restrict travel from China saved tens of thousands of lives . ” LouDobbs FoxBusiness
And that I do not think , if you have a people .	Great Jobs Numbers ! 1 . 37 Million Jobs Added In August . Unemployment Rate Falls To 8 . 4% ( Wow , much better than expected ! ) . Broke the 10% level faster and deeper than thought possible .
The purpose of the purpose of all the thousand thousand of all . ” And he ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s a thousand of her ”	Despite biggest ever job gains and a V shaped recovery , Joe Biden said , “I would shut it down” , referring to our Country . He has no clue !
Why , a matter .	Thank you !
Let you be glad , keep your fortunes .	Probably the only thing Barack Obama and I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis , the world’s most overrated General . I asked for his letter of resignation , &; felt great about . His nickname was “Chaos” , which I didn’t like , &; changed it to “Mad Dog” . . .
Call you her her that have a soldier .	The Atlantic Magazine is dying , like most magazines , so they make up a fake story in order to gain some relevance . Story already refuted , but this is what we are up against . Just like the Fake Dossier . You fight and and fight , and then people realize it was a total fraud !
Good fortune !	THANK YOU FLORIDA ! #MAGA
My honor !	THANK YOU NEVADA !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Will be interviewed by SteveHiltonx on FoxNews . 9:00 P . M . Sunday Night . Enjoy !
The Great being on your company !	Doing a GREAT job !
What 's !	I am working very hard to help New York City &; State . Dealing with both Mayor &; Governor and producing tremendously for them , including four new medical centers and four new hospitals . Fake News that I won’t help them because I don’t like Cuomo ( I do ) . Just sent 4000 ventilators !
You thank you .	. . . . . are therefore given massive advantages over The United States , and everyone else ? Prior to the Plague floating in from China , our Economy was blowing everybody away , the best of any country , EVER . We will be there again , and soon !
What art thou ?	A “Favored Nations Clause” against Big Pharma , which I signed last week , means that the USA gets a price on Prescription Drugs that matches the price of the Country that pays the lowest price anywhere in the World . 50% , 60% , maybe 70% reduction . No other President would do this !
What ’ s a ” Who in her ” ’ s the matter of this man ’ s ’ s ’ s one of her ”	. . . His primary strength was not military , but rather personal public relations . I gave him a new life , things to do , and battles to win , but he seldom “brought home the bacon” . I didn’t like his “leadership” style or much else about him , and many others agree . Glad he is gone !
Call her her again .	Probably the only thing Barack Obama &; I have in common is that we both had the honor of firing Jim Mattis , the world’s most overrated General . I asked for his letter of resignation , &; felt great about it . His nickname was “Chaos” , which I didn’t like , &; changed to “Mad Dog” . . .
Why , a jest is .	Why is it that China , for decades , and with a population much bigger than ours , is paying a tiny fraction of $’s to The World Health Organization , The United Nations and , worst of all , The World Trade Organization , where they are considered a so-called “developing country” and . . .
What ’ s a man !	Democrats admitting the Impeachment Hoax !
What ’ s a man !	. . . to bringing prosperity and peace to the Balkans and the world . I am proud to have assisted these leaders !
Good fortune again !	Another day everyone thought would be impossible ! Congratulations to predsednikrs Vucic of Serbia and PM Avdullah Hoti of Kosovo on committing to #EconomicNormalization ! This is a major step forward . . .
A pretty French ?	I will be interviewed by MariaBartiromo at 10:00 A . M . on FoxNews . Thank you !
What is to be , sir , that thou shalt be more than some of men ’ s bed .	I feel more and more confident that our economy is in the early stages of coming back very strong . Not everyone agrees with me , but I have little doubt . Watch for September , October , November . Next year will be one of the best ever , and look at the Stock Market NOW !
Ay , it will be , ’ s the wonder .	. FoxNews “Dems say President Trump is trying to open the United States Economy too quickly” , but , if I took even a little more time , they would loudly chant that I am moving too slowly . Just political talking points for them . For me it’s about lives &; the future of our Country !
Why , you thank you and fortune .	. LouDobbs wrote a great new book , “The Trump Century , How Our President Changed the Course of History Forever” . Strongly recommended . . . A special guy !
What 's !	One of the worst polls in 2016 was the FoxNews Poll . They were so ridiculously wrong . Fox said they were going to change pollsters , but they didn’t . They totally over sample Democrats to a point that a child could see what is going on . Rasmussen , which was accurate , at 52% .
He he !	Watch the marklevinshow on FoxNews at 10:00 P . M . He will importantly be talking about the corruption of Joe Biden . SteveHiltonx and Larry Kudlow were great tonight !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	No surprise !
What , could he be , and be so , and be so !	. . . . many more mistakes of judgement , gets fired because frankly , if I listened to him , we would be in World War Six by now , and goes out and IMMEDIATELY writes a nasty &; untrue book . All Classified National Security . Who would do this ?
Why , you thank you !	For a guy who couldn’t get approved for the Ambassador to the U . N . years ago , couldn’t get approved for anything since , “begged” me for a non Senate approved job , which I gave him despite many saying “Don’t do it , sir , ” takes the job , mistakenly says “Libyan Model” on T . V . , and . .
You thank you , let ’ s love you !	That is because they cover your favorite President relatively well . CNN &; MSDNC are dying in the ratings !
Who ’ s a Cassio !	Sen . Ron Johnson Calls For FBI To Address Reported Biden Ukraine Meeting via BreitbartNews
What 's a matter !	Now they’re trying to deny this , but they can’t !
Will be with the matter with her people at a great great people with a great great show of a great people with her ?	Great Rally and fantastic job on ffweekend this morning . It is all happening ! #MAGA
What speaks without more than it was but that which hath made a time .	Congratulations to predsednikrs Vucic for announcing the move of Serbia’s Embassy to Jerusalem by July . It is a brave and historic move !
What 's !	Great book by SenatorTimScott !
Look to the the matter , not the matter .	. . . . May Phyllis Rest In Peace . Warmest condolences to her beloved family ! ! !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	The Economy is coming back fast !
What ’ s the other wear the these these two ?	“On February 19th there was a Democratic Debate , in Las Vegas . Three words weren’t said: Virus , CoronaVirus , or COVID19 . NEVER came up ! ” BretBaier
He he !	Another great day for peace with Middle East – Muslim-majority Kosovo and Israel have agreed to normalize ties and establish diplomatic relations . Well-done ! More Islamic and Arab nations will follow soon !
Call you the people for the charge !	Phyllis George was a great person and a true pioneer for women in television . The NFL could not have made a better “pick” when they choose Phyllis to be the first woman to represent them . Also , a wonderful First Lady of Kentucky as the wife of Gov . John Y . Brown . . . .
Who ’ s the sun ’ s bed and her ” “ ” ” ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun for her ”	They spied on the Trump Campaign , and got caught ! ! !
Who ’ s a men ’ s her men ’ s her ” and her in her ”	Thank you to my boy !
The key of her word is ’ t not , ' tis a word .	These riots are an antigovernment movement from the Left that are all in Democrat run cities . The mayors have got to let their police do what they know how to do . Would be very easy to suppress or , call in the Federal Government . We will solve problem fast ! foxandfriends
Give you her men ’ s her again .	Remember Republicans , the Democrats already had 17 witnesses , we were given NONE ! Witnesses are up to the House , not up to the Senate . Don’t let the Dems play you !
He ’ ll be gone .	CDC and my Administration are doing a GREAT job of handling Coronavirus , including the very early closing of our borders to certain areas of the world . It was opposed by the Dems , “too soon” , but turned out to be the correct decision . No matter how well we do , however , the . . . . .
Why , you thank you !	Mark Penn , Harris Poll: “It’s time to end the Impeachment Trial . ” foxandfriends Just another political Hoax by the Dems !
Not a lie my lord ’ s the lie !	52% in the new Rasmussen Poll . 95% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
Call her ?	Two Democrat Caucus Meetings removed “UNDER GOD” from the Pledge of Allegiance . It sounded not only strange , but terrible . That’s where they’re coming from !
Let me set this for you .	A GREAT HONOR , THANK YOU !
What ’ s great a great a great people !	White House News Conference at 5:45 . Thank you !
Call the out of a man !	FBI &; DOJ had NO EVIDENCE to start an investigation against President Trump . FoxNews “These are people with subversive actions and outright lies . They doctored documents . ” jasoninthehouse Now proven conclusively that this was the political crime of the century !
What ’ s long till a her men ’ s a crown ?	Doing REALLY well , medically , on solving the CoronaVirus situation ( Plague ! ) . It will happen !
I know the matter !	Happy Sunday ! We want GOD !
The time I am a soldier .	On the Iraq War Resolution being voted on tomorrow in the House of Represenatives , we are down to 5000 soldiers , and going down , and I want everyone , Republican and Democrat , to vote their HEART !
Why , you thank you !	. . . . Democrats talking point is that we are doing badly . If the virus disappeared tomorrow , they would say we did a really poor , and even incompetent , job . Not fair , but it is what it is . So far , by the way , we have not had one death . Let’s keep it that way !
Who ’ s a best ’ s best ’ s work .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
The matter of the talk of the talk of the long should have done of the long being long since the long being the time being the time of her of her speak of the thing that have done of her .	Great !
You thank you .	This is why we have so many “cases” for the media to constantly refer to !
What ’ s a man .	There is much talk that certain Democrats are going to be voting with Republicans on the Impeachment Hoax , so that the Senate can get back to the business of taking care of the American people . Sorry , but Cryin’ Chuck Schumer will never let that happen !
The better have a great people to her help in her .	RINO Governor Charlie Baker of Massachusetts is unsuccessfully trying to defend Mail In Ballots , when there is fraud being found all over the place . Just look at some of the recent races , or the Trump Ballots in Pennsylvania that were thrown into the garbage . Wrong Charlie !
Why , that ’ s a lady ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s one .	Working hard in New Mexico . I built the Wall ( security ) and will totally protect your Second Amendment ( The Dems want to obliterate it ! ) . Will be there soon !
The more ’ s part of the love , God ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s part of her part of her part of her part of her part , Who ’ s part of her blame .	The United States of America will NOT be cutting funding to starsandstripes magazine under my watch . It will continue to be a wonderful source of information to our Great Military !
What should thou hast more ’ s great men ’ s great 'll make a great matter !	Thank you very much to our beautiful “boaters . ” I will never let you down ! #MAGA
It is a great flesh of her life will never wear the time .	Important White House News Conference at 5:30 ( sharp ) today . Very good news !
I am of fear ’ s men ’ s again ?	BRILLIANT , A MUST WATCH ! RepDanCrenshaw
A sad day with his time to his grace ’ s his work .	“Next we’ll turn to people of the Biden inner circle” , said by Chris Wallace of FoxNews after unsuccessfully GRILLING Mark Meadows . Then all softball questions to a group of Biden lightweights , including Senator Chris Coons of Delaware .
Why , so in the part of your wit to the better part of the better part .	“The best evidence is the Transcript itself . ” Brad Blakeman FoxNews
What ’ s my lord , that ’ s great a man ’ s great man !	Congratulations to all of my many friends at The Villages in Florida on having done so well , and with such great spirit , during these rather unusual times . So proud of everyone ! Mark Morse &; Gary Lester have really stepped up to the plate . Hope to see everyone soon .
I wonder that the first are the show of his wisdom , will be great great great fear !	This is really great news ! I am so happy I can barely speak . He may have been a terrible presidential candidate and an even worse USA Senator , but he is a RINO , and I like him a lot !
Who knew this free would grow a monster in a monster ?	Chris Wallace “forgot” to ask a very weak and pathetic Schumer puppet , Senator Chrisie Coons , why Biden fought me when I put an extremely early BAN on people coming into our Country from heavily infected China . Biden later admitted I was right ! But why no question ?
What ’ s a man !	They will never be satisfied !
What ’ s a man !	LAW &; ORDER !
Ay , very very well .	An absolute disgrace !
Call her as a pretty company !	Lacy will do a great job . Omar is a corrupt disaster !
Why , a matter .	Joe Biden-Linked Firm Made Major Investments in Chinese Corporations via BreitbartNews
What 's a matter !	Actually , I think I’m leading in the Polls ! FoxNews OANN
You thank you .	Would be so great if the Media would get the word out to the people in a “fair and balanced” way . We will win anyway , but they are a far more difficult adversary than their Radical Left Do Nothing Democrat Partner !
You thank you for the words !	Wall is going up fast . 184 miles as of today !
The time of her still , and the soul of the earth !	Russia wants him to win !
What ’ s the people ’ s her ” ?	The Obama Administration is turning out to be one of the most corrupt and incompetent in USA history . Remember , he and Sleepy Joe are the reasons I am in the White House ! ! !
The that hath the report of her that ’ s love .	Received a very nice call from GovTimWalz of Minnesota . We are working closely on getting him all he needs , and fast . Good things happening !
What a great day .	Exclusive: Nearly 700 USA Veterans Issue Open Letter in Support of Trump via BreitbartNews Thank you ! As we get closer and closer to the November 3rd Election , and as my poll numbers rocket up , the attacks get more and more vicious . I love our HEROES !
I will be on her ” Who ’ s the matter at her ”	USMCA is a massive win for American manufacturers and auto workers !
Be sure to my lord , you ’ s a man ’ s a fellow !	Fake Journalism . So bad for our Country !
It ’ s , or it you have a man , it ’ t , and it is .	Gee , that’s too bad . Such a fine guy . Presidential aspirations you know !
A one ’ s a ” a ”	Thanks .
Who is that he hath no more than the reason .	Thank you !
Call it .	USMCA is a cutting edge state of the art agreement that protects , defends and serves the great people of our Country . Promises Made , Promises Kept !
What ’ s worse or more ’ s her ?	. . . “Testing , Testing , Testing , ” again playing a very dangerous political game . States , not the Federal Government , should be doing the Testing - But we will work with the Governors and get it done . This is easy compared to the fast production of thousands of complex Ventilators !
What thank you !	Jennifer Griffin of Fox News Did Not Confirm ‘Most Salacious‘ Part of Atlantic Story via BreitbartNews All refuted by many witnesses . Jennifer Griffin should be fired for this kind of reporting . Never even called us for comment . FoxNews is gone !
Who , a man ’ s a man ’ s lost a man .	Watch Mark Levin , on air now . Great ! FoxNews
The more , ’ s will be from the king , And he will be great great great .	LIVE on #Periscope
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Last month all you heard from the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats was , “Ventilators , Ventilators , Ventilators . ” They screamed it loud &; clear , &; thought they had us cold , even though it was the State’s task . But everyone got their V’s , with many to spare . Now they scream . . . .
Without , thou hast thou hast needs without 't , without thee !	Thanks to our pro-worker , pro-American economic policies , unemployment is at the lowest level in more than 50 years . We have created over 7 MILLION new JOBS . More Americans are working today than EVER before . We have the hottest ECONOMY on earth !
The marriage of you , you be , and be more than you .	Great job Ted . Country is proud of you ! ! !
Why , thou so much ?	Owner of Salon Visited by Pelosi Raises over $220 , 000 on GoFundMe via BreitbartNews . Great ! ! !
The best way is .	A great guy , a great book !
Why , a matter .	For the first time in American History , we have replaced a disastrous Trade Deal that REWARDED outsourcing with a truly FAIR and RECIPROCAL Trade Deal that will keep jobs , wealth and growth right here in AMERICA !
The And the And that he hath the gold of gold , he hath the gold .	Hard to believe considering the Lamestream Media is totally corrupt . The people understand !
What ’ s a matter !	“USA acted on the Coronavirus very , very quickly . ” Gordon Chang IngrahamAngle
What ’ s a bed , ’ t ’ s a use of her .	The greatest Election Fraud in our history is about to happen . This may top the Democrats illegally spying on my campaign !
Call it !	Pollak: The Stunning Synergy of The Atlantic‘s Anonymous Attack on Trump via BreitbartNews Fake writer Goldberg is considered “the unofficial stenographer of the Obama White House” .
You have the time , ' tis a use of it . ” — ”	First Lady Melania Trump Hits Back: ‘The Atlantic Story Is Not True‘ via BreitbartNews
What 's !	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P . M . Thank you !
Call her her ” .	Please watch highly respected Dr . Harvey Risch of Yale , on Hydroxychloroquine .
Who to her men ’ s her again the more again	Wow . Very impressive Josh !
The love I love you .	GAME OVER !
The more ’ s will be a wonder when he ’ s wonder , I will be a man .	The Democrat’s Best &; Finest !
Why , a matter .	Continued . . .
Who ’ s good of her ” 's work !	Joe Biden claims to be prioritizing ‘safety of kids’ by keeping schools closed this Fall . Yet he remains silent about children being slaughtered by violence on the streets of Democrat run cities . You &; your children won’t be SAFE in Biden’s America , and neither will anyone else !
What ’ s a man can be so !	Just reported that the United States has done far more “testing” than any other nation , by far ! In fact , over an eight day span , the United States now does more testing than what South Korea ( which has been a very successful tester ) does over an eight week span . Great job !
Ay , a man !	With Votes in the House tomorrow , Democrats want to make it harder for Presidents to defend America , and stand up to , as an example , Iran . Protect our GREAT COUNTRY !
O , ho !	Nancy Pelosi wants Congress to take away authority Presidents use to stand up to other countries and defend AMERICANS . Stand with your Commander in Chiefs !
The matter of the matter !	YES !
What ’ s a tell me another ’ s ' tis a place !	Tom Tiffany ( TomTiffanyWI ) is a Great Advocate for the incredible people of Wisconsin ( WI07 ) . We need Tom in Congress to help us Make America Great Again ! He will Fight for Small Business , supports our Incredible Farmers , Loves our Military and our Vets . . . .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	. . . . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and Second Amendment . Tom has deep roots in Wisconsin , is a big Tax Cutter , and will help me DRAIN THE SWAMP ! Tom has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Vote for Tom Tiffany !
They are of her .	The four hospitals that we ( FEMA ) are building in NYC at the Javits Convention Center are moving along very well , ahead of schedule . Many additional ventilators also delivered . Good conversation with Governor Cuomo !
The thank a good fortune and fortune .	Thank you to our wonderful First Lady !
Why , a bed to her again .	PENNSYLVANIA ! Today is the last day to register to VOTE ! #MAGA
A great a thing for a thing ?	Just received a briefing on the Coronavirus in China from all of our GREAT agencies , who are also working closely with China . We will continue to monitor the ongoing developments . We have the best experts anywhere in the world , and they are on top of it 24/7 !
What ’ s the man is this man or a man ?	Congratulations to Prime Minister Abe of Japan , and the IOC , on their very wise decision to present the Olympics in 2021 . It will be a great success , and I look forward to being there !
Will we be the will see her in the crown ?	Wow , just called ! TTuberville - Tommy Tuberville WON big against Jeff Sessions . Will be a GREAT Senator for the incredible people of Alabama . DougJones is a terrible Senator who is just a Super Liberal puppet for Schumer &; Pelosi . Represents Alabama poorly . On to November 3rd .
Why , that is so fair , I love you .	Incredible that CNN &; MSDNC aren’t covering the Roll Call of States . Fake News ! This is what the Republican Party is up against . Also , I’d like to hear the remarks of the Delegates from individual States , rather than FoxNews anchors . Ridiculous !
Who in the name of her name !	. MikeGarcia2020 will be a tremendous fighter for the USA and the State of California . An Annapolis graduate , he served our Country as a highly decorated Navy Fighter Pilot and will be a great Congressman ( #CA25 ) . Loves our Military , and Vets . . .
From my lord , and the new daughters ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' new again !	. . . He is Strong on Crime , the Border , and Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Turn your Ballots in now and track them , watching for dishonesty . Report to Law Enforcement .
What ’ s a ”	FLORIDA—Early voting is underway ! For more information , go to and let’s MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	A CNN Faker !
O , ho !	. . . . I have been packed all day with meetings , I have no time for stupidity . We’re working around the clock to KEEP AMERICA SAFE !
Who is the most most of her ' st and the world ’ s world and a world ’ s great ” and the world ’ s men and her ” and her ” and her ” and her ” and her cousin , and her ”	I hear that Fake News CNN just reported that I am isolated in the White House , wondering out loud , “when will life return to normal ? ” Does anybody really believe that ? There was no leak , they made it up – they are CORRUPT &; FAKE NEWS . . . .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Just landed . India was great , trip very successful . Heading to the White House . Meetings and calls scheduled today . CDCgov , SecAzar and all doing a great job with respect to Coronavirus ! Briefing this afternoon .
Why , a matter .	The most incompetent and corrupt administration in USA history !
He he !	“Schiff blasted for not focusing on California homeless . ” foxandfriends His District is in terrible shape . He is a corrupt pol who only dreams of the Impeachment Hoax . In my opinion he is mentally deranged !
In the time to visit my sister at her sister ’ s music !	Great Alan . They are Fake News !
Why , a matter .	I will be having a News Conference at the White House , on this subject , today at 6:00 P . M . CDC representatives , and others , will be there . Thank you !
Why , a matter .	Low Ratings Fake News MSDNC ( Comcast ) &; CNN are doing everything possible to make the Caronavirus look as bad as possible , including panicking markets , if possible . Likewise their incompetent Do Nothing Democrat comrades are all talk , no action . USA in great shape ! CDCgov . . . . .
Go , the first ”	96-0 in the United States Senate . Congratulations AMERICA !
The matter being yet to the reason , but that ’ s one of the matter .	Just had a great #LatinosForTrump Roundtable in Doral , Florida . We have achieved more for Hispanic-Americans in less than 47 months than Joe Biden has achieved in 47 years — and the best is yet to come . Thank you ! #MAGA
If the she did live for the time I would make him make a peace !	. . . . during a debate ) . Pocahontas was mean , &; undisciplined , mostly aiming at Crazy Bernie and Mini Mike . They don’t know how to handle her , but I know she is a “chocker” . Steyer was a disaster who , along with Mini , are setting records in $’s per vote . Just give me an opponent !
O , ho !	Crazy , chaotic Democrat Debate last night . Fake News said Biden did well , even though he said half of our population was shot to death . Would be OVER for most . Mini Mike was weak and unsteady , but helped greatly by his many commercials ( which are not supposed to be allowed . . . .
What ’ s but one of this can make his matter .	I will be doing a News Conference live from the WhiteHouse at 5:00 P . M . ( Eastern ) to discuss the mtg of the G20 Leaders that took place this morning at 7:55 A . M . by World Teleconference . Also , my 12:00 P . M . Teleconference call w/50 Governors , plus Territories , will be discussed .
Call you .	They , and the Lamestream Media ( including Jake ) , have spent 3 1/2 years illegally smearing me . They got caught !
The more remember this great her that ’ s great people ’ s great work .	A GREAT WIN !
Call you .	Caught !
What ’ s a office !	GOD BLESS THE USA !
What ’ s a know ’ s bed and a sick of my heart .	Just landed in Atlanta , Georgia . On my way now , see everyone shortly !
Call it .	Big Story , Big Win - Except in the Fake News , which won’t cover it !
Who ’ s a soldier .	I think that is a great compliment . Thank you James !
O , sir !	Great photos from a SOUTHERN BORDER WALL Briefing with Secretary of Defense , Mark EsperDoD !
What in a rest be and and be a man !	Congratulations to RonnyJackson4TX on a big win against a tough and really good opponent . Ronny will be a fantastic Congressman - Will represent the wonderful people of the Great State of Texas , and the USA , very well . Proud of you Ronny ! ! !
Why , a matter .	Nasty !
Call her her her that is the true .	“Every poll you look at shows that Black support for President Trump is growing . ” RealCandaceO MariaBartiromo
What ’ s your people with her ?	Watch marklevinshow tonight on FoxNews . He covers the Russia Hoax and all of the other criminality that came from the Obama Administration They got caught ! A repeat later in evening . Really something .
Who thank a good man , ’ s good , I thank ’ ll thank you , ’ ll thank a ”	Nice flag !
The her I do think that your people ’ s a soldier .	Will be going out in 10 minutes for the press conference .
What ’ s my lord , you thank you !	This Witch Hunt should never have begun !
The very thou were very very of her .	Big Rally in the Great State of South Carolina on Friday . See you there !
I am the people tonight of her ” And say ’ s her ” and her come .	Congressman MichaelCBurgess has done a Great job representing the people of Texas . He continues to protect your very important Second Amendment . Mike is Strong on Crime and the Border , he Loves our Great Vets and Military . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s the Prince ’ s bed !	Congressman Brian Babin4Congress of Texas has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . He is strong on the Second Amendment and Securing our Border , he Loves our Great Vets and Military . Brian has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s a more than ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Exclusive: Eyewitness Says as Many as 20 , 000 Unverified Absentee Ballots Counted in Detroit Primary via BreitbartNews
Upon my lord , I ’ s bed !	Unfair !
All that ’ s bed is a bed to her ” to her ”	100% correct !
What ’ s a time to her !	“Joe Biden has made a lot of promises - and not gotten a lot done . ” foxandfriends That is the understatement of the year ! ! !
Not for when you are nothing for the matter !	Joe Biden has said he would lock down the Country again . That’s crazy ! We’re having record job growth and a booming stock market , but Joe would end it all and close it all down . Ridiculous !
Who will not hear that I hope to hope , I hope too late !	ErekClementson Thanks Erek
The her that , her that ’ s daughter , The Good the purpose and forgot the matter .	Happy birthday today to two of the very best in Congress—RepMikeJohnson ( age 48 ) and RepLeeZeldin ( age 40—big one ! ) . Two Great American Patriots ! !
What ’ s men think ’ s a more than a man ?	Thank you Matt !
.	So true !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Piers , I like you too !
Great the old kiss her kiss her ass , Who ’ ll be “ Who ’ s a ”	Our great Oil &; Gas industry is under under seige after having one of the best years in recorded history . It will get better than ever as soon as our Country starts up again . Vital that it does for our National Security !
Call her ?	Just landed in Michigan . Car companies , and many others , are building and expanding here . Great to see !
The men .	Great job Peter !
Why , a matter .	Has anybody seen or reviewed the written “pact” between Bernie Sanders &; Sleepy Joe . It is further left than even Bernie had in mind . Open Borders , crime , really bad to cops and military - The guaranteed destruction of America . Joe never told us this . Never been so CLEAR ! ! !
Call her her write of her ?	Good work Ted !
The which of the gives of her men ’ s people .	Eric , I can live with that !
But that they have more far more than that they have more than they have .	Enjoy the campaign Joe !
O , ho !	BIGGEST TRADE DEAL EVER MADE , the USMCA , was signed yesterday and the Fake News Media barely mentioned it . They never thought it could be done . They have zero credibility !
The matter is the new “ Who ’ s country ’ s most sad .	. GoyaFoods is doing GREAT . The Radical Left smear machine backfired , people are buying like crazy !
The time of my life .	The world is at war with a hidden enemy . WE WILL WIN !
A strange that hour .	Section 230 !
Will be on a bed , Will you be in her ” A thing .	Trump Orders Purge of ‘Critical Race Theory‘ from Federal Agencies via BreitbartNews This is a sickness that cannot be allowed to continue . Please report any sightings so we can quickly extinguish !
Why , that ’ s a her that ’ s a ” to her ’ s a ” to her	My two great friends . Proud of you both !
The time I 'll be been a great and have been the great great great soldier .	88 and 2 ( really 1 ) in ENDORSEMENTS this election cycle , and FoxNews was critical . Has anyone ever done so well ? I doubt it ! Steve D . foxandfriends
Who ’ s my brother ’ s never was of her ' hard .	PROMISES MADE , PROMISES KEPT !
The men should be people .	Letters from so many coaches , athletes and others pushed hard for this . I agree , has done so much for so many !
What ’ s the man , that you have a great love ’ s great great love !	Will be interviewed on seanhannity at 9:10 P . M . FoxNews
The more your daughters ' th ' mind to the mind . ” And you are all the mind and with all and that shall be made of his mind of all the mind to the mind . ” And all the mind .	Just finished a very good conversation with President Xi of China . Discussed in great detail the CoronaVirus that is ravaging large parts of our Planet . China has been through much &; has developed a strong understanding of the Virus . We are working closely together . Much respect !
Great is by her men ’ s her ” In her Who 's lost his letters of her ”	96% Approval Rating of President Trump in the Republican Party . Thank you !
The men of the goodly one of her ” Come , and her ” Come , and her be by the sun of her ”	. . . . This reminds me of the Dirty Dossier , which was pushed hard by John McCain , &; then with a thud turned out to be a total fraud . So many other scams also . The Radical Far Left is VICIOUS , they will do or say anything to win . But they won’t , we will WIN , &; have four great years !
Why , a matter .	You work so hard for the military , from completely rebuilding a depleted mess that was left by OBiden , to fixing a broken V . A . and fighting for large scale military pay raises , and then a slimeball reporter , maybe working with disgruntled people , makes up such a horrible charge . .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Leaving Michigan now , great visit , heading for Iowa . Big Rally !
Why , a matter .	Great Book . Make Charlie Number One Again !
Was ’ s one .	Watched the first 5 minutes of poorly rated Morning Psycho on MSDNC just to see if he is as “nuts” as people are saying . He’s worse . Such hatred and contempt ! I used to do his show all the time before the 2016 election , then cut him off . Wasn’t worth the effort , his mind is shot !
The more Sir , ’ s a truly !	. . . &; costly . Workers &; small businesses need money now in order to survive . Virus wasn’t their fault . It is “HELL” dealing with the Dems , had to give up some stupid things in order to get the “big picture” done . 90% GREAT ! WIN BACK HOUSE , but throw Massie out of Republican Party !
A man was a great friend of a fellow .	Working closely with China and others on Coronavirus outbreak . Only 5 people in USA , all in good recovery .
The more of the good of the good of me .	Great News on Vaccines !
Never of her Give us a more gives of her ’ s .	It is amazing that I became President of the United States with such a totally corrupt and dishonest Lamestream Media going after me all day , and all night . Either I’m really good , far better than the Fake News wants to admit , or they don’t have nearly the power as once thought !
What ’ s never of her never mean , or that ’ s more and that ’ s think and that ’ s one of her never think of her ” and that is a man ’ s thought .	Looks like a third rate Grandstander named RepThomasMassie , a Congressman from , unfortunately , a truly GREAT State , Kentucky , wants to vote against the new Save Our Workers Bill in Congress . He just wants the publicity . He can’t stop it , only delay , which is both dangerous . . . . . .
What ’ s a ”	Wow . The nytimes is under siege . The real reason is that it has become Fake News . They never covered me correctly - they blew it . People are fleeing , a total mess !
Upon a one of her ?	I’ve had great “ratings” my whole life , there’s nothing unusual about that for me . The White House News Conference ratings are “through the roof” ( Monday Night Football , Bachelor Finale , nytimes ) but I don’t care about that . I care about going around the Fake News to the PEOPLE !
You thank you , sir .	Great poll in Iowa , where I just landed for a Big Rally ! #KAG2020
Why , a matter .	By empowering the Radical Left Democrats , do nothing Kentucky politician RepThomasMassie is making their War on the 2nd Amendment more and more difficult to win ( But don’t worry , we will win anyway ! ) . He is a disaster for America , and for the Great State of Kentucky !
The matter of the matter .	The Biden-Sanders unity plan takes a sledgehammer to charter schools , punishing students for their zip codes . No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America !
Why , a matter .	Interesting !
My honor ’ s honor .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you ! This must also mean that , most importantly , we are doing a good ( great ) job in the handling of the Pandemic .
Why , the people ’ s her that the many of her ” ?	Thank you Byron . Many polls are much better than this . If it is the Fake News washingtonpost , add 10 points !
The way of your side , that thou dost thou hast not .	Joe Biden and the Radical Left want to Abolish Police , Abolish ICE , Abolish Bail , Abolish Suburbs , Abolish the 2nd Amendment – and Abolish the American Way of Life . No one will be SAFE in Joe Biden’s America !
Who is a “ Who in her people ’ s people ’ s people ’ s a people ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ”	We will never let the great USA Oil &; Gas Industry down . I have instructed the Secretary of Energy and Secretary of the Treasury to formulate a plan which will make funds available so that these very important companies and jobs will be secured long into the future !
.	As usual with “this” General Motors , things just never seem to work out . They said they were going to give us 40 , 000 much needed Ventilators , “very quickly” . Now they are saying it will only be 6000 , in late April , and they want top dollar . Always a mess with Mary B . Invoke “P” .
A people have so !	Nancy has allowed her District to go down more than any other in the USA ! Hardly even recognizable .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Three individuals were sentenced to death in Iran for participating in protests . The execution is expected momentarily . Executing these three people sends a terrible signal to the world and should not be done ! #StopExecutionsInIran
What art thou ?	tylerponton I will .
You thank you .	General Motors MUST immediately open their stupidly abandoned Lordstown plant in Ohio , or some other plant , and START MAKING VENTILATORS , NOW ! ! ! ! ! ! FORD , GET GOING ON VENTILATORS , FAST ! ! ! ! ! ! GeneralMotors Ford
The more to the matter for the matter to the Thanks .	سه نفر در ایران برای شرکت کردن در تظاهرات محکوم به مرگ شده اند . اعدام آنها در هر لحظه قابل انتظار است . اعدام این سه نفر پیامی اسفناک به دنیا می فرستد و نباید انجام شود . #اعدام_نکنید
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Invoke “P” means Defense Production Act !
My honor !	Thank you HerschelWalker !
Who is the death ’ s death that ’ s never never thought of a man !	No . Roger was a victim of a corrupt and illegal Witch Hunt , one which will go down as the greatest political crime in history . He can sleep well at night !
Good fortune !	We have just purchased many Ventilators from some wonderful companies . Names and numbers will be announced later today !
Why , a matter .	. . . . to State/Local Governments for lost revenues from COVID 19 , much needed Infrastructure Investments for Bridges , Tunnels , Broadband , Tax Incentives for Restaurants , Entertainment , Sports , and Payroll Tax Cuts to increase Economic Growth .
He was , good good good good good good , and he ’ s part , ’ s part , a time !	So many people hurt !
The a thousand ducats of the man .	Just departed the White House for Minnesota ! #MAGA
The more ’ s a ” hath lost in her ”	. RepKevinBrady ( R ) of Texas-08 loves Texas &; our Country . He has been a GREAT Congressman &; supporter of #MAGA . Strong on Crime , Border , Military , Vets and your 2A , he is the best Tax Cutter in D . C . Kevin has my Complete &; Total Endorsement . Vote on March 3rd . Thank you !
I ’ ll be a good people .	Will someone please explain to the Fake News New York Times ( ALL THE NEWS THAT’S NOT FIT TO PRINT ) that the Democrats make it almost impossible for us to fill positions within government . They “maximum” delay even the best candidates , including Judges , leaving little time !
What love ’ t will it !	I urge the Senate and House to pass the Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act with additional funding for PPP , Hospitals , and Testing . After I sign this Bill , we will begin discussions on the next Legislative Initiative with fiscal relief . . . .
Well , good question , you have a question .	How are they doing together ?
He will for , I will make her .	Thank you to CardinalDolan for this evenings opening prayer .
What ’ s the people ?	Thousand of Federal Government ( delivered ) Ventilators found in New York storage . N . Y . must distribute NOW !
Why , a man !	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P . M . Thank you !
Why , a matter .	They spied on my campaign !
Give her a little of her that .	Mueller should have never been appointed , although he did prove that I must be the most honest man in America !
He is a man ’ s a man !	Never knew John Kerry had such a good sense of humor ! Very impressed !
What or no more !	Great new book just out by the Former Director of Ice , Tom Homan: “Defend the Border and Save Lives: Solving Our Most Important Humanitarian and Security Crisis . ” Great guy , get your copy today !
What ’ s the better think of her ” ?	True !
The man ’ s a man ’ s a good man !	Not any more !
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	“Anti-Trump Network CNN doing whatever it can to stoke a national Coronavirus panic . The far left Network pretty much ignoring anyone who they interview who doesn’t blame President Trump . ” trish_regan FoxNews Media refuses to discuss the great job our professionals are doing !
What 's !	Great job PeteHegseth , one of a kind ! foxandfriends
Who is not enough to the man , in this man ’ s life .	Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting their time on the Impeachment Hoax , &; anything they could do to make the Republican Party look bad , while I was busy calling early boarder &; flight closings , putting us way ahead in our battle with the Coronavirus . Dems called it very wrong !
Why , a matter .	Will be signing the CARE Act in the Oval Office today at 4:00 P . M . Eastern !
a fool be a fool .	The Fake Newspaper !
O , ho !	. . . be on the way , and Americans want safe streets and communities !
I promise .	Congratulations and thank you to our great Vice President &; all of the many professionals doing such a fine job at CDC &; all other agencies on the Coronavirus situation . Only a very small number in USA , &; China numbers look to be going down . All countries working well together !
Pray you .	I am pleased to announce that Bill Stepien has been promoted to the role of Trump Campaign Manager . Brad Parscale , who has been with me for a very long time and has led our tremendous digital and data strategies , will remain in that role , while being a Senior Advisor to the . . .
A more a bed .	. . . campaign . Both were heavily involved in our historic 2016 win , and I look forward to having a big and very important second win together . This one should be a lot easier as our poll numbers are rising fast , the economy is getting better , vaccines and therapeutics will soon . . .
What shall not give it a will make it .	It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal , hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now , we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House ! #MAGA
What ’ s a man !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
Why , a matter .	LAW &; ORDER !
He was and good good good .	Word is that Mini Mike Bloomberg performed so poorly in the two debates , that he is thinking about dropping out of the Democrat Primary . The fact is , he was not true to himself , and the public was able to quickly figure him out . Not a good experience for Mini Mike !
You thank you .	Thank you Iowa , I love you !
Why , you thank you !	Thank you to Rachel Maddow for putting our Military on full display , and showing how GREAT a job the Federal Government is doing ! Also , a special thanks to General Semonite , a Patriot of the highest order and a truly talented engineer and builder !
Good fortune .	Harvard should give back the money now . Their whole “endowment” system should be looked at !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ”	THANK YOU NAPOpolice and their 241 , 000 brave law enforcement members for a FULL &; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT ! I will ALWAYS back the men and women in blue , and never let you down . LAW AND ORDER will prevail ! #LESM
The more by her men ’ s lost in her ”	“Diagnosis positive: CNN is infected with Trump Derangement Syndrome . I’m calling out CNN for irresponsibly politicizing what should be a unifying battle against a virus that doesn’t choose sides . ” trish_regan FoxNews Like I say , they are Fake News !
O a great time to her ’ s day .	News conference live from the WhiteHouse today . 5:30 P . M . Eastern !
For I will be gone than any other than the other than the other .	This November , we are going to defeat the Radical Socialist Democrats and win the Great State of Iowa in a Historic Landslide ! #KAG2020
I am not to be the new in his new .	Joe wants to shut down this Country . I want to keep it OPEN !
Ay , a great a great more .	If we listened to Joe Biden on coronavirus , millions of people would have died !
What ’ s the come to my lord ?	Disgraceful !
The will God walk the people to her men ’ tis very late !	So nice !
All the time is the king ’ s again .	I just signed the CARES Act , the single biggest economic relief package in American History – twice as large as any relief bill ever enacted . At $2 . 2 Trillion Dollars , this bill will deliver urgently-needed relief for our nation’s families , workers , and businesses . #CARESAct
What ’ s a bed to her again to her	To keep America Safe , we have fully rebuilt the USA Military – it is now stronger , more powerful , and more lethal than ever before . Thanks to the courage of American Heroes , the ISIS Caliphate has been DESTROYED &; its founder &; leader – the animal known as al-Baghdadi – is DEAD !
My lord , the matter .	louriz Thanks Lou .
Why , the one doth it be with you .	Thank you !
Who is my lord of her that ’ s honor !	Another one of many Fake T . V . Ads , this one about the Tennessee Valley Authority , which for years has paid its top executive a ridiculous FORTUNE . Not run by the USA , but I have long been fighting that crazy “salary” &; its polices . Strange ad paid for ( ? ) by “USA Tech Workers” .
What ’ s my love ’ s love and her hath been made .	Washington Dems have spent the last 3 years trying to overturn the last election – and we will make sure they face another crushing defeat in the NEXT ELECTION . Together , we are going to win back the House , we are going to hold the Senate , &; we are going to keep the White House !
Call her her !	So , the Coronavirus , which started in China and spread to various countries throughout the world , but very slowly in the USA because President Trump closed our border , and ended flights , VERY EARLY , is now being blamed , by the Do Nothing Democrats , to be the fault of “Trump” .
What ’ s a doubt of her !	Nancy Pelosi said she got “set up” by the owner ( a very good one ) of a beauty parlor . If so , how will she do in negotiations against President Xi of China , President Putin of Russia , or Kim Jong Un of North Korea . Not so well , I suspect , but far better than Joe Hiden’ would do !
The more than a friend ’ s her that I thank you .	17 days from now , we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN , and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House ! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE ! #MAGA
The which the whole of her ” !	We are marshalling the full power of government and society to achieve victory over the virus . Together , we will endure , we will prevail , and we will WIN ! #CARESAct
Why , first I have said to this time ’ s love .	Americans across the political spectrum are disgusted by the Washington Democrats’ Partisan Hoaxes , Witch Hunts , &; Con Jobs . Registered Democrats and Independents are leaving the Democrat Party in droves , &; we are welcoming these voters to the Republican Party w/ wide open arms !
What 's Helena , call my lord , sir , ’ s part ’ s part , and it ’ s part of her part of the matter , my lord , a	Congratulations to the USA Marshals on a job well done in Portland . LAW &; ORDER !
Why , a matter .	The Do Nothing Democrats were busy wasting time on the Immigration Hoax , &; anything else they could do to make the Republican Party look bad , while I was busy calling early BORDER &; FLIGHT closings , putting us way ahead in our battle with Coronavirus . Dems called it VERY wrong !
If you follow you should follow you should make a home .	. . . while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars . Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise . This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour !
What that ’ s money do give her money ?	“Economic impact of Covid-19 . ” foxandfriends Very interesting analysis . Light at the end of the tunnel . Thank you !
The day of my day 's day to her day 's day 's the day of the day 's day of the day of the day 's day of her day 's bed of his day 's day 's day 's day 's day 's day 's day 's day	“Federal Court Deals Major Blow To Sanctuary Cities . ” FoxNews In other words , there will be no more Federal Tax Dollars to States &; Cities that will not cooperate with Federal Law Enforcement ( ICE ) . This is BIG NEWS ! Funds will be cut off immediately . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
The people ’ s the people ever of men .	Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country . For the last 47 years , Joe Biden shipped away your jobs , shut down your factories , threw open your borders , and ravaged our cities . . .
Good fortune !	Wish I could join you , but totally focused on November 3rd . Thank you ! #MAGA
Go to her again ?	If you support our Police , if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement , then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA !
The hand should be the hand of the man ’ s too much of our most like the man .	THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Why , a man !	I did more in 47 months as President than Joe Biden did in 47 years !
Why , a matter .	I will be signing my Executive Order prohibiting immigration into our Country today . In the meantime , even without this order , our Southern Border , aided substantially by the 170 miles of new Border Wall &; 27 , 000 Mexican soldiers , is very tight - including for human trafficking !
Why , a matter .	Will be in the Great State of South Carolina tonight , 7:00 P . M . , for a really BIG Rally . Best place to be is a Trump Rally . See you later !
Who is so so , that he is the True , but he ’ s money !	Please let this serve as my Complete and Total Endorsement of a great fighter and ally in North Carolina , LyndaBennettNC . She is strong on Crime , Borders , Military , our Great Vets &; 2A . She will be a great help to me in DC . EARLY VOTING STARTS TODAY . We need Lynda Bennett ! #NC11
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Nadler ripped final argument away from Schiff , thinks Shifty did a terrible job . They are fighting big time !
What ’ s a ho , and a ho , and England ?	. . . . I will never stop working to secure the release of all Americans held hostage overseas ! Thank you Switzerland for your great assistance .
O , ho !	I am to happy announce that Navy Veteran , Michael White , who has been detained by Iran for 683 days , is on a Swiss plane that just left Iranian Airspace . We expect him to be home with his family in America very soon . . . .
Call you her her that ’ s a ”	Happy Birthday to the great Cindy Adams of the New York Post . Cindy is 90 , but looks 39 to me . She is going strong !
Call her her “ ” ” ’ s a hours !	To the people of South Carolina , Tom Steyer is a joke , laughed at by everyone , a total incompetent . He made money in coal , now he “hates” coal . Did you see him fawning over Crazy Bernie ? Has no chance , a loser for South Carolina , doesn’t deserve your vote !
Come , and get you of her tongue !	THANK YOU #RNC2020 !
What 's !	Final RCP Polling Averages Had Hillary Clinton Winning MI , WI , and PA via BreitbartNews The Polls are Fake just like much of the reported news . I won it all against Crooked Hillary !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION . If you vote for me , prosperity will surge , normal life will fully resume , and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country !
What 's !	States are safely coming back . Our Country is starting to OPEN FOR BUSINESS again . Special care is , and always will be , given to our beloved seniors ( except me ! ) . Their lives will be better than ever . . . WE LOVE YOU ALL !
Call her a knave ’ s a knave ’ s more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times ”	She is a third rate reporter who has nothing going . A Fake News “journalist” .
What ’ s a one ’ s bed a ” to her ”	I have instructed the United States Navy to shoot down and destroy any and all Iranian gunboats if they harass our ships at sea .
The whole of the key of a French ' em .	Very appreciative that CNN covered the vast majority of the Republican Convention last night . That was really good for CNN , while at the same time being good for our Country . Thank you !
You thank you .	The Radical Left Democrats new theme is “Defund the Police” . Remember that when you don’t want Crime , especially against you and your family . This is where Sleepy Joe is being dragged by the socialists . I am the complete opposite , more money for Law Enforcement ! #LAWANDORDER
The best would be a best would be a work from the which ’ s of the best would be the present of her as a great men would be a work of her being a great men would be a work of her of her own .	Worst Polls , just like in 2016 when they were so far off the mark , are the FoxNews Polls . Why doesn’t Fox finally get a competent Polling Company ?
Why , ’ t will be great a great .	I love Michigan , one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic . Yet your Governor , Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her ahead , she doesn’t have a clue . Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude ! #MAGA
Who ’ s love the her that I thank you !	“You go around Pennsylvania and you see Trump signs everywhere . The Donald Trump situation is bigger than the Reagan Revolution . Donald Trump has inspired us . ” RjHarris15 WHP580
Who we ’ s a French being a French of her French ' general and a general and a general and a general lost her French ” and a general a general a general being a general ” and a general than a general French men of her daughter for a general as a general French ” and a general as a general as a general French ”	Should be arrested on the spot !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s the first of his issue , the first of his work in his people , Who ’ s work of his work of his their people ,	Incredible numbers !
Call her a ”	For our Country to be sending 80 million UNSOLICITED BALLOTS is very unfair and a roadmap to disaster . Even recent small and easier to control elections which did this are a catastrophic disaster . Fraudulent &; missing Ballots like never seen before . 20% and 30% off . STOP !
Must be a bed by her men ’ s crown by her ” ”	. . . to the UNITED STATES ! We have now brought more than 40 American hostages and detainees back home since I took office . Thank you to Iran , it shows a deal is possible !
Who in the man ’ s times — A lady !	I love Michigan , one of the reasons we are doing such a GREAT job for them during this horrible Pandemic . Yet your Governor , Gretchen “Half” Whitmer is way in over her head , she doesn’t have a clue . Likes blaming everyone for her own ineptitude ! #MAGA
Why , a matter .	Another FALSE ad by the Do Nothing Democrats . Almost all of their ads are False or Misleading , and the Fake News loves it !
He he !	YOU DON’T BURN CHURCHES IN AMERICA !
.	I just got off the phone with former American hostage Michael White , who is now in Zurich after being released from Iran . He will be on a USA plane shortly , and is COMING HOME . . .
The her the world of her again .	. . . More JOBS from Eastport , Cutler , &; Jonesport to Stonington , Friendship , and Casco Bay . I am proud to help the great people of Maine !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s crown to her ”	Beautiful Maine Lobsters will now move tariff-free to Europe ! For first time in many years . GREAT new deal by USTR levels playing field with Canada . Millions of $’s more in EXPORTS . . .
Why , a matter .	CDC Director was totally misquoted by Fake News CNN on Covid 19 . He will be putting out a statement .
What a man ’ s one piece of her piece of a thing !	I thought this letter from respected retired Marine and Super Star lawyer , John Dowd , would be of interest to the American People . Read it !
What 's !	Sleepy Joe’s USA !
Why , a matter .	I am pleased to inform the American Public that Acting Secretary Chad Wolf will be nominated to be the Secretary of Homeland Security . Chad has done an outstanding job and we greatly appreciate his service !
Who is that your father ’ s my father ’ s father ?	. . . They must stop calling these anarchists and agitators “peaceful protestors” . Come back into the real world ! The Federal Government is ready to end this problem immediately upon your request .
The more your sister in the matter of the lady ’ s daughter .	We again request Kate Brown ( OregonGovBrown ) , the Governor of Oregon , and Mayor TedWheeler of Portland , to call up the National Guard like should have been done 3 months ago . . .
What ’ s a whore !	. . . Michael is Tough , Smart , and Loves our Country . This has been a big battle in Congress for 25 years . Thank you to our Great Republican Senate ! SenateCloakroom
Why , so much for love you .	Congratulations to Michael Pack ! Nobody has any idea what a big victory this is for America . Why ? Because he is going to be running the VOICE OF AMERICA ( VOANews ) , and everything associated with it . . .
Call it a voice of her again .	The problem is not the very talented , low-flying helicopter pilots wanting to save our city , the problem is the arsonists , looters , criminals , and anarchists , wanting to destroy it ( and our Country ) !
What should be all the foul should make a bear the True .	We strongly stand with Terrence !
The more I pray you be the world !	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Who at the least a honest man ’ s man and say !	“EPA: One Trillion Trees Initiative will build on President Donald Trump’s commitment”
The Thanks , it is , ’ t ’ s wonder !	The American people want LAW &; ORDER — Joe Biden won’t even say those words !
The men was the general was the fault , And he may be too late , the late !	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P . M . Thank you !
Who never be a man and never never was of her ' s man ’ s never never never be of her .	Mini Mike is getting slammed . His debates were , perhaps , the worst in presidential debating history . A total phony who disavowed “Stop &; Frisk” after swearing by it for years , and even recently . He horribly overused it , &; then dropped when running as a Dem . A total phony !
With the men , Who ’ s doubt , Who is the York !	. . . in my inner-circle , was totally exhausted by the job , and in the end just slinked away into obscurity . They all want to come back for a piece of the limelight !
Be sure to the new lord , ’ s money !	John Kelly didn’t know I was going to fire James Mattis , nor did he have any knowledge of my asking for a letter of resignation . Why would I tell him , he was not . . .
You say you , thou art the rest , and that thou art , and talk of the same talk , and say , and you are a talk of the rest , and say that you are of the rest , and say , you are all the rest	The problem with asking for someone to give you a letter of resignation , which you do as a courtesy to help them save face , is that it is then harder to say you fired them . I did fire James Mattis . He was no good for Obama , who fired him also , and was no good for me !
Why , you thank you !	THANK YOU to the 5 million members of the NRA for once again entrusting me with your FULL &; COMPLETE ENDORSEMENT ! As long as I am President , I will ALWAYS protect our Great Second Amendment , and never let the Radical Left take away your Rights , your Guns , or your Police ! NRAPVF
What ’ s !	The Dems are working hard to take the prized nomination away from Bernie . Back room politics , which Bernie is not very good at . His people will not let it happen again !
What ’ s men ’ s her again .	“Police Groups Break With Biden” politico His handlers want him to “Defund the Police . ” I want more money for Law Enforcement !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more and a more than a more a more ’ s bed .	. foxandfriends We now have many Ventilators to spare . Thank you to all !
The man that I be so like the man ’ s the man ’ s thing .	In addition to nearly $8 billion that Treasury provided tribal communities , HUDgov is releasing an additional $25 million in #CARESAct funding today to respond to the CoronaVirus with improved housing , indoor air quality , and food pantry support .
Call the “ good good ’ s bed !	80 Million Unsolicited Ballots are impossible for election centers to tabulate accurately . The Democrats know this better than anyone else . The fraud and abuse will be an embarrassment to our Country . Hopefully the Courts will stop this scam !
Why , you thank you !	. . . . fix it , and fast . The current recipient has no chance , and won’t even try . As I have often said , Baltimore is last in everything , WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE TO LOSE ! Kimberly is fully Endorsed by me , something I do not do lightly . Take advantage of it and MAKE BALTIMORE GREAT !
What ’ s the lord .	. . . . Baltimore will turn around , and I will help . Crime will go way down , money and jobs will pour in . Life will be MUCH better because Kimberly really cares . The Dems have had 100 years and they gave you nothing but heartache . Baltimore is the WORST IN NATION , Kimberly will . .
A great a thing I did great them for this thing !	. . . . Tax Returns . She’s a mess ! Many books have been written about me , some good , some bad . Both happily and sadly , there will be more to come !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	. . . . will all end up going to the government anyway . Next up is Mary Trump , a seldom seen niece who knows little about me , says untruthful things about my wonderful parents ( who couldn’t stand her ! ) and me , and violated her NDA . She also broke the Law by givng out my . . . .
She was great a great a great a great She was a great her !	. . . Unrelated , I gave Alaska ANWR , major highways , and more . Get any candidate ready , good or bad , I don’t care , I’m endorsing . If you have a pulse , I’m with you !
You thank you .	Few people know where they’ll be in two years from now , but I do , in the Great State of Alaska ( which I love ) campaigning against Senator Lisa Murkowski . She voted against HealthCare , Justice Kavanaugh , and much else . . .
Why , a matter .	Thank you to Harvard and all others !
O , ho !	I am pleased to announce the nomination of RepRatcliffe ( Congressman John Ratcliffe ) to be Director of National Intelligence ( DNI ) . Would have completed process earlier , but John wanted to wait until after IG Report was finished . John is an outstanding man of great talent !
What 's !	Be smart Baltimore ! You have been ripped off for years by the Democrats , &; gotten nothing but poverty &; crime . It will only get worse UNLESS YOU ELECT KIMBERLY KLACIK TO CONGRESS . She brings with her the power &; ECONOMIC STRENGTH OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY . She works sooo hard . . . .
Who been a great great him for this great .	I am the ultimate member of The Book of the Month Club . First I have lowlife dummy John Bolton , a war mongering fool , violating the law ( he released massive amounts of Classified Information ) and an NDA in order to build badly needed credibility and make a few dollars , which
He he !	Sleepy Joe Biden’s 1994 Crime Bill was a total disaster . It was mass incarceration for Black people , many of them innocent . I did Criminal Justice Reform , something Obama &; Biden didn’t even try to do - &; couldn’t do even if they did try . Biden can never escape his Crime Bill !
What is .	gleasondp Good idea .
Why , a matter .	It was my great honor to be back in South Carolina tonight , with thousands of hardworking American Patriots who believe in Faith , Family , God and Country . Thank you for a beautiful evening ! #KAG2020
The more of the good of the good of a good .	Governor should call in the National Guard in Wisconsin . It is ready , willing , and more than able . End problem FAST !
The best is the best that I ’ s the best that I ’ ll be the best of the best ’ s the best of her that I have a work of her	“The Fraternal Order of Police endorsed President Trump’s reelection , saying he has the ‘full and enthusiastic support’ of its more than 355 , 000 members . ”
Why , a matter .	Biden wants to Pack the Supreme Court , thereby ruining it . Also , he wants no fracking , killing our Energy business , and JOBS . Second Amendment is DEAD if Biden gets in ! Is that what you want from a leader ? He will destroy our Country ! VOTE NOW USA .
What is a kind of good , I am so good to be a good .	Nobody wants Sleepy Joe as a leader , including the Radical Left ( which he lost last night ! ) . He disrespected Bernie , effectively calling him a loser !
You thank you .	Corrupt Joe Biden wants to defund our police . He may use different words , but when you look at his pact with Crazy Bernie , and other things , that’s what he wants to do . It would destroy America !
Who , thou blame me , the matter !	A must watch !
The thank you for the while you have in the thank you !	We did it once , we will quickly do it a second time !
What ’ s my lord ?	Thank you Duluth , Minnesota !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	Thank you to all of the incredible Law Enforcement Officers in South Carolina tonight . We love you !
The time ’ s the time of her crown .	Please study this closely . We saved many lives with our fast action on CoronaVirus !
Will be a little of her that she hath in her chamber !	I hope we can get Admiral RonnyJackson4TX of Texas , who served our Country so well , into the runoff election in #TX13 ! Ronny is strong on Crime and Borders , GREAT for our Military and Vets , and will protect your #2A . Get out and vote for Ronny on Tuesday , March 3rd !
The thank you for this man !	Steve Jobs would not be happy that his wife is wasting money he left her on a failing Radical Left Magazine that is run by a con man ( Goldberg ) and spews FAKE NEWS &; HATE . Call her , write her , let her know how you feel ! ! !
Who was he ’ s ’ s a man !	Wow ! 100 , 000 Mail In Ballots in New York City a total MESS . Mayor and Governor have no idea what to do . Big Fraud , Unfixable ! Cancel Ballots and go out and VOTE , just like in past decades , when there were no problems !
What ’ s no comes the matter will be in the more ?	Biden REFUSED to use the term , LAW &; ORDER ! There go the Suburbs .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	So great to have Michael home . Just arrived . Very exciting . Thank you to Iran . Don’t wait until after USA Election to make the Big deal . I’m going to win . You’ll make a better deal now !
Come , great place !	A so-called reporter named JohnJHarwood , who bombed so badly in the 2016 Presidential Debates that I thought he was going to be immediately fired ( a Mini Mike type performance ) , is now with Fake News CNN . A total loser !
Never that you are wrong ?	The Democrats know that they are creating havoc on Election night . This is what they want . WE WILL WIN !
You thank you , sir .	Fully signed and ready to go !
Call it to the voice .	South Carolina was GREAT . A BIG &; REALLY ENTHUSIASTIC CROWD !
What ’ s a man , and tell her that I will be .	100 , 000 DEFECTIVE BALLOTS IN NEW YORK . THEY WANT TO REPLACE THEM , BUT WHERE , AND WHAT HAPPENS TO , THE BALLOTS THAT WERE FIRST SENT ? THEY WILL BE USED BY SOMEBODY . USA , END THIS SCAM - GO OUT AND VOTE !
What 's a very well , a very very well !	Department of Education is looking at this . If so , they will not be funded !
What ’ s a man ’ s her .	THANK YOU SOUTH CAROLINA !
He he !	Big Ten Football is looking really good , but may lose Michigan , Illinois , and Maryland because of those Governors’ ridiculous lack of interest or political support . They will play without them ?
Who with the world ’ s that ’ s part with the other years .	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:45 P . M . Thank you !
Let her die with her men ’ s hate them !	I will be having a 1:30 P . M . Press Conference at the White House to discuss the latest CoronaVirus developments . Thank you !
But it ’ s a very very very man !	Joe Biden could not name a single Law Enforcement group that supports his candidacy !
Why , you thank you !	Today we just passed 1 . 4 million twitter followers . .
The men ’ s no more than the name , they are out of bad are .	I won the debate big , based on compilation of polls etc . Thank you !
Why , then you do follow me like a little ?	. . . . Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The last of my last , And — “ “ “ And “ “ “ “ ”	Congressman Bill Johnson ( JohnsonLeads ) is an incredible fighter for the Great State of Ohio ! He’s a proud Veteran and a hard worker who Cares for our Veterans , Supports Small Business , and is Strong on the Border and Second Amendment . . . .
The men ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter will be the matter will be a men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed !	Why would I allow the Debate Commission to change the rules for the second and third Debates when I easily won last time ?
Why , so !	Congressman Warren Davidson ( Vote_Davidson ) is working very hard for the people of Ohio ! He’s a strong supporter of our Military , Vets , Second Amendment , and #MAGA Agenda . Warren has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Who ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	THANK YOU CPAC ! #CPAC2020
Who ’ s a one of her !	These are the Democrats “peaceful protests” . Sick !
He would be mad to play a play , A bad that bad play a players .	THANK YOU ! #MAGA
Who came but the time to her again for the first .	. . . . He’s 100% pro-life , strong on #2A and Loves our Military and Vets . Chris has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What 's !	Dana , you are the real deal !
Will they set on us for the gold , Who , in the money .	We just landed Wisconsin a massive Navy shipbuilding contract . Beautiful designs !
O , a man !	Congressman John Curtis ( CurtisUT ) gets things done for Utah ! John fights for Small Businesses , will Lower your Taxes , and will protect your Second Amendment . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What ’ s great a great a great people !	Congressman Chris Stewart ( StewartforUtah ) is a tremendous fighter for Utah . He served our Country in the USA Air Force , and has been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . . . .
What a one ’ s her that ’ s one .	Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’ via BreitbartNews . Great book . Order now !
Good my lord , will be so .	THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
Why , so !	. . . . My co-chair in Utah and a really great guy . Sean has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The office of the office that he doth work in the work of him .	Sleepy Joe Biden’s victory in the South Carolina Democrat Primary should be the end of Mini Mike Bloomberg’s Joke of a campaign . After the worst debate performance in the history of presidential debates , Mini Mike now has Biden split up his very few voters , taking many away !
The more than thy brother .	Lunacy !
Call it with her times more than never never .	Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes ( SeanReyesUT ) is a fighter and hard worker for the Great State of Utah . He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime , the Second Amendment , and Loves our Law Enforcement . . . .
Why , you thank you !	Our Economy and Jobs are doing really well . Next Year will be a Record Setter . Stay Tuned !
I would be not take him at the place .	Democrats are working hard to destroy the name and reputation of Crazy Bernie Sanders , and take the nomination away from him !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who by her ”	Congressman BradWenstrup is doing a tremendous job for the People of Ohio ! He’s a proud Veteran and is Strong on the Border , Tough on Crime , the Second Amendment , and Supports Small Business . Brad has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Faith , sir , to her men ’ s ’ s ’ s excellent peace !	Tom Steyer who , other than Mini Mike Bloomberg , spent more dollars for NOTHING than any candidate in history , quit the race today proclaiming how thrilled he was to be a part of the the Democrat Clown Show . Go away Tom and save whatever little money you have left !
Who ’ s a ” I ’ s a ”	I would find it hard to believe that failed presidential candidates Tom Steyer , or Mini Mike Bloombeg , would contribute to the Democrat Party , even against me , after the way they have been treated - laughed at &; mocked . The real politicians ate them up and spit them out !
And you , and now !	Congressman Troy_Balderson is doing a GREAT job for the People of Ohio ! He will always Protect your #2A , Defend our Borders , and Support Small Business – a great supporter of the #MAGA Agenda . Troy has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The one is the death ’ s the other of the other !	Congressman MikeTurnerOH is a strong supporter and fighter for the People of Ohio ! He will help us #MAGA ! He’s Strong on the Border , Tough on Crime , will Protect our Vets , and our GREAT Second Amendment . Mike has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Why , why then thou hast a hate him ?	. . . . . a very dark and lonely path ! Your reputation will never be the same !
You thank you .	Mini Mike Bloomberg’s consultants and so-called “advisors” ( how did that advice work out ? Don’t ask ! ) , are on the “gravy train” and all making a fortune for themselves pushing Mini hard , when they knew he never had what it takes . Don’t pay them anymore Mike , they led you down . . . .
The men that do expect you ?	Congressman Bill Posey is a tremendous fighter for the Great State of Florida . He is a big supporter of our #MAGA Agenda – Strong on Crime , the Second Amendment , and Loves our Veterans and Law Enforcement . Bill has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Would I had more people had the people ’ s people .	A massive Disinformation Campaign is going on by the Democrats , their partner , the Fake News Media , &; Big Tech . They create false stories and then push them like has never been done before , even beyond the 2016 Campaign . It imperils our Country , and must stop now . Victory 2020 !
Why , that you do hate so many people ?	Congressman SteveStivers is doing a terrific job for the People of Ohio ! He defends our Borders , Supports our Veterans , Strong on Crime , and the Second Amendment . Steve has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
O , ho !	The food is GREAT at Sammy’s Mexican Grill in Phoenix , Arizona . Congratulations to Betty &; Jorge Rivas on doing such a wonderful job . I will try hard to stop by the next time I am in Phoenix . Support Sammy’s ! foxandfriends
You thank you .	Great job Tammy !
What ’ s the matter ?	Thank you !
A most fair daughter most fair daughter !	Great going Brad !
You thank you .	Governor JimJusticeWV is a tremendous fighter for the incredible people of West Virginia . Big Jim is strong on Life , the Second Amendment , and Building the Wall ! With Governors like Jim , America will recover and get back to business . Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What , is he is to the matter with his reason ?	A Poll in today’s New York Post says that 77% of “USA adults have confidence in their government’s ability to handle the Coronavirus ( Number One ) , compared to other health threats . ” 64% for Zika , 58% for Ebola . Others way down on list . Our professionals are doing a great job !
What ’ s the good brain of her ?	Disgraceful . Should join the Republican Party !
They will be a voice of her .	“Who better than RepRatcliffe , who got to the bottom of the FISAGATE &; RUSSIAGATE HOAX . It makes a lot of sense to put John Ratcliffe in there ( DNI ) . The Senate should quickly approve him . DevinNunes MariaBartiromo John will do a great job for the American people !
Why , more than the more than her have more than the man ’ s man ’ s more than the more than be more than the man .	Thanks for your invaluable help in getting a great man PASSED to run VOICE OF AMERICA . Trying for 25 years and you got it done Jim . Idaho is proud of you !
In the which thou shalt have , as the which did I will give me a which ’ s while .	People are disgusted and embarrassed by the Fake News Media , as headed by the nytimes , washingtonpost , comcast &; MSDNC , ABC , CBSNews and more . They no longer believe what they see and read , and for good reason . Fake News is , indeed , THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE !
A sure of the woman of her friend .	Pete Buttigieg is OUT . All of his SuperTuesday votes will go to Sleepy Joe Biden . Great timing . This is the REAL beginning of the Dems taking Bernie out of play - NO NOMINATION , AGAIN !
What ’ s the time ’ s time ?	Important news !
But that ’ s hours , but true ?	The Black community brilliantly turned their backs on Mini Mike because they know he is a pandering phony who never did right by them !
Let it be a bed .	Saddened to hear the news of civil rights hero John Lewis passing . Melania and I send our prayers to he and his family .
What is a married of her ” a man ’ s man and little of the sun ’ s man ’ s a little of her ” and a little of her ”	Getting VERY good reviews of the job the Federal Government is doing on CoronaVirus . Ventilators , building hospitals , beds and yes , Testing , have been handled incredibly well . Testing is getting exponentially better every day . Love seeing our Country safely opening up !
In the strength of the strength of power is the power . ”	Thank you . I love you too !
What ?	Great going Mike !
Why , very sad , ’ t ’ s a very sad !	Will be interviewed tonight by seanhannity at 9:00 . Enjoy ! FoxNews
What ’ s a matter !	Thank you !
What have a mock ’ s love .	Thank you !
A answer would not be not , a pretty ” !	The Fake and totally corrupt News is after her as a means of getting to me . She’s smart and strong , knows the truth . Already a heroine to many !
The men is our country 's men .	Sleepy Joe Biden also said that guns killed 150 million Americans last year , wants to win Georgia on Super Tuesday ( not up ) , and got his speaking location wrong again !
Be thou like a man , not ’ s such a gave ’ s gave it .	RussVought45 MarkMeadows USTreasury
What a wonder !	Our Country wants to move safely forward . There is a tremendous pent up demand . We will open big !
.	Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd is not at the top of his game ! Thank you .
What is nothing without more than it ’ s a more than he ’ s man ’ s ’ s more without more than the matter .	Just In: Chinese State Media and Leaders of CHINA want Biden to win “the USA Election” . If this happened ( which it won’t ) , China would own our Country , and our Record Setting Stock Markets would literally CRASH !
Why , the hours !	A so-called peaceful protest !
Why , you thank you !	Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7 . 7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Eection . This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State . I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path ! . . .
What ’ s a man !	Watch Mark Levin interview of Charlie Kirk tonight at 11:00 P . M . on FoxNews . Amazing ! ! ! And , while you’re at it , go get Charlie’s new book , “The MAGA Doctrine: The Only Ideas That Will Win the Future” . . . This is a really GREAT book . Support Charlie Kirk !
He he !	Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic if Equador . We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators , of which we have recently manufactured many , and helping them in other ways . They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus !
Good ’ s hard !	Really good polling numbers as people realize all that we have done . Rasmussen Approval Rating , just out , 52% . Approval Rating in the Republican Party , 96% . Thank you !
The best of her that ’ s best ’ s best !	Oregon officials are running scared when it comes to Portland m
What ’ s the most in the world ’ s life ?	Look at the bias , hatred and rudeness on behalf of 60 Minutes and CBS . Tonight’s anchor , Kristen Welker , is far worse ! #MAGA
Who was a more than a better than ’ s man !	. . . TODAY , I will be sending federal law enforcement and the National Guard to Kenosha , WI to restore LAW and ORDER !
They gave the very made of her , and ho , and the hot of the hot .	We will NOT stand for looting , arson , violence , and lawlessness on American streets . My team just got off the phone with Governor Evers who agreed to accept federal assistance ( Portland should do the same ! ) . . .
Why , thou art so , you , I thank you !	Just spoke to President Nayib Bukele of El Salvador . Will be helping them with Ventilators , which are desperately needed . They have worked well with us on immigration at the Southern Border !
What , and there ’ s a great her , and her !	Starting to get VERY high marks in our handling of the Coronavirus ( China Virus ) , especially when compared to other countries and areas of the world . Now the Vaccines ( Plus ) are coming , and fast !
What ’ s a thousand be a thousand years !	Gallup Poll numbers on the handling of this situation are outstanding , the best . Thank you !
Why , a matter .	I ( or VP ) never gave Governor Brian Kemp an OK on those few businesses outside of the Guidelines . FAKE NEWS ! Spas , beauty salons , tattoo parlors , &; barber shops should take a little slower path , but I told the Governor to do what is right for the great people of Georgia ( &; USA ) !
In my lord , to his speech and visit you .	“The Democrat Party is a field of lightweights in complete disarray . ” kayleighmcenany JudgeJeanine
We must be the first of the first of the first !	We are trying to help Portland , not hurt it . Their leadership has , for months , lost control of the anarchists and agitators . They are missing in action . We must protect Federal property , AND OUR PEOPLE . These were not merely protesters , these are the real deal !
A a man doth not a very man , a man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s a man , not a very man is a one of a one of a very man .	Will be having a Labor Day News Conference today at the White House , 1:00 P . M . Jobs number , and the Economic comeback , are looking GREAT . Happy Labor Day !
Who , that men have his people with this country Against this country before our country .	Great News ! Randall Stephenson , the CEO of heavily indebted AT&amp;T , which owns and presides over Fake News CNN , is leaving , or was forced out . Anyone who lets a garbage “network” do and say the things that CNN does , should leave ASAP . Hopefully replacement will be much better !
You thank you .	The Radical Left Democrats , who totally control Biden , will destroy our Country as we know it . Unimaginably bad things would happen to America . Look at Portland , where the pols are just fine with 50 days of anarchy . We sent in help . Look at New York , Chicago , Philadelphia . NO !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Gordon Chang: China Seems ‘to Be Favoring Joe Biden‘ in Presidential Election via BreitbartNews . Of course they want Biden . I have taken $Billions from China and given it to our Farmers and USA Treasury . China would own the USA if Biden &; Hunter got in !
Go to for it !	Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Equador . We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators , of which we have recently manufactured many , and helping them in other ways . They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus !
Why , you thank you !	Biden Underperforming ! OANN What else is new , the story of his life .
What ’ s a fortune !	Just spoke to President Juan Orlando Hernandez of the Republic of Honduras . We work closely together on the Southern Border . Will be helping him with his request for Ventilators and Testing .
The evil is the drunk of foul ?	10 . 6 Million Jobs Created In Just 4 Months , A Record ! ! !
Why , a matter .	So we catch Obama &; Biden , not to even mention the rest of their crew , SPYING on my campaign , AND NOTHING HAPPENS ? I hope not ! If it were the other way around , 50 years for treason . NEVER FORGET ! ! ! !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	I’m used to it !
What , better , ' tis a place , it is .	Rochester N . Y . , Brooklyn N . Y . , Portland - All had bad nights , all weakly run by Radical Left Democrat Governors and Mayors ! Get the picture ?
Our bond is of the bond .	Congratulations Allen , great job !
The weak of the weak and is the weak and is .	Great conversation with President Lenin Moreno of the Republic of Ecuador . We will be sending them desperately needed Ventilators , of which we have recently manufactured many , and helping them in other ways . They are fighting hard against CoronaVirus !
What , and be in her never think of this man in this place .	mistdriscoll Thanks , see you tomorrow .
Why , her “ call “ call her “ ”	True . Steve is a GREAT SENATOR . Need him badly in Washington . Complete and Total Endorsement !
Who ’ s a new good ’ s a ”	Biggest and Fastest Financial Recovery In History . Next year will be the best ever , unless a Sleepy person , who wants to massively raise your taxes , gets in . I’m which case , CRASH ! ! !
Call up a Grumio , ’ s lord , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Chris had a tough night . Two on one was not surprising , but fun . Many important points made , like throwing Bernie , AOC PLUS 3 , and the rest , to the wolves ! Radical Left is dumping Sleepy Joe . Zero Democrat enthusiasm , WEAK Leadership !
In the man ?	No Contest . Steve blows him away . So important for Montana . I’ll be there to help Steve win big ! ! !
Who ’ s a mock ’ s sleep !	We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus , and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance . There is nobody more Patriotic than me , your favorite President !
What ’ s a fair mistress ’ s streets .	Just heard that Wacko John Bolton was talking of the fact that I discussed “love letters from Kim Jong Un” as though I viewed them as just that . Obviously , was just being sarcastic . Bolton was such a jerk !
O thou art thou !	I will never let our Post Office fail . It has been mismanaged for years , especially since the advent of the internet and modern-day technology . The people that work there are great , and we’re going to keep them happy , healthy , and well !
Why , you thank you , very very well !	Looking forward to live sports , but any time I witness a player kneeling during the National Anthem , a sign of great disrespect for our Country and our Flag , the game is over for me !
My Great soldier !	I am meeting with the major pharmaceutical companies today at the White House about progress on a vaccine and cure . Progress being made !
Good fortune .	Biggest &; Fastest Financial Recovery In History . Next year will be BEST EVER , unless a very Sleepy person becomes President and massively raises your taxes - In which case , CRASH !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Tremendous progress being made on Vaccines and Therapeutics ! ! !
Good fortune .	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P . M . Thank you !
What ’ s , I will do and will !	You will never hear this on the Fake News concerning the China Virus , but by comparison to most other countries , who are suffering greatly , we are doing very well - and we have done things that few other countries could have done !
What 's !	Tonight , FLOTUS and I tested positive for COVID-19 . We will begin our quarantine and recovery process immediately . We will get through this TOGETHER !
Now , my lord , her that your lord .	“Ever since ( Mini Mike ) Bloomberg’s bad debate performances , his support has dropped . ” abcnews Dropped a lot . Only his highly paid consultants , who are laughing all the way to the bank , still support him . . . And by the way , he did not poll well as mayor in handling crisis !
The best ’ s the best look on the present .	“In my view General Flynn should never have been prosecuted in the first place . ” Judgenap Judge Andrew Napolitano foxandfriends
.	I was criticized by the Democrats when I closed the Country down to China many weeks ahead of what almost everyone recommended . Saved many lives . Dems were working the Impeachment Hoax . They didn’t have a clue ! Now they are fear mongering . Be calm &; vigilant !
Why , will be great a great great be .	Congratulations to Dustin Johnson DJohnsonPGA on not only a great winning streak and golf season , but on capping it off with a fantastic PGA Tour Championship and becoming the 2020 FEDEXCUP Champion . Dustin is a true WINNER in so many ways !
Our bond is of the bond .	Strong Stock Market Numbers . You want to see them dive ? Vote for the Radical Left with their BIG Tax Hikes !
Who is a her ” a work with her .	Jack Welch , former Chairman and CEO of GE , a business legend , has died . There was no corporate leader like “neutron” Jack . He was my friend and supporter . We made wonderful deals together . He will never be forgotten . My warmest sympathies to his wonderful wife &; family !
We know that the world ’ s men and her ” and her be done .	Thank you to William Perry Pendley of the Bureau of Land Management . Great job on TuckerCarlson describing some of the most beautiful land in the world ! FoxNews
A man was a most most most most like a man .	Mail-In Voting , unless changed by the courts , will lead to the most CORRUPT ELECTION in our Nation’s History ! #RIGGEDELECTION
Call you her her that have a soldier .	Heading to Minnesota today . Saved Minneapolis after the Dem LEFT almost let it be TOTALLY destroyed ! #MAGA
I do all men ’ s times made them today .	. TripleH is a total winner !
Great a woman again to her again .	. . . . competitive disadvantage . We should be leading , not following !
.	As usual , Jay Powell and the Federal Reserve are slow to act . Germany and others are pumping money into their economies . Other Central Banks are much more aggressive . The USA should have , for all of the right reasons , the lowest Rate . We don’t , putting us at a . . . . .
Why , so .	. FoxNews is working hard pushing the Radical Left , Do Nothing Democrats . They want to be , unlike their competitors , CNN &; MSDNC ( Comcast ) , Fair &; Balanced . When will they ever learn . The Radical Left never even gave FoxNews permission to partake in their low rated debates !
What ’ s that thou hast been the delight .	Thank you to the people of Colorado for the warm and gracious notes and letters sent to me for all of the Ventilators we got for you . It was my great honor ! SenCoryGardner
Why , you thank you !	Many testing sites are , and have been , open &; available . Just passed 5 Million Tests , far more than any other country in the world . In fact , more than all other major countries combined ! Don’t believe the Fake News !
Who had rather hear her ”	The only people in favor of Mini Mike continuing with his hapless campaign are me and his political consultants , who are getting richer and richer by the day !
Give the good a good .	Going welI , I think ! Thank you to all . LOVE ! ! !
Great the woman ’ s very on the matter !	I am so stunned . I’ve never seen numbers like this and I’ve been doing this for 30 years ! Steve M . MariaBartiromo
The welcome to the people .	Breaking: Michigan sends absentee ballots to 7 . 7 million people ahead of Primaries and the General Election . This was done illegally and without authorization by a rogue Secretary of State . I will ask to hold up funding to Michigan if they want to go down this Voter Fraud path ! . .
Young , and never never be the kingdom .	We MUST protect our National Parks for our children and grandchildren . I am calling on the House to pass the GREAT AMERICAN OUTDOORS ACT today . Thanks SenCoryGardner and SteveDaines for all your work on this HISTORIC BILL !
Let her be your never .	The Fake News knows that Sleepy Joe doesn’t have a clue , and they want to protect his Radical Left Democrat enablers . He is so bad for the USA !
Why , my very very very very very very .	I will be doing a News Conference at 10:00 A . M . on the Jobs Numbers ! White House .
What , for a bed , I think ’ s a good time , In that ’ s good was .	Great job Erin . Just a 4 year continuation of the Great American Hoax !
The time ’ s the matter that the earth ’ s the matter ’ s time ’ s the matter ’ s bed	Congratulations to wonderful Charles Payne on having been so optimistic , and therefore correct . Market up BIG ! ! !
Who in the hands of her hands ’ s eyes .	Oh no , the Dems are worried again . The only one that can kill this comeback is Sleepy Joe Biden !
Good my day to the matter , and the matter !	Comey is a disaster who cheated and lied . How do you write books when you can’t remember anything ? Should be tried for treason . This is ridiculous !
The heavy day I ’ s the day .	Monday morning 7:30 AM I'll be on foxandfriends . Tune in !
Come to be a was tomorrow in a great men ’ s great a great great a great men to be a great men to be a great men of his men ’ s great men ’ s great men of men ’ s great men .	Doctors , Nurses and ALL at the GREAT Walter Reed Medical Center , and others from likewise incredible institutions who have joined them , are AMAZING ! ! ! Tremendous progress has been made over the last 6 months in fighting this PLAGUE . With their help , I am feeling well !
The fault of the fault , and the best hath ; her , and the state , and find a more .	Just spoke to Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed Ali of Ethiopia . His Country needs Ventilators , and the USA is in good position to help him . We will !
The time of good time , Which like a streets .	It’s a stupendous number . It’s joyous , let’s call it like it is . The Market was right . It’s stunning ! jimcramer CNBC
He he !	OUR GREAT USA WANTS &; NEEDS STIMULUS . WORK TOGETHER AND GET IT DONE . Thank you !
What 's !	It is a wonderful feeling to know that our States are loaded up with Ventilators , many brand new and high quality just off of our production lines , and that we are now in a position to help other countries that so desperately need them . Every person needing a Ventilator got one !
For an you that that was his suit to her , as well as well , show , to show , and the other of reason to be a man ’ s one of his other that ’ s part of her .	It is a stunner by any stretch of the imagination ! CNBC
My lord on the sun , Who ’ s bed and the sun to us	I am deeply saddened by the loss of my friend Charles Evers . Charles was a trail blazer in politics and a fearless leader , alongside his brother Medgar , for Civil Rights .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	We have now Tested more than 5 Million People . That is more than any other country in the World , and even more than all major countries combined !
Give ’ s a soldier ’ s again at her ’ s again .	The Do Nothing Democrats are spending much of their money on Fake Ads . I never said that the CoronaVirus is a “Hoax” , I said that the Democrats , and the way they lied about it , are a Hoax . Also , it did start with “one person from China” , and then grew , &; will be a “Miracle” end !
.	""Believe you can and you're halfway there . ""--Pres . Theodore Roosevelt
What ’ s the matter hath his love ’ s off ?	Michelle Fischbach ( FischbachMN7 ) is running for Congress in Minnesota . She Strongly Supports our Brave Law Enforcement , the Second Amendment , your Families and our incredible Farmers . Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MN07
The present of the while thou keep your mind and keep your mind .	Was just informed that the Fake News from the Thursday White House Press Conference had me speaking &; asking questions of Dr . Deborah Birx . Wrong , I was speaking to our Laboratory expert , not Deborah , about sunlight etc . &; the CoronaVirus . The Lamestream Media is corrupt &; sick !
For all all your own kind as good as good as a very kind of good as a very kind of all .	Liz Cheney is only upset because I have been actively getting our great and beautiful Country out of the ridiculous and costly Endless Wars . I am also making our so-called allies pay tens of billions of dollars in delinquent military costs . They must , at least , treat us fairly ! ! !
What ’ s no more .	Get Out and Vote for Corky Messner ( CorkyForSenate ) !
Call her as a pretty company .	Get Out and Vote for Matt Mowers !
Who is , that ’ s a ass ’ s life , he hath his life .	What is the purpose of having White House News Conferences when the Lamestream Media asks nothing but hostile questions , &; then refuses to report the truth or facts accurately . They get record ratings , &; the American people get nothing but Fake News . Not worth the time &; effort !
Now , tell the truth .	Many more people would have died from the China Virus if Sleepy Joe were your President . He didn’t even want me to close our Country to Infected China until TWO MONTHS later , when he said I was right . Now he likes to say I didn’t close up “fast enough” . Just another politician !
Why , a woman ’ s blood , like a most like a most like a very strong .	Remember , the Cure can’t be worse than the problem itself . Be careful , be safe , use common sense !
Call you to her voice .	I never said the pandemic was a Hoax ! Who would say such a thing ? I said that the Do Nothing Democrats , together with their Mainstream Media partners , are the Hoax . They have been called out &; embarrassed on this , even admitting they were wrong , but continue to spread the lie !
Is it a one that hath the hours that hath been the people ?	“Really great numbers by any standard - UNBELIEVABLE ! ” JoeSquawk Joe go it right also !
Why the the people ’ s great her possible and such a crown ?	Congratulations Erica . Fantastic WIN !
The body ’ s a body ’ s soul , It is the soul of her soul , It is the body ’ s a soul of her bed .	Had a great call with Catholic Leaders and Educators earlier today . I will be online tomorrow at 10:15 A . M . ( Eastern ) for Sunday Mass celebrated by CardinalDolan at St . Patrick’s Cathedral ( StPatsNYC ) in New York City . Join me:
Who ’ s a ”	LIAR ! ! !
Who ’ s a ” ?	Greatest Top Five Monthly Jobs Gains in HISTORY . We are #1 !
Who ’ s a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great work !	THANK YOU BillCassidy for all of your support with our #MAGA Agenda . You are doing an outstanding job representing the people of Louisiana &; the USA You have my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #KAG2020
.	Thank you Chuck and Harry !
What have a joy and give them good good .	Such a timid group of reporters at the Biden Press Conference . Where do these people come from ?
If that was such a man ’ s life , he would be the world !	Great , but did MAGA have anything to do with this great ratings success ?
A one of her ” a one of her ” ’ s a ”	Happy Birthday to Melania , our great First Lady !
What 's a matter !	Michelle FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota . Nicole is Strong on Crime and Borders , Cutting Taxes , your #2A , Loves our Military , Vets , and will stand with our Great Farmers . Michelle has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
The time .	I just signed the Paycheck Protection Program Flexibility Act to further improve our VERY POPULAR AND SUCCESSFUL program to help small businesses . THANK YOU to our GREAT REPUBLICAN SENATORS ! senatemajldr marcorubio SenatorCollins SteveDaines SenThomTillis SenCoryGardner
What man ’ s fear ’ s mind to the matter . ”	Thank you so much !
You thank you .	. CardinalDolan Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders , and a great Service today from stpatrickscath !
You thank you .	. . . over the last number of nights . If she doesn’t treat these men and women well , then we’ll bring in a different group of men and women !
The men to be the French of the French .	John Bolton is , with the exception of Hillary , by far the worst offender of them all !
What ’ s great and ’ s great office !	Congresswoman Kay GrangerCampaign has worked hard for Texas and been a strong supporter of our #MAGA Agenda . She’s strong on #2A and Securing our Border and is 100% pro-life . Kay has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
I ’ s too , I ’ ll be too , and a thing I ’ ll be too , I ’ ll be too .	. CardinalDolan Thank you for a great call yesterday with Catholic Leaders , and a great Service today from StPatsNYC !
She will run !	This guy is given the answer to questions , which he reads from his teleprompter . Is Donna involved in this scam ? Could you imagine if I got caught doing this . The media will never report this scam ( FAKE ) candidate . Sad !
What I am sure of her men ’ s her , Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s her ?	. . . . schedule and eating habits , written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me . I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &; read &; see that I am angrily eating a hamberger &; Diet Coke in my bedroom . People with me are always stunned . Anything to demean !
.	Michelle FischbachMN7 is running for Congress in Minnesota . Michelle will protect the unborn , is Strong on Crime &; Borders , Cutting Taxes , your #2A , Loves our Military , Vets , &; will stand w/ our Great Farmers . Michelle has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
What thank you , ’ s a thank you !	I work from early in the morning until late at night , haven’t left the White House in many months ( except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort ) in order to take care of Trade Deals , Military Rebuilding etc . , and then I read a phony story in the failing nytimes about my work . . . . .
You thank you .	The incompetent Mayor of Washington , D . C . , MayorBowser , who’s budget is totally out of control and is constantly coming back to us for “handouts” , is now fighting with the National Guard , who saved her from great embarrassment . . .
Who comes the home .	The people that know me and know the history of our Country say that I am the hardest working President in history . I don’t know about that , but I am a hard worker and have probably gotten more done in the first 3 1/2 years than any President in history . The Fake News hates it !
The matter upon the great people ’ s great men ’ s great and ’ s great and they are they are a great great great great great men of his great men ’ s great men ’ s great men !	THANK YOU !
Who , her men ’ s her men ’ s people !	. . . . schedule and eating habits , written by a third rate reporter who knows nothing about me . I will often be in the Oval Office late into the night &; read &; see that I am angrily eating a hamburger &; Diet Coke in my bedroom . People with me are always stunned . Anything to demean !
What 's , but a boy !	I work from early in the morning until late at night , haven’t left the White House in many months ( except to launch Hospital Ship Comfort ) in order to take care of Trade Deals , Military Rebuilding etc . , and then I read a phony story in the failing nytimes about my work . . . .
Why , your mind , ” I am , and the better that is .	. . . . Lawsuits should be brought against all , including the Fake News Organizations , to rectify this terrible injustice . For all of the great lawyers out there , do we have any takers ? When will the Noble Committee Act ? Better be fast !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s the people in the people ’ s people ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s work of the people ’ s work of her ”	. . . . to the REAL REPORTERS &; JOURNALISTS who got it right . I can give the Committee a very comprehensive list . When will the Noble Committee DEMAND the Prizes back , especially since they were gotten under fraud ? The reporters and Lamestream Media knew the truth all along . . . .
Call it and ay .	. . . We should be standing up straight and tall , ideally with a salute , or a hand on heart . There are other things you can protest , but not our Great American Flag - NO KNEELING !
Who ’ s my lord .	When will all of the “reporters” who have received Noble Prizes for their work on Russia , Russia , Russia , only to have been proven totally wrong ( and , in fact , it was the other side who committed the crimes ) , be turning back their cherished “Nobles” so that they can be given . . . .
What ?	I really appreciate all of the fans and supporters outside of the hospital . The fact is , they really love our Country and are seeing how we are MAKING IT GREATER THAN EVER BEFORE !
What ’ s never of her never mean , or that ’ s more and that ’ s think and that ’ s one of her never think of her ” and that is a man ’ s thought .	. . . . fraud donnabrazile ( and others who are even worse ) . Chris Wallace is nastier to Republicans than even Deface the Nation or Sleepy Eyes . The people who are watching FoxNews , in record numbers ( thank you President Trump ) , are angry . They want an alternative now . So do I !
What is , but it must be a more than the more than the matter .	. . . . Even the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats laughed at the Fox suggestion . No respect for the people running FoxNews . But Fox keeps on plugging to try and become politically correct . They put RINO Paul Ryan on their Board . They hire “debate questions to Crooked Hillary” . . . .
Why , a matter .	I am a big fan of Drew Brees . I think he’s truly one of the greatest quarterbacks , but he should not have taken back his original stance on honoring our magnificent American Flag . OLD GLORY is to be revered , cherished , and flown high . . .
You could never be made me but the cousin ’ s ' s part of the matter .	. FoxNews just doesn’t get what’s happening ! They are being fed Democrat talking points , and they play them without hesitation or research . They forgot that Fake News CNN &; MSDNC wouldn’t let FoxNews participate , even a little bit , in the poor ratings Democrat Debates . . . . .
But he ’ s a his own part of his own .	. MayorBowser is grossly incompetent , and in no way qualified to be running an important city like Washington , D . C . If the great men and women of the National Guard didn’t step forward , she would have looked no better than her counterpart Mayor in Minneapolis !
We look forth the way of her ” The great men of the great men of the great men .	I want to defend &; preserve our nation’s historic values . Our opponents stand with rioters – I stand with the heroes of Law Enforcement . Biden says Antifa is just an idea . Ideas don’t assault cops &; burn down buildings . Antifa is a domestic terrorist org .
The more does not so can he fear , He ’ s the nature ’ s nature ’ s great his nature , that which is no more of his nature .	Just landed in Minnesota . Hasn’t been won by a Republican since 1972 , and we saved Minneapolis . Also opened the massive and beautiful Iron Range , which Obama and Sleepy Joe closed . Thousands of jobs started back . They will close again . How can we lose ?
Remember these these these men ’ s bed , Who will you have more ?	So weird to watch FoxNews interviewing only failed Dems , like Represenative Tim Ryan of Ohio , who got zero percent in his recent presidential run , and following Sleepy Joe’s train to wherever . What a difference from the past - But we will win anyway ! ! !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Reports that H . H . S . Secretary AlexAzar is going to be “fired” by me are Fake News . The Lamestream Media knows this , but they are desperate to create the perception of chaos &; havoc in the minds of the public . They never even called to ask . Alex is doing an excellent job !
Why , so !	Leaving Minneapolis for a quick stop in Duluth to celebrate the opening of the Obama CLOSED Iron Range . My great honor ! ! !
The our bed on the way .	Does anybody get the meaning of what a so-called Noble ( not Nobel ) Prize is , especially as it pertains to Reporters and Journalists ? Noble is defined as , “having or showing fine personal qualities or high moral principles and ideals . ” Does sarcasm ever work ?
This is in a one of her ” and her ”	Laura , just another Fake News Report !
Why , sir , you thank you , ’ s ’ s part , ’ s ’ s ’ s a matter .	The Real Polls are starting to look GREAT ! We will be having an even bigger victory than that of 2016 . The Radical Left Anarchists , Agitators , Looters , and just plain Lunatics , will not be happy , but they will behave !
What a mother ’ s mother .	Jane Fonda and Michael Douglas look great !
Why , you thank you !	Great !
Why , a thank you .	Try getting a new Anchor and a smarter Democrat candidate !
The very , sir , it of a very part of it .	. . . . And because of weak and pathetic Democrat leadership , this thuggery is happening in other Democrat run cities and states . Must shut them down fast . Biden and his most Liberal in Senate running mate , Kamala , won’t even talk about it . They won’t utter the words , LAW &; ORDER !
What , !	BLM Protesters horribly harass elderly Pittsburgh diners , scaring them with loud taunts while taking their food right off their plate . These Anarchists , not protesters , are Biden voters , but he has no control and nothing to say . Disgraceful . Never seen anything like it . Thugs !
Call it .	They asked me to be at West Point on June 13th . , &; I will be there !
They should be no more than a long .	Last night I did what the corrupt media has refused to do: I held Joe Biden Accountable for his 47 years of lies , 47 years of betrayals , and 47 years of failure . The whole nation saw the truth — Joe Biden is too weak to lead this Country !
O a fool !	So when will something significant happen to James Comey ? Got caught cold . He is either very dumb , or one of the worst liars in political history . TOO LONG . EMBARRASSING !
What ’ s thou hast thou a times ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s a ” ?	HIGHEST CABLE TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME . SECOND HIGHEST OVERALL TELEVISION RATINGS OF ALL TIME . Some day these Fake Media Companies are going to miss me , very badly ! ! !
A “ Who ’ s her ” a ” A ”	No wonder I didn’t lose my hair !
Call her her again to her work out of her ”	They are one of the worst in the “news” business . Total slime balls !
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ’ s her ”	What a fantastic group !
Call her ?	“I’m voting for Donald Trump . My father is a Union Worker and his 401K has tripled under President Trump . ” USA Voter . foxandfriends Thank you , and remember that the Stock Market is getting ready to break its all time high . NEXT YEAR WILL BE THE BEST EVER . VOTE , VOTE , VOTE ! ! ! ! !
Call her her a bed .	Democrat John Hickenlooper Held in Contempt After Failing to Comply with Subpoena over Ethics Complaint Got caught big time with his hand in the cookie jar . Should be the end of his Colorado Senate bid . Makes no difference , we already have a GREAT Senator !
What ’ s the house ’ s of all the house of all ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s of the world would be all the house of a	Wind Power is proving to be very costly and unsightly .
The thank you !	IF YOU WANT A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE , THE BIGGEST IN THE HISTORY OF OUR COUNTRY ( AND ONE THAT WILL SHUT OUR ECONOMY AND JOBS DOWN ) , VOTE DEMOCRAT ! ! !
Why , is true .	Virginia Voters ! Your Governor wants to obliterate your Second Amendment . I have stopped him . I am the only thing between you and your Second Amendment . Working hard in Virginia . It’s IN PLAY . Better Vote for your favorite President , or wave goodbye to low taxes and gun rights !
You thank you .	Thanks Curt . Great pitcher ! ! !
What 's , and her say .	Twitter Pulls Trump Campaign Video of President Showing Empathy For Peaceful Protesters They are fighting hard for the Radical Left Democrats . A one sided battle . Illegal . Section 230 !
What should be your mistress ’ s the very well .	STOCK MARKET HIGHS . VOTE !
You thank you , very very well .	THANK YOU MAINE ! #MAGA
Why , you thank you !	STRONGEST EVER MILITARY . VOTE !
What ’ s great more great him !	Great !
What ’ s great look on a great men , without a great men ’ s a great men ’ s great men ’ s great look on a great men of a great men ’ s great men .	Great !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	LAW &; ORDER . VOTE !
.	RELIGIOUS LIBERTY . VOTE !
The one are the one of this one of this hath the people in the matter of her ”	Thank you Boris , working great together !
Who by her ” a ” “ Lord ”	BIGGEST TAX CUT EVER , AND ANOTHER ONE COMING . VOTE !
Who ’ s a ” “ her ’ s people have a people by the people ’ s people ’ s men ’ s eyes of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ”	Because the CORRUPT MEDIA doesn’t want to show all of our good work in that it will hurt the Radical Left’s Election chances ! #MAGA
Who hath said you yet have said to her yet .	401 ( K ) . VOTE !
The reason of the reason is but I ’ s reason !	American citizens ! We were long ahead of Dems , who were all against the BAN .
Good fortune !	You must be kidding ? ? ? This is a total disgrace !
The great her men ’ s great work .	BEST V . A . EVER . 91% APPROVAL RATING . VOTE !
The the matter and the will take the matter .	SPACE FORCE . VOTE !
What 's a matter , and do you great office !	We did great things , but it doesn’t matter to the Dems !
Call her her again .	MASSIVE REGULATION CUTS . VOTE !
God God ’ s great a great God !	Recently watched failed RINO Tom Ridge , former head of Homeland Security , trying to justify his sudden love of the Radical Left Mayor of Portland , who last night was booed &; shouted out of existence by the agitators &; anarchists . Love watching pathetic Never Trumpers squirm !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	We will always defend . Great job Jay !
The fast and her that we will run to be so fast to the matter .	PRO LIFE ! VOTE !
The next of her never may be her again .	The Democrats have stated strongly that they won’t approve a Payroll Tax Cut ( too bad ! ) . It would be great for workers . The Republicans , therefore , didn’t want to ask for it . Dems , as usual , are hurting the working men and women of our Country !
Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s	BETTER &; CHEAPER HEALTHCARE . VOTE !
Who ’ s a ” for her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Obama , who wouldn’t even endorse Biden until everyone else was out of the primaries ( and even then waited a long time ! ) , is now making a commercial of support . Remember , I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for them . I wouldn’t be President . They did a terrible job !
Who am the king ’ s a king ’ s great king !	Rigged Election !
Why , you thank you !	The Suburban Housewives of America must read this article . Biden will destroy your neighborhood and your American Dream . I will preserve it , and make it even better !
What ’ s a friend .	PROTECT PREEXISTING CONDITIONS . VOTE !
Why , a matter .	White House Press Conference at 5:15 P . M . Live !
You thank you .	FIGHT THE CORRUPT FAKE NEWS MEDIA . VOTE !
What a friend ’ s a fortune ’ s great people ’ s a man ’ s part on a more ’ s a man ’ s head of her be a a great friend ’ s bed and be a ”	SAVE OUR SECOND AMENDMENT . VOTE !
What 's !	Biden wants to Defund the Police !
What ’ s a man !	PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH ( BRING OUR SOLDIERS HOME ) . VOTE !
What ’ s a bed , that I 'll show the matter .	WELCOME BACK BASEBALL !
Why , that her that be in her that I am .	TODAY is the LAST day to register to VOTE in ARIZONA , FLORIDA , GEORGIA , OHIO , AND TEXAS ! Click below for more information , and let’s #MAGA !
Why , a matter .	Will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . on FoxNews . Enjoy ! ! !
What 's a matter !	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What ?	So true !
Why , I love you have her her love .	Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’ via BreitbartNews
The matter of the matter ’ s friend ’ t was a man !	Blame the Democrats for any “lateness” in your Enhanced Unemployment Insurance . I wanted the money to be paid directly , they insisted it be paid by states for distribution . I told them this would happen , especially with many states which have old computers .
The love I love you that love her love .	It is reported that the Media is upset because I got into a secure vehicle to say thank you to the many fans and supporters who were standing outside of the hospital for many hours , and even days , to pay their respect to their President . If I didn’t do it , Media would say RUDE ! ! !
What ’ s the the matter is he ’ s more !	There has never been , in the history of our Country , a more vicious or hostile Lamestream Media than there is right now , even in the midst of a National Emergency , the Invisible Enemy !
Why , a matter .	The great Jim Ryun will be honored this morning at the White House with the presentation of The Presidential Medal of Freedom . Congratulations to Jim and the entire Ryun family . 11:00 A . M . foxandfriends FoxNews OANN
Why , and I thank you , but a more .	I will be leaving the great Walter Reed Medical Center today at 6:30 P . M . Feeling really good ! Don’t be afraid of Covid . Don’t let it dominate your life . We have developed , under the Trump Administration , some really great drugs &; knowledge . I feel better than I did 20 years ago !
Why , a matter .	Great job by elonmusk in agreeing to build , in TEXAS , what is expected to be the largest auto plant anywhere in the world . He kept his word to me . Texas &; Tesla are big winners . MADE IN THE USA !
What 's , but I ’ s too like a hard .	Thank you !
Why , ’ s a great son .	Same guy that didn’t want to take off his mask yesterday in asking a question while being very socially distanced . Fake News !
No more .	FAKE NEWS , THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE !
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	Why should the people and taxpayers of America be bailing out poorly run states ( like Illinois , as example ) and cities , in all cases Democrat run and managed , when most of the other states are not looking for bailout help ? I am open to discussing anything , but just asking ?
God God be your son .	I spoke to highly respected ( Chairman ) Senator JimInhofe , who has informed me that he WILL NOT be changing the names of our great Military Bases and Forts , places from which we won two World Wars ( and more ! ) . Like me , Jim is not a believer in “Cancel Culture” .
.	STOCK MARKET UP BIG , 466 Points ! 28 , 149 . Great News for America . Jobs , Jobs , Jobs !
The new chain of the duke is a cap .	Thank you Natalie !
Why , a good than you have well .	. . . . invincible hero , who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him , but the Chinese virus as well . He will show America we no longer have to be afraid . ” mdevine@nypost . com Thank you Miranda . Was over until the Plague came in from China . Will win anyway !
You thank you .	Why does Twitter leave phony pictures like this up , but take down Republican/Conservative pictures and statements that are true ? Mitch must fight back and repeal Section 230 , immediately . Stop biased Big Tech before they stop you ! HawleyMO MarshaBlackburn
Why then !	“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital . You see it in Registrations , from Florida to Pennsylvania &; West Virginia , where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1 . If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail , he will be an . . . .
What ’ s ho !	I will be having a White House Press Conference today at 5:30 P . M . Thank you !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a matter !	Congratulations JimRyun !
Come , to the true of her again tonight , Whom the matter may have heard the matter to the matter of her men ’ s bed , Who ’ s her again tonight again tonight again tonight Have the men ’ s bed	Fredo’s got a convicted lier for a lawyer , who may be going back to jail for an even longer time - additional lies to Congress . Many more tapes of him with Fredo and other media scum reporters . Reveals how deranged &; sick they all are !
Ay , sir .	Will be back on the Campaign Trail soon ! ! ! The Fake News only shows the Fake Polls .
I have a wonder for a ho of her ho , and the ho of her	If Biden’s Polling wasn’t going down , and fast , he wouldn’t be going to Pittsburgh .
A pretty French ?	Great ! Biden is finally being forced out of his basement . Now you’ll be able to see what is going on “up there” . He may do some “limited” campaigning . Basement Biden is no longer playing well in the Polls !
The daughter was a fan , my daughter was of her , when I was a soldier .	“This is a flat out lie . They ( the media ) are making things up” CharlesHurt IngrahamAngle The Lamestream Media is out of control . It would be impossible to fully explain how dishonest they are !
Why , that do so many people so ?	His all time favorite ad . Disgraceful !
Why , your friend of her brother ’ s again ?	As VP , Biden wiped out the Iron Range – seven plants were idled and more than 2K workers were laid off . After I put Tariffs on foreign steel , the Iron Range came roaring back to life ! If Joe gets in , the Radical Left will shut down the Iron Range FOREVER !
Ay , sir .	Because Shifty is a crooked politician !
What ’ s my lord .	Based on their bad ratings , so would many !
Why , and then , you have , that , I will give thee , and give up , and give thee .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
Who , people , people ’ s love .	In just 3 and a half years , we have secured America’s Borders , rebuilt the awesome power of the USA Military , obliterated the ISIS caliphate , fixed our disastrous Trade Deals , and brought JOBS back home to America – and back to MINNESOTA ! #MAGA
Who have a horse that had been work and her work . ” And ”	True !
Call her brave valor ’ s a soldier !	So Obama and his team of lowlifes spied on my campaign , and got caught - Open and shut case ! More papers released today which are devastating to them . Will they ever pay the price ? The political Crime of the Century !
Ay , sir , for you ’ s good .	“You see it in enthusiasm for the President outside Walter Reed Hospital . You see it in Registrations , from Florida to Pennsylvania &; West Virginia , where Republicans are outstripping Democrats by 2 to 1 . If the President bounces back onto the campaign trail , he will be an . . . .
Who is not a write of her ' ducats .	. . . . invincible hero , who not only survived every dirty trick the Democrats threw at him , but the Chinese virus as well . He will show America we no longer have to be afraid . ” MirandaDevine NYPost Thank you Miranda . Was over until the Plague came in from China . Will win anyway !
The matter here ’ s a crown that ’ s mouth are for the house .	New York City must stop the Shutdown now . The Governor &; Mayor are destroying the place !
Why , a matter .	Great new book by PastorDScott called “Nothing to Lose” . The Pastor is a winner and a great guy . Much can be learned from him . Buy the book . Make him a Big Deal Author !
What ’ s no , that now !	The wonderful Charles Payne cvpayne of FoxNews just wrote a great and inspirational new book , UNSTOPPABLE PROSPERITY . Get it NOW . So many important thoughts and suggestions on investing and “Making Money” . Also , Charles just happens to be a Great Guy !
Let us be , most hard , most most most most most most against the fault !	Wow . Joe Biden just took a more Liberal position on Roe v . Wade than Elizabeth Warren at her highest . He also wants to PACK our great United States Supreme Court . This is what the Dems will do . Remember as they try changing positions before elections end . GET OUT AND VOTE !
What ’ s no fair and fair and sweet and sweet .	Riot gear or military control is not necessary because ANTIFA &; other Wacko groups of Anarchists aren’t present to cause trouble . Incredible people . Thank you Maine !
Why , a matter .	Biden and Democrats just clarified the fact that they are fully in favor of ( very ) LATE TERM ABORTION , right up until the time of birth , and beyond - which would be execution . Biden even endorsed the Governor of Virginia , who stated this clearly for all to hear . GET OUT &; VOTE ! ! !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	We are doing far more , and better , Testing than any other country in the world , and yet the media does nothing but complain . No matter how good a job is done , the same as with the Ventilators , they will never say we are doing a great job , they will only viciously gripe !
Ay , a man !	The Democrats will open up their states on November 4th , the day after the Election . These shutdowns are ridiculous , and only being done to hurt the economy prior to the most important election , perhaps , in our history ! #MAGA
The more ’ s the time in the Thanks ’ s time ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter on the matter of the matter ’ s men ’ s her	My Campaign spent a lot of money up front in order to compensate for the false reporting and Fake News concerning our handling of the China Virus . Now they see the GREAT job we have done , and we have 3 times more than we had 4 years ago - &; are up in polls . Lots of $’s &; ENERGY !
The more of a man ’ s a man in his man ’ s and and his men can be a man .	Many States moving to SAFELY &; QUICKLY reopen !
What thank you for all , you do !	Wow . Win in 2020 ! ! !
Why , that the English of the king with her men ’ s her ?	Suburban voters are pouring into the Republican Party because of the violence in Democrat run cities and states . If Biden gets in , this violence is “coming to the Suburbs” , and FAST . You could say goodbye to your American Dream !
What 's !	FEELING GREAT !
What ’ s that you think of her ?	Texas to open businesses in phases beginning Friday . Great job being done by GregAbbott_TX
What ’ s the sun , that I am so .	I am looking forward to the debate on the evening of Thursday , October 15th in Miami . It will be great !
The worst ’ s the worst !	NEW MEXICO ! Today is the last day you can register to vote online or via mail . Make sure your vote counts !
Who is the “ Who ’ s her ” !	But I love Diamond &; Silk , and so do millions of people !
What the the , where ’ s the hell ?	Mini Mike Bloomberg , who made a fool of himself on the Dems debate stage when Elizabeth Warren &; the others simply took him apart , is going “crazy” trying to buy his way back into the Liberal Democrat’s hearts . His Florida ads are lies . I am much better for SENIORS than Sleepy !
Give it a ” ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	. . . . Like I did in the 2016 Primaries , if more money is needed , which I doubt it will be , I will put it up !
What ’ s a tell her !	Congratulations Jim . It was a great and beautiful event . Well deserved !
Ay , a man !	Because of the China Virus , my Campaign , which has raised a lot of money , was forced to spend in order to counter the Fake News reporting about the way we handled it ( China Ban , etc . ) . We did , and are doing , a GREAT job , and have a lot of money left over , much more than 2016 . . . .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	THANK YOU !
What 's !	They are not “peaceful protesters” , as Sleepy Joe and the Democrats call them , they are THUGS - And it is all taking place in Democrat run cities . Call me and request Federal HELP . We will solve your problems in a matter of minutes - And thanks to the USA Marshalls in Portland !
I never did made a hot that played , and her that I know ’ s a man , and know you , and she hath made of her sister ’ s a bed , and she ’ s one of her .	On my way to the Great State of Florida , see you soon !
I am , to work , and now , and now , but be a work !	. . . to virtual pennies . Epi-pens went from their incredibly high , jacked up prices , to lower than their original give away bargains . Biggest price reductions in history , by far ! Nothing like this has ever for our citizens , especially our Seniors . REMEMBER YOUR FAVORITE PRESIDENT !
Why , not time !	Yesterday I signed four measures that will massively reduce the prices of prescription drugs , in many cases by more than 50% . Nothing like this has ever been done before because Big Pharma , with its vast power , would not let it happen . Expensive Insulin went from big dollars . . . . .
Who is that ’ s a man ’ s a man !	Thank you BlueAngels and AFThunderbirds ! #AmericaStrong
I thank you , I am a very bad , I should make a very bad of bad .	The Fake News Media refuses to discuss how good the Economy and Stock Market , including JOBS under the Trump Administration , are doing . We will soon be in RECORD TERRITORY . All they want to discuss is COVID 19 , where they won’t say it , but we beat the Dems all day long , also ! ! !
Why , the matter is the pains .	Wow ! 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party ( and I believe this was before the “GREAT” Jobs Numbers yesterday ) . Thank you !
Who ’ s a ” for the matter , he is he ’ s a matter .	Wow !
Come , and her men are fear , the matter , ’ s good lord , is it is , it is .	Democrats admit that President Trump’s message is “working” on violence coming to the Suburbs in a Looney Biden Administration . Plus , Biden just doubled down on forcing Federal control of local zoning . This means low income housing and projects . So much for the American Dream !
Call you , all all our wit , are a foolish men , ’ s foolish ’ s a more .	LAW &; ORDER !
What hath a men of her , ’ s a ” ?	REPEAL SECTION 230 ! ! !
Who ’ s great his new crown with his new drowned !	The Democrats in the House are trying to undo my big win Travel Ban Bill , which successfully keeps very bad and dangerous people out of our great Country . Passed along party lines . Hopefully , will be DEAD in the Senate ! The Dems have gone Stone Cold Left - Venezuela on steroids !
What , are you ready for the matter ?	Much smaller crowd in D . C . than anticipated . National Guard , Secret Service , and D . C . Police have been doing a fantastic job . Thank you !
O , a man !	Did anyone get to see that absolute “Joke” of a Town Hall interview that Joe Biden did with Concast NBCNews , hosted by Lester Holt ? What a disgrace to our Country that FREE public airwaves can be used that way . All SOFTBALLS . A big FIX . Time should be paid by the corrupt DNC !
What , are you ready for the matter ?	Sleepy Joe Biden has pledged to ABOLISH Suburban Communites as they currently exist by reinstating Obama’s radical AFFH Regulation . There goes Suburbia !
And you are like a people .	. . . also coming back in record numbers . We are leading the World in Economic Recovery , and THE BEST IS YET TO COME !
What men are no wrong of her men ’ s wrong !	. CNN &; MSDNC are doing everything possible to “inflame” the crowd . Fortunately they have a very small audience !
I ’ ll do , good good good good good good .	. . . senatemajldr Mitch McConnell not to delay , but to instead focus full time on approving my outstanding nominee to the United States Supreme Court , Amy Coney Barrett . Our Economy is doing very well . The Stock Market is at record levels , JOBS and unemployment . . .
What , ’ s a man is but a wife , and tell his wife !	Nancy Pelosi is asking for $2 . 4 Trillion Dollars to bailout poorly run , high crime , Democrat States , money that is in no way related to COVID-19 . We made a very generous offer of $1 . 6 Trillion Dollars and , as usual , she is not negotiating in good faith . I am rejecting their . . .
Come , go , go to a office .	Sleepy Joe Biden and the Radical Left Democrats want to “DEFUND THE POLICE” . I want great and well paid LAW ENFORCEMENT . I want LAW &; ORDER !
Call it .	. . . request , and looking to the future of our Country . I have instructed my representatives to stop negotiating until after the election when , immediately after I win , we will pass a major Stimulus Bill that focuses on hardworking Americans and Small Business . I have asked . . .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	I have just given an order for our National Guard to start the process of withdrawing from Washington , D . C . , now that everything is under perfect control . They will be going home , but can quickly return , if needed . Far fewer protesters showed up last night than anticipated !
Shall never be of him , ’ s brother ’ s his rate , ’ s power is .	Not only will Sleepy Joe Biden DEFUND THE POLICE , but he will DEFUND OUR MILITARY ! He has no choice , the Dems are controlled by the Radical Left .
Who ’ s a woman ’ s her ”	How does Biden lead in Pennsylvania Polls when he is against Fracking ( JOBS ! ) , 2nd Amendment and Religion ? Fake Polls . I will win Pennsylvania !
Must be a one of her ” is a one that with her that with her ”	Colin Powell , a real stiff who was very responsible for getting us into the disastrous Middle East Wars , just announced he will be voting for another stiff , Sleepy Joe Biden . Didn’t Powell say that Iraq had “weapons of mass destruction ? ” They didn’t , but off we went to WAR !
Why , a matter .	True !
Why , a matter .	BrandonStraka Many Democrats are leaving the party over calls to Defund the Police . foxandfriends PeteHegseth Great going Brandon . You really get it ! ! !
Why , that bad say a woman .	Crazy Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left Democrats were just playing “games” with the desperately needed Workers Stimulus Payments . They just wanted to take care of Democrat failed , high crime , Cities and States . They were never in it to help the workers , and they never will be !
I thank you , think , I am .	Fantastic job on foxandfriends by new Republican Superstar SeanParnellUSA , running for Congress ( with my complete &; total Endorsement ) against a Crazy Nancy Pelosi Puppet ( who has done nothing ! ) , &; a slightly older Republican Superstar , GovMikeHuckabee . Thank you to both !
O , ho !	Democrats and Sleepy Joe’s Peaceful Protestors !
What is the certain , being a man .	Somebody please tell highly overrated Colin Powell that I will have gotten almost 300 Federal Judges approved ( a record ) , Two Great Supreme Court Justices , rebuilt our once depleted Military , Choice for Vets , Biggest Ever Tax &; Regulation Cuts , Saved Healthcare &; 2A , &; much more !
Ay , you , sir , you have been thou hast thou hast have ’ s have no more .	Republicans need to get smart and confirm Nate Simington to the FCC ASAP ! SenatorWicker Thank you !
In the more much to me .	. . . . And to Joy , his wonderful wife who he loved so much , my warmest condolences ! ! !
Why , a matter .	One of the greats in the history of television , Regis Philbin has passed on to even greater airwaves , at 88 . He was a fantastic person , and my friend . He kept telling me to run for President . Holds the record for “most live television” , and he did it well . Regis , we love you . . . .
What ’ s that you will understand you ’ s daughter ’ s the will be gone .	At the request of SenJohnKennedy &; SenBillCassidy of the Great State of Louisiana , I will be approving &; signing today an EMERGENCY DECLARATION which will help with all aspects of the big storm that is currently hitting your shores . FEMA is already there . God Bless You !
Why , great a office , a great work .	My Administration is closely monitoring Hurricane Douglas off Hawaii &; Hurricane Hanna , which has now made landfall in Texas . We continue to coordinate closely with both states — listen to your emergency management officials Hawaii_EMA &; TDEM to protect your family &; property !
What 's men , and lost , and lost , and sad .	Thank you Jupiter , Florida !
Not the upon the time , he is made the time .	Just left Florida , see everyone tonight in North Carolina ! #MAGA
Take a part of her to her ” and the most like a most like a most like a ”	Thank you Jon !
I thank a time had a great time .	Senator LindseyGrahamSC is a good friend and strong voice for the people of South Carolina . He’s helped us confirm GREAT Judges , rebuild the Military , and keep our Country SAFE . Strong on Life and our Vets . Lindsey has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
You have rather have a mock .	Heading to North Carolina . See you soon !
Call her ?	Congressman Joe Wilson is a champion for the people of South Carolina ! He served our Country as a Colonel in the Army , and now he serves our Military &; Vets in Congress . Strong on the #2A and Border Security ! Joe has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #SC02
Who in the many of her kill 'd the many of the many of her ’ s great men have ’ s men of her men of her men have lost his men of her men ’ s work .	This week you had Joe Biden call Arizona a CITY . Nothing matters with him , however , because the Opposition Party ( Lamestream Media ) covers everything up - especially the corruption . The Obama/Biden Administration is the most corrupt in history . They even spied on my campaign !
What ’ s the matter with her ?	I have fully authorized the total Declassification of any &; all documents pertaining to the single greatest political CRIME in American History , the Russia Hoax . Likewise , the Hillary Clinton Email Scandal . No redactions !
What is the True , ’ s lord , ’ s lord , ’ s the matter ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a thing ’ s part of a thing ’ s part of the thing ’ s part of a thing .	Police Chief , and most of the police in Rochester , N . Y . , have resigned . The Democrat Mayor and , of courses , Governor Cuomo , have no idea what to do . New York State is a mess - No Money , High Taxes &; Crime , Everyone Fleeing . November 3rd . We can fix it !
Let ’ s a soldier ’ s thought and let ’ s life and let ’ s life !	Congressman Austin Scott ( AustinScott4GA ) is doing a phenomenal job for the GREAT State of Georgia . He works hard for our incredible Farmers , Military , Vets and the Second Amendment . Austin has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #GA08
I know the Moor ’ s a slave , and a slave .	Congressman Buddy Carter ( Buddy_Carter ) keeps fighting for the incredible people of Georgia . Buddy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! Vote for Buddy ! #GA01
They are a one !	Brett LOVES Wisconsin , Mississippi and Minnesota . A good golfer - hits it LONG !
Why , so true .	We need KarenHandel back in Congress to fight for the incredible people of Georgia ! She is a tremendous advocate for our Military , Vets , Border Security and the Second Amendment . Karen has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #GA06
What now .	Just landed in North Carolina , thank you !
Ay , and so .	""Donald Trump"" song is up to almost 60 million hits---- crazy !
Who is a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Unlike Senator Manchin , Big Jim Justice was very loyal to your favorite President during Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam . Big Jim is doing a tremendous job for West Virginia . Vote for Big Jim ! #MAGA
What ’ s men ’ s speak of her , and that thou art and that ’ s will make a bed and make a bed and make a bed of her speak of her bed and make a bed and make a thing that you speak	Because Mueller and his 18 Angry Democrats were illegally in on the SCAM ?
I think her that would be her promise .	Congresswoman Carol Miller ( CarolMillerWV ) is a tremendous advocate for the people of West Virginia ! She fights for our Coal Miners , the Second Amendment and for Lower Taxes . Carol has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WV03
Who 's a	Congressman Alex Mooney ( MooneyforWV ) is a champion for West Virginia ! He is strong on Life and the Second Amendment , and he works hard for our incredible Veterans and Coal Miners . Alex has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WV02
Most sad that ’ s a Who was a sad .	It will be fast and easy !
The ’ t that ’ s the people have the news of the news ?	Crazy Nancy Pelosi said I made a mistake when I banned people from infected China from entering the USA in January . Tens of thousands of lives were saved , as she danced in the Streets of Chinatown ( SF ) in late February . Biden agreed with her , but soon admitted that I was right !
Who he was his three times made of her ' s the sun ’ s three of her	Congressman Mark Amodei ( AmodeiForNevada ) is working hard for the incredible people of Nevada ! He is Strong on Immigration , Taxes , Job Creation and he Loves our Military and Vets . Mark has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NV02 #MAGA
God God ’ s see you now .	. seanhannity will be talking about the big North Carolina Rally tonight . Great crowd ! Also , congratulations to Sean , TuckerCarlson and IngrahamAngle on the Great Ratings !
Who ’ s a true .	The Trump Campaign has more ENTHUSIASM , according to many , than any campaign in the history of our great Country - Even more than 2016 . Biden has NONE ! The Silent Majority will speak on NOVEMBER THIRD ! ! ! Fake Suppression Polls &; Fake News will not save the Radical Left .
Look you , you ’ s more against you .	Congressman Jeff Van Drew ( VanDrewForNJ ) is a Courageous Leader who defended me against Pelosi’s Impeachment Scam and is a conservative who shares our Republican values . Jeff is a fighter for South Jersey and will always put America First . Vote for Jeff !
Who were a ”	Great new book out today , “Speaking for Myself: Faith , Freedom , and the Fight of Our Lives Inside the Trump White House” by SarahHuckabee Sanders . Make sure you get your copy today !
For the of the lady ’ s will not be tonight .	So the Washington Post is running the Reagan Foundation , and RINO Paul Ryan is on the Board of Fox , which has been terrible . We will win anyway , even with the phony FoxNews suppression polls ( which have been seriously wrong for 5 years ) !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Can’t believe these con men are not yet being PROSECUTED . Pathetic !
Why , I thank you .	. . . I know Ronny well . He will NEVER let you down . Solid as a rock . Ronny has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #TX13 #MAGA
We may be out of her that can be impossible for it is , It is not a man .	. RonnyJackson4TX is a spectacular man . An Admiral in the Navy , he is a brave and loyal Warrior who loves our Military and Vets . As a medical doctor , Ronny is great on HealthCare and he is Strong on Cutting Taxes , the Border and the Second Amendment . . .
The time should see her call .	Governor Doug Burgum ( DougForDakota ) is doing a phenomenal job leading North Dakota ! He is a true Conservative , and First Lady Kathryn Burgum’s leadership against the disease of addiction inspires us all . Doug has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NDGOV
.	There is NO WAY a place like Pennsylvania can vote for the Radical Left and their puppet , Joe Biden , when they are against fracking , steel production , and just about everything else that Pennsylvania stands for . Likewise , Texas , and many other states ! ! !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	The Lamestream Media , including FoxNews , which has really checked out , is refusing to show what is REALLY going on in Portland , Seattle , and other places . They want the American public to believe that these are just some wonderful protesters , not radical left ANARCHISTS !
Why , a matter .	Chris Wallace was a total JOKE . Protected Joe all night long . He’s no Mike ! ! !
Why , a matter .	Great new book by Sarah !
Well , good a thank you .	Because of my strong focus on the China Virus , including scheduled meetings on Vaccines , our economy and much else , I won’t be able to be in New York to throw out the opening pitch for the Yankees on August 15th . We will make it later in the season !
Why , sir , ’ s a good fortune !	New FDA Rules make it more difficult for them to speed up vaccines for approval before Election Day . Just another political hit job ! SteveFDA
He ’ s delight in the delight .	“If Biden had any passion or respect for law enforcement , he kept it well hidden in his Philadelphia address . He criticized cops far more than he did arsonists &; looters . ” Michael Goodwin , nypost
Who was a best was great better show of her yet ' s great better show a best of a great men ’ s great work a great men of his great a great work of a show of his wit yet ’ s great work .	All Russia Hoax Scandal information was Declassified by me long ago . Unfortunately for our Country , people have acted very slowly , especially since it is perhaps the biggest political crime in the history of our Country . Act ! ! !
The more your bed and her lord .	Thank you Winston-Salem , North Carolina ! #MAGA
Will be the reason , why , why thou hast never , It never else of this .	Opinion Editor at nytimes just walked out . That’s right , he quit over the excellent Op-Ed penned by our great Senator TomCottonAR . TRANSPARENCY ! The State of Arkansas is very proud of Tom . The New York Times is Fake News ! ! !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The 2020 Election will be totally rigged if Mail-In Voting is allowed to take place , &; everyone knows it . So much time is taken talking about foreign influence , but the same people won’t even discuss Mail-In election corruption . Look at Patterson , N . J . 20% of vote was corrupted !
Call it , a more ’ s a thing !	The “protesters” are actually anarchists who hate our Country . The line of innocent “mothers” were a scam that Lamestream refuses to acknowledge , just like they don’t report the violence of these demonstrations !
How now , you ’ s a goodly years , a goodly thing .	I built the greatest economy in the World , the best the USA has ever had . I am doing it again !
But that his hair of my hair !	Taking too long . Media is in on it . A true scandal !
The next was , for a good looks !	Donald Trump: If Biden Wins , China Wins . It‘s as Simple as That via BreitbartNews . Would be a disaster for the USA !
What 's a matter !	A Disgraceful Con Artist ! Charges anyone ?
What I would beat that I would beat them !	A FAKE story made up by the Democrats in order to save Biden’s failing campaign . Thanks Zach !
Those love ’ s love her ?	. SeanParnellUSA is a SUPERSTAR running against a Lamb , to be exact , a weak puppet of crazy Nancy Pelosi !
Why , very very well .	We do more testing than any country in the World , by far , over 55 million tests . Fake News CNN says we should do more testing . But even if we did 100 times more , they would then say it is still not enough . They are totally discredited , just want Sleepy Joe to win in November !
In other words , the very other of the matter .	If I wasn’t constantly harassed for three years by fake and illegal investigations , Russia , Russia , Russia , and the Impeachment Hoax , I’d be up by 25 points on Sleepy Joe and the Do Nothing Democrats . Very unfair , but it is what it is ! ! !
The one will be at the hours in her ” And the hours in the hours of her ’ s chamber .	Nice !
What ’ s men ’ s a very well , and the fine of her .	Colin Powell was a pathetic interview today on Fake News CNN . In his time , he was weak &; gave away everything to everybody - so bad for the USA . Also got the “weapons of mass destruction” totally wrong , and you know what that mistake cost us ? Sad ! Only negative questions asked .
But they are so far , I am like the best , and so far , and so far , they are so far , and so far , I am so far to the best with the best .	So I had to constantly fight off all of this Scum , achieve more than any other President in First Term , and then they talk Chaos . They created crimes against me and this administration !
What ’ s more , and thou art a foolish ?	Wear your mask in the “beauty” parlor , Nancy !
Good my lord , I will see , And I will be by , And by the matter .	Could it be even remotely possible that in Roger Goodell’s rather interesting statement of peace and reconciliation , he was intimating that it would now be O . K . for the players to KNEEL , or not to stand , for the National Anthem , thereby disrespecting our Country &; our Flag ?
What 's Andrew !	Actually , a great book by a great and highly respected historian , Doug Wead !
Go to for it .	Tremendous sincerity , what a guy . Hard to believe , with this kind of political talent , his numbers would “tank” so badly in Utah !
Call her ?	He is , and people are not happy about it . The Washington Post is a political front for Amazon . Nobody treated Ronald Reagan worse !
What ’ s not	Salon Owner Nancy Pelosi Attacked Raises over $310 , 000 via BreitbartNews Great !
Not a many many of a man !	Wow !
A true !	LAW &; ORDER , NOT DEFUND AND ABOLISH THE POLICE . The Radical Left Democrats have gone Crazy !
What , so !	CNN Polls are as Fake as their Reporting . Same numbers , and worse , against Crooked Hillary . The Dems would destroy America !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	The House &; Senate should IMMEDIATELY Approve 25 Billion Dollars for Airline Payroll Support , &; 135 Billion Dollars for Paycheck Protection Program for Small Business . Both of these will be fully paid for with unused funds from the Cares Act . Have this money . I will sign now !
Who ’ s a thank you .	Great book !
If these men have the matter before , had not have ’ s .	The Lamestream Media refuses to talk about our Country’s record setting Jobs Numbers , which are indicating GREATNESS , and soon !
What ’ s the True !	11 , 00 North Carolina residents get incorrect voter registration forms . 2000 LA County Voters received “faulty” Ballots , with NO WAY TO VOTE FOR PRESIDENT . Many others throughout USA . Here we go . This will be the most corrupt Election in American History !
What is and good good good good good good .	We will be substantially LOWERING Medicare Premiums and Prescription Drug Prices , bringing them down to levels that were not thought possible !
What 's !	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . Thank you !
Why , there 's a matter .	Big day for Stock Market . Smart money , and the World , know that we are heading in the right direction . Jobs coming back FAST . Next year will be our greatest ever !
I wonder , what next will be in the next .	If I am sent a Stand Alone Bill for Stimulus Checks ( $1 , 200 ) , they will go out to our great people IMMEDIATELY . I am ready to sign right now . Are you listening Nancy ? MarkMeadows senatemajldr kevinomccarthy SpeakerPelosi SenSchumer
The man is the man !	Thank you !
The three of these three of the doth make a born of the state , and almost three of these of of of of of these three of of of of his eyes !	This year has seen the lowest crime numbers in our Country’s recorded history , and now the Radical Left Democrats want to Defund and Abandon our Police . Sorry , I want LAW &; ORDER !
What ’ s true !	Trump nominated for Nobel Peace Prize following Israel-UAE accord via nypost
The day and a day and day !	. . . Crooked Hillary Clinton in 2016 . They are called SUPPRESSION POLLS , and are put out to dampen enthusiasm . Despite 3 ½ years of phony Witch Hunts , we are winning , and will close it out on November 3rd !
Who in the York , Who hath the brave of hell !	Because I’ve beaten him and his very few remaining clients so much , and so badly , that he has become a blathering idiot . He failed with John McCain and will fail again with all others . He is a total loser . MarshaBlackburn is a Tennessee Star , a highly respected WINNER !
Who never have seen a man ’ s one of her never . ”	Thank you Mark !
The people hath been made it made .	I just hope the voter understands that they are all Fake News trying hard to push a man that should NEVER be president of our Country .
O a one tonight at the great a great — A great a great a great a great one of a great her tonight !	I have retained highly respected pollster , McLaughlin &; Associates , to analyze todays CNN Poll ( and others ) , which I felt were FAKE based on the incredible enthusiasm we are receiving . Read analysis for yourself . This is the same thing they and others did when we defeated . . .
The best you are you , the best , the best ’ s best , and the best ’ s best you are the best , you are .	Exclusive Excerpt--Lewandowski &; Bossie: ‘Trump: America First: The President Succeeds Against All Odds’ via BreitbartNews . Great book , go out and give it a try !
Call it .	Wow !
What ’ s thoughts are your thoughts of great fellow ?	“Democrats &; Activists call to Defund Police Departments . They’ve gone so far Left that they eat their young . ” mirandadevine nypost foxandfriends
What 's a more , and great great ’ s great and ’ s great 's great and ’ s great and his great and his great and his great him .	Where is JUSTICE ?
What 's !	Rigged Election , and EVERYONE knows it !
What should be great be called !	Vote TRUMP California . No more blackouts , shutdowns , ridiculous forrest fires , or water “rationing” ( coming soon ) . We can win in California NOW !
The Think ’ s the matter , I have ever the morning .	DEMS WANT TO SHUT YOUR CHURCHES DOWN , PERMANENTLY . HOPE YOU SEE WHAT IS HAPPENING . VOTE NOW !
What 's that they know the matter that have heard of her choose but to choose !	Volunteer to be a Trump Election Poll Watcher . Sign up today ! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What 's and true !	. . . And I had to put up with these losers and still run a Country , AND VERY WELL !
The that my lord , the people ’ s the matter !	The United States Navy , or the Department of Defense , will NOT be cancelling its contract with Catholic Priests who serve our men and women in the Armed Forces so well , and with such great compassion &; skill . This will no longer be even a point of discussion ! CardinalDolan
The matter upon your show of your Majesty can , And why , and you have lost in a man .	Congratulations Matt Mowers !
But that I love that love have such men that they have think , but they do think , they do think , but that I think of men have their people have their people have their love .	Great to be in Texas !
What ’ s no wonder , the matter in this 's trouble !	Watch clip . Great job South Dakota !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Congratulations CorkyForSenate !
Your man , little man ’ s that little man ’ s praise , and better enough !	A GREAT Senator . Must return to Washington . Steve has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
What ’ s a man , that ’ s a thing he would be in a matter with me !	We just got a BIG win for the people of Michigan . Open up your Churches and your Schools . Auto companies pouring in and expanding ( thank you Mr . President ! ) . Have fun !
I never never her that never say , Who with the way !	I will be announcing a list of future potential Supreme Court Justices at 3:30 P . M . Eastern from the Diplomatic Reception Room of the White House .
What I have but the week of a week of the week .	. FoxNews reported incorrectly what the Federal Government is doing with respect to Portland . We are demanding that the Governor &; Mayor do their job or we will do it for them . To complicated to discuss in a Tweet , but bad reporting by Fox ( possibly on purpose ! ) . DHSgov
Who not so , that you have more but that I will stay more .	Vote today for Big Jim , a great Governor . Love West Virginia !
Well , good good good good good good good good good good .	Proud of you Natalie !
You are you “ whore , — —	NASDAQ HITS ALL-TIME HIGH !
.	Move Fast , I Am Waiting To Sign ! SpeakerPelosi
Look to my lord at the money and money !	True !
What most of a thing ’ s sister , and say , ” , and that was his Peter ’ s men of men ’ s men of men ’ s men said .	Today we join millions of baseball fans and Puerto Ricans in celebrating Roberto Clemente’s life and his immense contributions to baseball and equality . He was one of my all-time favorite players – Roberto had everything ! #ClementeDay #Retire21
What ’ s a people do them the bond ?	New York Mail-In voting is in a disastrous state of condition . Votes from many weeks ago are missing - a total mess . They have no idea what is going on . Rigged Election . I told you so . Same thing would happen , but on massive scale , with USA . Fake News refuses to report !
The more , that is too much better than this .	Buffalo protester shoved by Police could be an ANTIFA provocateur . 75 year old Martin Gugino was pushed away after appearing to scan police communications in order to black out the equipment . OANN I watched , he fell harder than was pushed . Was aiming scanner . Could be a set up ?
What think you of the heavy service to the women ?	. . . I’ll take the Endorsement of Law Enforcement all over the Country , and Joe can have the RINO’S . This Snyder mess was made during the OBiden era - no wonder they’re friends !
In the place to her again .	The failed former Governor of Michigan , RINO Rick Snyder , who was responsible for the Flint Water Disaster ( and I let him know it ! ) , is now endorsing Sleepy Joe Biden , who doesn’t have a clue ! Snyder , whose political career was ruined by Flint , hurt a lot of people in Michigan . . .
The the the world is the Moor is made a crown to work a house and a little in the house and the world ’ s father ’ s bed of a bed a bed and a bed and fall is made a bed and with a work is a	Check out this Mail-In Voting experiment by a local news station !
What ’ s a man ’ s my lord !	. . . These are horrendous people that we must defeat on November 3rd !
.	Poll: Trump Better Than Biden On Economic Growth , 55% to 34% . That’s all ? Who are the 34% ?
Who is a “ he hath a ”	Germany pays Russia billions of dollars a year for Energy , and we are supposed to protect Germany from Russia . What’s that all about ? Also , Germany is very delinquent in their 2% fee to NATO . We are therefore moving some troops out of Germany !
What ’ s No more !	. . . Secret Service would not allow the trip to the cemetery based on very bad weather and security concerns . Now these low-life Biden handlers are making commercials of this fictional statement , with no proof , and think they can get away with it . . .
What a great time had we a hours in the hours of great place and merry .	On top of a lie made up by a low-life “reporter” , who is known for disinformation , the Democrats have taken his false words and put them into a TV commercial . We now have 21 witnesses stating that the story is a BIG LIE . Even Biden admits this may not be true . . .
I gave away to see how to hear how to hear the people .	Mattis was our Country’s most overrated General . He talked a lot , but never “brought home the bacon . ” He was terrible ! Someday I will tell the real story on him and others - both good and bad !
In the time !	Will be interviewed by SeanHannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . Eastern on FoxNews . Enjoy !
Why , a matter .	Mail-In Voting is already proving to be a catastrophic disaster . Even testing areas are way off . The Dems talk of foreign influence in voting , but they know that Mail-In Voting is an easy way for foreign countries to enter the race . Even beyond that , there’s no accurate count !
In the money away !	These are my real words about our GREAT HEROES , not made up lies by the enemy . THANK YOU and God Bless You All !
I ’ ll be a bed , and never be of her !	She is far further left than Crazy Bernie . Biden would not last a month !
Why , a more than I do desire .	Major China Virus flare ups in many of the countries that the Fake News was touting as doing so well . Some of these countries are now a disaster . Lamestream Media doesn’t want to report this . Also , highly inaccurate numbers being reported by many other countries ! ! ! WSJ
What 's a matter !	. . . If in doubt , ask why the bill withholds $12 billion in highway funds until local authorities agree to federal control ? I will protect the suburbs . Biden will destroy the suburbs !
What 's a matter !	Fake News asks why I bring up Booker . It’s because Biden supports Booker’s bill that forces federal control of local zoning and low income housing in suburbs . . .
What ’ s people ’ s people call you ?	. WhiteHouse TRANSITION TO GREATNESS !
The man that be , if the valor hath confess the valor to shake them ”	For years Fake stories and investigations , then the phony Russia , Russia , Russia HOAX , next Ukraine and the failed Impeachment , now the crummy Atlantic Magazine’s MADE UP STORY , and lastly , the political hit job by rapidly fading Bob Woodward and his boring book . It never ends !
The people being a people by the people ’ ll help ?	Homeland Security or Federal Forces are little involved in Seattle , other than we have a large standby team in case of emergency . The media is calling that one wrong also . In Portland , we are protecting Federal property , including the Courthouse , which wouldn’t last a day !
Let the morning free .	With Universal Mail-In Voting ( not Absentee Voting , which is good ) , 2020 will be the most INACCURATE &; FRAUDULENT Election in history . It will be a great embarrassment to the USA . Delay the Election until people can properly , securely and safely vote ? ? ?
.	THE REAWAKENING OF AMERICA !
A mighty mighty mighty mighty may be .	Will be interviewed by seanhannity on FoxNews - NOW !
Who to her that speak of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
As many a times of her times , ” is a times the many of her .	Kate Brown , Governor of Oregon , isn’t doing her job . She must clear out , and in some cases arrest , the Anarchists &; Agitators in Portland . If she can’t do it , the Federal Government will do it for her . We will not be leaving until there is safety !
What ’ s a very very a very though it have his legs .	Minnesota needs DJT &; LacyJohnsonMN NOW . When I insisted on the National Guard , things got better FAST . Enough with Omar , you’ll have nothing left !
The time to hear , and hear , good news , I ’ s good watch !	Thank you LouDobbs !
Why , some more loves her than with reason than the people ?	Drug prices will soon be lowered massively . Big Pharma ( Drug Companies ) are advertising against me like crazy because lower prices mean less profit . When you watch a Fake Ad , just think lower drug prices ! ! !
Call it on her ” at her men ’ s ' em , and call , and buy ’ s revenge !	robblapp True and thanks !
O , ho !	Support Patio Pizza and its wonderful owner , Guy Caligiuri , in St . James , Long Island ( N . Y . ) . Great Pizza ! ! ! Varneyco
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Great job ChuckGrassley , you really get it !
Call it , and her again , think !	. . . the phone with his amazing wife Gloria , daughter , Melanie , and son Vincent to express my deepest condolences to the entire family . FLOTUS Melania and I loved Herman Cain , a great man . Herman , Rest In Peace !
Call her a ”	My friend Herman Cain , a Powerful Voice of Freedom and all that is good , passed away this morning . Herman had an incredible career and was adored by everyone that ever met him , especially me . He was a very special man , an American Patriot , and great friend . I just got off . . .
What , if thou hear a more than a bed !	Should have let police do their job and brought in National Guard on Day One , not Day Four !
What a hundred was a man !	Thank you LizMacDonaldFOX &; KristinBTate !
What , ’ s great a great him !	Thank you Heather !
Why , thou art thou me ?	LET'S BRING THEM HOME ! TuckerCarlson
The When you be with her , and be , and be angry .	VOTE TRUMP CALIFORNIA !
The taken , a very fit .	Glad I was able to get the very dishonest LameStream Media to finally start talking about the RISKS to our Democracy from dangerous Universal Mail-In-Voting ( not Absentee Voting , which I totally support ! ) .
He did not that he did see their key , and a hot .	Wow , what does this grim picture remind you of ? I am the only thing in the Radical Left’s way ! VOTE
I knew not a thought but for the good good good for the thing I am I have never as I have heard .	You don’t want to miss SeanHannity’s segment with KarlRove . Thank you !
Let the fear of fear , let ’ s back . ”	We are going to WIN the 2020 Election , BIG ! #MAGA
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Where are all of the arrests ? Can you imagine if the roles were reversed ? Long term sentences would have started two years ago . Shameful !
What ’ s a ” ” ?	Must know Election results on the night of the Election , not days , months , or even years later !
Look in the tale of her never have the wind of the wind of the wind ’ s full of the tale in the wind of her men ’ s one of her men ’ s one of her	Talks unity but illegally spied on my campaign , and much worse - COUP ! Too late for the nice talk Sleepy Joe ! VOTE
.	Thank you !
Look you , sir , ’ s a hours ?	As the Wall goes up , illegal crossings go down . This past week we built over 10 miles of Wall at our Southern Border . We now have 256 miles of NEW Wall and we are on track to have 300 miles completed by the end of August !
What ’ s a men all ’ s great people , and great people ’ s great Thanks !	My Administration has been focused on finding treatments for Coronavirus . If you’ve recovered from Coronavirus , donate your plasma today to help SAVE LIVES ! Together , we will beat the Virus !
What ’ s a daughter of her daughter , and almost great people , great great a great Cassio !	He’s been a wacko for years , and everyone knows it . The Lamestream Media is stuck with him and they are just now trying to clean up his act . Notice how all of the bad things , like his very low IQ , are no longer reported ? Fake News ! #MAGA
Call it a service .	Fake News is at it again ! They will take any statement from me , no matter how proper or well delivered , &; systematically , in complete conjunction with all of their allies , dismantle it . With Biden , they only give him softballs , and let him read the answers from a teleprompter !
What ’ s all all all all all .	Great to spend time with Mike Singletary while going to Texas . He’s one of the greatest football players ever — A strong man and a really good person . Great being with you Mike !
What love I love ’ s love !	No , Vindman knew the call itself to the Ukrainian President was “perfect” , but also knew the whistleblower report described the call incorrectly , way off . Why didn’t Vindman say so ? That’s why Shifty didn’t want the whistleblower to testify . A big scam !
What a great fellow is a fellow and a great man ’ s great that ’ s great a great a great fellow ’ s great a great fellow of a fellow !	Somebody please tell Congressman Clyburn , who doesn’t have a clue , that the chart he put up indicating more CASES for the USA than Europe , is because we do MUCH MORE testing than any other country in the World . If we had no testing , or bad testing , we would show very few CASES . .
What ’ s a very man ’ s man .	. . . . . Our massive testing capability , rather than being praised , is used by the Lamestream Media and their partner , the Do Nothing Radical Left Democrats , as a point of scorn . This testing , and what we have so quickly done , is used as a Fake News weapon . Sad !
The food is but to him the better for the better .	Your mother is GREAT !
But ’ s ’ s a people with love ?	Anarchists , Agitators or Protestors who vandalize or damage our Federal Courthouse in Portland , or any Federal Buildings in any of our Cities or States , will be prosecuted under our recently re-enacted Statues &; Monuments Act . MINIMUM TEN YEARS IN PRISON . Don’t do it ! DHSgov
Faith , it to his marriage of the marriage .	Great job by Jim Jordan , and also some very good statements by Tony Fauci . Big progress being made !
.	NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT COUGHT COLD IN THE ( NON ) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT , IN FACT , THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP , WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS . PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE !
O , thou art thou !	NOW THAT THE RADICAL LEFT DEMOCRATS GOT CAUGHT COLD IN THE ( NON ) FRIENDLY TRANSFER OF GOVERNMENT , IN FACT , THEY SPIED ON MY CAMPAIGN AND WENT FOR A COUP , WE ARE ENTITLED TO ASK THE VOTERS FOR FOUR MORE YEARS . PLEASE REMEMBER THIS WHEN YOU VOTE !
Call them all , ’ s a ”	So disgusting to watch Twitter’s so-called “Trending” , where sooo many trends are about me , and never a good one . They look for anything they can find , make it as bad as possible , and blow it up , trying to make it trend . Really ridiculous , illegal , and , of course , very unfair !
Who hath made all his sad !	We just got 50% in Rasmussen , and much higher in our internal polls . We are doing a new ad campaign on Sleepy Joe Biden that will be out on Monday . He has been brought even further LEFT than Crazy Bernie Sanders ever thought possible . By the way , Bernie’s people love me on Trade !
What thou hast thou thou hast a man ?	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
A pretty French ?	Undecided Voters at Concast Town Hall Previously Told Network They Were Voting Biden . . .
He was with a man !	. BillHagertyTN , an outstanding man and one of the best Ambassadors ever ( Japan ) , is running an excellent campaign for the Senate . He loves Tennessee and loves our Country . We need him badly in Washington . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
Why , you thank you !	Governor Cuomo has completely lost control . Sad !
In a last of her ” — A one , and the two words !	THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA IS THE REAL OPPOSITION PARTY !
Great the Moor and his bed from this ”	. . . . would destroy our American cities , and worse , if Sleepy Joe Biden , the puppet of the Left , ever won . Markets would crash and cities would burn . Our Country would suffer like never before . We will beat the Virus , soon , and go on to the Golden Age - better than ever before !
What 's !	The Fake News Media is trying to portray the Portland and Seattle “protesters” as wonderful , sweet and innocent people just out for a little stroll . Actually , they are sick and deranged Anarchists &; Agitators who our great men &; women of Law Enforcement easily control , but who . . .
Who ’ s a thank you !	One of the WORST governors in the USA . Caused 11 , 000 deaths in nursing homes alone due to his bad moves and incompetence . At least he said I “did a phenomenal job” . But he didn’t ! ! !
Come , keep a man !	Pelosi &; Schumer have no interest in making a deal that is good for our Country and our People . All they want is a trillion dollars , and much more , for their Radical Left Governed States , most of which are doing very badly . It is called a BAILOUT for many years of bad Dem Mgmt !
.	Early voting and vote-by-mail start TODAY in ARIZONA ! Cast your vote early in person , or request your vote-by-mail ballot right now . We want all eligible voters to vote , and have it counted ! Request your vote-by-mail ballot by clicking below ! #VOTE
.	Now FoxNews is putting on yet another loser , Jamie Weinstein , into their stable of Trump haters . People who failed for many years are now going on Fox to explain “Trump” . Schumer puppet Chris Hahn and his twin brother , Richard Goodstein , together with cheater Donna Brazil . Bad !
But that was a place in the place in the hour of the hour .	Pelosi &; Schumer blocked desperately needed unemployment payments , which is so terrible , especially since they fully understand that it was not the workers fault that they are unemployed , it’s the fault of China !
The time and write in her men ’ s last .	Very disappointed in SenSchumer for blocking the temporary extension of the $600 unemployment benefits . The Do Nothing Democrats are more interested in playing politics than in helping our deserving people . DRAIN THE SWAMP ON NOVEMBER 3RD !
Did you do with my mind ?	Kim Jong Un is in good health . Never underestimate him !
The dog is ’ s a dog tonight .	The Democrats are holding back the $1 , 200 to $3 , 400 ( family of four ) checks that were ready to be sent out !
Great the man ’ s Cassio ’ s a ” he ’ s part .	I am thrilled to be back in my home state of Florida—and honored to receive the endorsement of dozens of incredible Florida Sheriffs , THANK YOU ! #LESM
Do you do with the mind ?	“Comey is a disgraced lier &; leaker . Two years wasted on the Russia Witch Hunt was in large part because of his failings as Director of the FBI . They refused to support the results of the 2016 Election . Part of the biggest political scandal we have ever seen . ” SarahHuckabee
Great from her ?	I’m with you all the way , thank you !
What men ’ s men think you had the best ?	We beat Obama 4 years ago , he worked harder than Crooked Hillary , and we’ll do it again !
What did you think of her ?	We have more Cases because we do more Testing . It’s Lamestream Media Gold !
Call her her her again .	New Mexico will only be GREAT with President Trump . We will win !
.	Wrong ! We have more cases because we have tested far more than any other country , 60 , 000 , 000 . If we tested less , there would be less cases . How did Italy , France &; Spain do ? Now Europe sadly has flare ups . Most of our governors worked hard &; smart . We will come back STRONG ! ::
.	Mike Pence is doing GREAT ! She is a gaffe machine .
.	Jake , this wasn’t a Trump Rally , but rather a very successful gathering of the great Sheriffs and Law Enforcement ( of Florida ) who gave me their unequivocal ENDORSEMENT . No Defund the Police here . Best Wishes !
.	Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:00 P . M . Eastern .
The her that she ’ s a sin of my peace , and my lord .	“Nadler calls ANTIFA violence a MYTH . ” foxandfriends They are Anarchists with miles of “tape” showing their illegal activity . Jerry , blame it on Russia , Russia , Russia !
What ’ s all ?	Payroll Tax Cut plus Dollars !
What love !	Joe Biden opposed taking out Osama bin Laden . . .
The chain of my face ’ s the night 's thank ’ s the day !	. . . . be able to produce what I have . So when you see those nasty ads from Big Pharma remember , the only reason they are going all out is the massive PRICE REDUCTIONS you are getting - not good for them . Plus , I was only President in 51 years that got a Prescription D reduction !
What ’ s Love and show the show of love !	Big Pharma is taking television ads trying to make the case that I am raising prescription drug prices on seniors . The ad is a lie ! What I have done will lead to a 50% REDUCTION in prices , at least , &; Big Pharma is not happy about it . No other President would . . . .
Why , a matter .	Peggy Noonan , a “Concast” MSDNC WSJ puppet , doesn’t have a clue , and hasn’t for many years . Never got the “Trump thing” . She plays right into the hands of the stupid people !
Why , a matter .	Will be doing a News Conference live from the White House at 3:30 P . M . Eastern .
Who ’ s a best ’ s men !	“Biden TAX PLAN would raise $4 TRILLION , more than twice the hike proposed by Clinton in 2016”
The very sick is given your daughter .	I actually agree with this . Too much income disparity . Changes must be made , and soon !
What love I love you and her bed , sweet her sweet good good good good good good .	Moderator cut off VP Mike Pence while discussing the Knights of Columbus . This is what he was referring to . . . “Kamala Harris’s Outrageous Assault on the Knights of Columbus”
Why , a friend !	A great new book , “Defender in Chief: Donald Trump's Fight for Presidential Power” , written by celebrated constitutional scholar , John Yoo , is now available . Thanks so much John – greatly appreciate your support and words of wisdom !
What ’ s my lord , her ’ s ’ s the matter !	Very excited to see SeanHannity’s long awaited new book , 'Live Free or Die: America ( and the World ) on the Brink' which will be released on Tuesday , August 4th . Sean is a Great American Patriot . Make sure to get your copy today !
Who ’ s my her was a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s a ”	Washington is wasting over $2 billion this year on Solyndra type loans . Yet they want to cut military spending .
What , and the more , and more ' th ' st more ' st , and more , and there ?	“Biden to raise taxes by 3 Trillion Dollars . ” Actually , it will be much more than that , and much of it on nonsense . Markets and your 401k’s will CRASH . Jobs will disappear !
What a great fellow are a fellow with a great fellow !	. LaurenBoebert is a tremendous fighter for the people of Colorado ! A Rising Star , Lauren is Strong on the Second Amendment , Jobs , Energy , Healthcare and our incredible Military &; Vets . Lauren has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #CO03
What ’ s the lord !	Mary Miller ( Miller_Congress ) will be a terrific Congresswoman for Illinois ! She is Strong on the Border , Life , Low Taxes , and she will always protect and defend your Second Amendment . Mary has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IL15
Why , all , ’ t , it loves .	Big flare ups in Europe . Fake News USA doesn’t like talking about this !
A piece of her piece of her ' em !	2010 to 2016 under Kamala Harris's watch as "TOP COP . ”
Why , a matter .	Congressman RichHudson is working hard and creating jobs for the people of North Carolina ! He strongly supports our Military , Vets and the Second Amendment . Richard has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NC08
A true !	. ByronDonalds will be a phenomenal Congressman for the people of Florida ! He strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement , School Choice , Military , Vets and the Second Amendment ! Byron is a Rising Star ! He has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #FL19
I hate him but a hate him but a bad news .	. Kat_Cammack will be an incredible Congresswoman and leader for Florida ! A Successful Businesswoman , she strongly supports our Brave First Responders &; Law Enforcement , Life and the Second Amendment ! Kat has my Complete and Total Endorsement #FL03
What I can be done and it is a man !	Cathy McMorris Rodgers ( TeamCMR ) has been a tremendous advocate for the people of Washington State ! She supports our Military and Vets , and protects your State’s incredible Natural Resources . Cathy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WA05
No , they have no man no man .	Congressman Dan Newhouse ( Newhouse4Rep ) is doing a phenomenal job for Washington State ! He is Strong on the Economy and Law Enforcement , and he works hard to preserve your State’s beautiful Public Lands . Dan has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #WA04
O , ho !	Landing in the Great State of Michigan now . See you soon !
You have done , that you are enough to do , — And they do be .	Mike Pence WON BIG !
I ’ s a one of her .	Congressman Blaine Luetkemeyer ( LuetkemeyerB ) is doing a terrific job for Missouri ! As a Small Businessman , he helped us Lower your Taxes , Strengthen our Military , and Defend your Second Amendment . Blaine has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MO03
Why , so .	Congresswoman Vicky Hartzler ( VickyH4Congress ) works hard for the people of Missouri ! She strongly supports our incredible Military and Vets , protects American Farmers , and fights for Life . Vicky has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MO04
I will , you , good good good good good good good , I will go .	THANK YOU MICHIGAN ! #MAGA
After the men ’ s years that ’ s years , he loves him .	Will be interviewed by MariaBartiromo at 8:00 A . M . FoxBusiness Great Jobs Numbers &; Economy , Plus !
What says many a love may be more than the matter , and what is he should be a week .	Vote these people out . They are CRAZY ! #2020
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Herman Cain handled the pressure of the debate really well . THEHermancain
What ’ s a more ’ s a time was a time ’ s one of her ?	Congressman Billy Long ( auctnr1 ) fully supports our America First agenda ! He strongly supports our WALL , protects our Vets , and defends Life and your Second Amendment . Billy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MO07
I never did lie , thou hast made a chain , you ’ s never did lie !	When we win I , as your President , will totally forgive ALL deferred payroll taxes with money from the General Fund . I will ALWAYS protect Seniors and your Social Security ! Sleepy Joe Biden will do the opposite , he will raise your taxes and DESTROY our Country !
What say ?	Great going to a very talented group !
The one of the matter ’ s bed with her ?	Dale Crafts ( DaleCraftsME ) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine ! An experienced businessman , Dale knows how to Create Jobs . He loves our Vets and Military , and he will always defend your Second Amendment . Dale has my Complete and Total Endorsement !
What is , but the her that have her hear .	Biden will Shutdown the Economy at the tip of a hat , raise your Taxes , knock out your Second Amendment and Defund , or close , your Police . The Suburbs would be next , get ready . Also , and incredibly , PACK THE UNITED STATES SUPREME COURT . This is not what the USA wants ! ! ! #MAGA
Who ’ s her that her say too .	Congressman Jason Smith ( JasonSmithMO ) is a conservative warrior for Missouri ! He helped us Cut your Taxes , Build the Wall , and he stands strongly with me against the Radical Left ! Jason has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MO08
.	. . . the vaccine , destroy the suburbs , erase your borders , and indoctrinate your children with poisonous anti-American lies !
Why , a matter .	On November 3rd , Michigan will decide whether we will quickly return to record prosperity—or whether we allow Sleepy Joe Biden to impose a $4 TRILLION DOLLAR TAX HIKE , ban American Energy , confiscate your guns , shutdown the economy , shutdown auto production , delay . . .
Why , a matter .	If a Republican LIED like Biden and Harris do , constantly , the Lamestream Media would be calling them out at a level never recorded before . For one year they called for No Fracking and big Tax Increases . Now they each say opposite . Fake News is working overtime !
The out upon the man had a say to heaven than to me !	The Great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania would absolutely die without the jobs and dollars brought in by Fracking . Massive numbers ! Now Biden &; Harris , after Radical Left Dem Primaries , are trying to change their stance . Pennsylvania wants Energy and Second Amendment !
What art thou so dull !	I have taken the toughest-ever action to stand up to China’s rampant theft of Michigan jobs . Sleepy Joe Biden has vowed to remove those Tariffs and allow China to resume its pillaging . Joe Biden’s Agenda is Made in China , my agenda is Made in the USA !
Why , is true .	TO MY FAVORITE PEOPLE IN THE WORLD !
Why , so , so much , I could I have met him .	A vote for Republicans is a vote for safe communities , great jobs , and a limitless future for ALL Americans . Instead of letting Washington change us , despite all that we have been through , we are changing Washington ! #MAGA
What ’ s no more than her that , That ’ s a thing ’ s the sea !	“The Plus , Self-Help for People Who Hate Self-Help” , by the very smart and witty greggutfeld , is on sale now . It is great , Canceling Cancel Culture . Make his book as successful as his T . V . Show . Buy it now !
Who is the one of my was of her , and was the matter .	Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK ! He was a disaster in his handling oh H1N1 Swine Flu . He didn’t have a clue , with his own Chief of Staff so saying . If he were in charge , perhaps 2 . 2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease !
Call it !	Congratulations to JPMorgan Chase for ordering everyone BACK TO OFFICE on September 21st . Will always be better than working from home !
Call it , her lord , her ' tis a chamber !	Joe Biden has no plan for Coronavirus - ALL TALK ! He was a disaster in his handling of H1N1 Swine Flu . He didn’t have a clue , with his own Chief of Staff so saying . If he were in charge , perhaps 2 . 2 million people would have died from this much more lethal disease !
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	#NeverForget #September11
The men , that nature hath the way to be all the way .	In 2001 , our Nation , united under God , made an unbreakable promise never to forget the nearly 3 , 000 innocent Americans who were senselessly killed on September 11th . On this sacred day — Patriot Day — we solemnly honor that commitment .
My lord , on the more ’ s his crown , ’ s will come from my lord , my lord , on the more of her ”	LAW &; ORDER !
He does not free , when you are free , When you are but mad , as mad !	Sleepy Joe Biden is just a Trojan Horse for the Radical Left Agenda . He will do whatever they want !
What and his grief and his bed !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
What ’ s other wit in her wit ?	Jim Bognet ( Bognet4congress ) will be a tremendous advocate for Pennsylvania in Congress ! He is Tough on Immigration and Crime , and he is Strong on Jobs , our Military , Vets , and the Second Amendment . Jim has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #PA08
What ’ s the place ?	Texarkana Regional Airport has a major grant coming its way from USDOT . I’m designating $3 . 6 million to reconstruct its terminal building , in addition to 5 more airport grants around the State . Glad to help the people of Arkansas !
He he !	Kamala Harris Lied Repeatedly and Got Away With It:
They were a one of her , in the other people ?	Great news for Florida ! $3 . 3 million will be sent to flyKissimmee from USDOT for airport improvements and safety enhancements . This is so important for Central Florida and will bring a much-needed boost to the State’s economy !
Who ’ s the more of the matter ’ s 'll it !	I am designating $18 . 77M from USDOT for 7 airports across Pennsylvania . PITairport , Northeast Philadelphia Airport , Erie International Airport , and others around the State . GREAT news for a GREAT State !
.	Crazy Nancy is the one who should be under observation . They don’t call her Crazy for nothing !
What 's !	BIG bucks are on their way to ILMairport . Over $21 . 1 MILLION designated to Wilmington International from USDOT to expand their terminal and make other major upgrades and safety enhancements . This will help to create JOBS and growth in the region !
In the light of her men ’ ll be much to be .	I am designating $18 . 9 million from USDOT to MANY airports in Ohio , including goingplacescle , CAKairport , and several others , for improvements , updates , and safety . Great for the economy and the people of Ohio !
They are all a foolish , a foolish men !	Another HISTORIC breakthrough today ! Our two GREAT friends Israel and the Kingdom of Bahrain agree to a Peace Deal – the second Arab country to make peace with Israel in 30 days !
What is foul , the bird !	Reno-Stead Airport has big bucks coming its way . I’m designating over $4 . 8 million from USDOT to reconstruct the airport’s taxiway and ramp . This , along with 4 other airport grants to Nevada , will help in the economic recovery and GROWTH of the State !
The more , the will make them .	Looking forward to speaking with the Great Rush and guests !
Will be the and be in his people in his people ?	I am in AirForceOne_HQ flying to the Great State of Texas . It is AMAZING in watching FoxNews how different they are from four years ago . Not even watchable . They totally forgot who got them where they are !
.	Joint Statement of the United States , the Kingdom of Bahrain , and the State of Israel
Who in the people ’ s the hell ?	If Congress doesn’t bring fairness to Big Tech , which they should have done years ago , I will do it myself with Executive Orders . In Washington , it has been ALL TALK and NO ACTION for years , and the people of our Country are sick and tired of it !
Ay , a man !	. . . Your housing prices will go up based on the market , and crime will go down . I have rescinded the Obama-Biden AFFH Rule . Enjoy !
Why , a little thing that makes a little . ” — ”	I am happy to inform all of the people living their Suburban Lifestyle Dream that you will no longer be bothered or financially hurt by having low income housing built in your neighborhood . . .
What ’ s ship to a man ’ s lord , and go with a man ’ s ship , and come to a less .	. . . With Biden , drug prices will quadruple ! After many years , the game is finally up for Big Pharma , and they’re NOT HAPPY about it ! Please understand that when you see their negative ads !
Our enemy is the enemy is from our enemy , Our enemy loves !	The drug companies are spending millions of dollars in advertising against me , only because I am lowering drug prices massively , 50% and more ! Biden and Obama said they would do this for eight years , but never did . . .
Will the men read the people ?	Death penalty ! He killed and badly wounded many . Justice !
A good a Mark ’ s a man ’ s part .	Great honor to have the endorsement of the Governor of Puerto Rico , Wanda Vázquez Garced . As I have always said , Donald J . Trump is the best thing to ever happen to the people of Puerto Rico . The drug manufacturers are now coming back . Biden ended that program ! wandavazquezg
Who ’ s wife !	Pelosi and Schumer want Trillions of Dollars of BAILOUT money for Blue States that are doing badly , both economically and in terms of high crime , as a condition to making a deal on stimulus - But the USA is coming back strong !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	I was on Air Force One flying to the Great State of Texas , where I just landed . It is AMAZING in watching FoxNews how different they are from four years ago . Not even watchable . They totally forgot who got them where they are !
What ’ s a man !	I will be interviewed by seanhannity tonight at 9:00 P . M . FoxNews Enjoy !
Call it , work in the holy sun !	Congressman Sam Graves is doing an incredible job for Missouri ! He fights for American Energy Independence , defends your Second Amendment , and he’ll help us rebuild our nation’s Infrastructure . Sam has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #MO06
I , by a much .	THANK YOU to the 28 , 000+ Firefighters and other First Responders who are battling wildfires across California , Oregon , and Washington . I have approved 37 Stafford Act Declarations , including Fire Management Grants to support their brave work . We are with them all the way !
Will be so , and that ’ s a thing , i ' th ' faith , a thing .	. . . do not stop the Crime and Violence from the Anarchists and Agitators immediately , the Federal Government will go in and do the job that local law enforcement was supposed to do !
Ay , we can be so , and that should not have the way to have been !	Also , they want to Raise Taxes Big and Obliterate your great Second Amendment ! ! !
What did you think of the ?	What are the odds of 31 phones accidentally wiped clean ? " LizMacDonaldFOX realKTMcFarland
In the matter of a thing of men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s will come to the hours of men of her .	If the Federal Government and its brilliant Law Enforcement ( Homeland ) didn’t go into Portland one week ago , there would be no Portland -- It would be burned and beaten to the ground . If the Mayor and Governor . . .
What or a what ’ s a man ?	Biden is against Oil , Guns and Religion , a very bad combination to be fighting in the Great State of Texas . We are Winning Big , in the Real Polls , all over the Country ! ! ! NOVEMBER 3rd . VOTE ! ! !
This first hath been a challenge a challenge .	. . . I do not tolerate ANY extreme violence . Defending ALL Americans , even those who oppose and attack me , is what I will always do as your President ! Governor Whitmer—open up your state , open up your schools , and open up your churches !
.	This is outrageous . Must be met with immediate litigation ! GOPChairwoman
How ’ s her and her ?	I love Colorado !
I hope you are the people .	The Gallup Poll has just come out with the incredible finding that 56% of you say that you are better off today , during a pandemic , than you were four years ago ( OBiden ) . Highest number on record ! Pretty amazing !
He loves a man !	Really Sad !
.	Nick has my Complete and Total Endorsement . A warrior for Virginia and the USA ! Big on protecting your Second Amendment !
The matter like a work of her again .	Hunter - Meadow is proud of you . So am I . Congratulations !
The watch of the watch tonight .	A must watch for the good of our DEMOCRACY !
What ’ s a men ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I'll be on Greta Van Susteren's show tonight at 10 PM on FoxNews . Tune in .
Who ’ s a one ’ s a man ’ s part but a more a thing ’ s part but a more a ” a one of a one ’ s a ”	Great !
What , that I were in the matter in the matter , which they were ?	I will save your a Second Amendment , Virginia . He is going to take it away . Vote Trump !
Give her a one till the men mad of men ’ s mad , and a mad , and a thing is a man ’ s one of her mad tonight !	Thank you Rachael . That is the best way to beat the Fake News !
What ’ s thou shalt make a more of her ?	Hello !
He he !	Thank You Samantha . A Star Is Born ! ! !
What ’ s the people have a work of her ?	That’s because it is mostly FAKE NEWS !
He ’ ll be gone !	VOTE !
Who is much a man ’ s work of her .	Madison is a star who loves the USA and his Great State , North Carolina . Will fight for Military , Vets , 2nd Amendment , Lower Taxes &; Regulations . He is a winner who has my Complete &; Total Endorsement !
What 's !	Steve Scully , the second Debate Moderator , is a Never Trumper , just like the son of the great Mike Wallace . Fix ! ! !
Great the office , and her men ’ s all the business of the matter !	Crazy Nancy Pelosi is looking at the 25th Amendment in order to replace Joe Biden with Kamala Harris . The Dems want that to happen fast because Sleepy Joe is out of it ! ! !
Is the day to his bed to work ?	Was in the Great State of Texas this week and explained that the Radical Left Do Nothing Democrats , headed up by their great leader , Sleepy Joe Biden ( who never leaves his basement ) , are strongly against “Oil , Gas , Guns , &; God” . Must be tough to win Texas on that platform !
Read my lord , you should be a good cheer , and he should not a hundred times .	Just got a briefing on Hurricane Delta rushing toward Louisiana and Mississippi . fema is there and ready ! ! !
You must be a man , and he is !	Covid Relief Negotiations are moving along . Go Big !
.	Will be doing show with RushLimbaughEIB at 12:00 P . M . TALK RADIO . ENJOY ! ! !
The more than it is a friend .	Breaking News: 50 , 000 OHIO VOTERS getting WRONG ABSENTEE BALLOTS . Out of control . A Rigged Election ! ! !
A great great Which had rather of her people at the great men ’ s great great great Which hath lost of his great lost of his people would have lost his people had a crown of his people .	Donald Trump’s commercial-free WWE Raw does big rating:
With the one of her ’ s the new of the new	COLORADO ! Your mail ballots are being sent out beginning TODAY ! Fill them out and VOTE #TrumpPence2020 !
Who ’ s men ’ s doubt , sir , sir , sir , sir , sir , and the king ’ s York , and be all of York ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s York , and be all of York .	Will be in Sanford , Florida on Monday for a very BIG RALLY !
What ’ s a years of her years ’ s years ’ s years of the years ’ s years of the years of her years ’ s years ”	Thank you SenatorDole . So true !
He was , good good good good .	. SteveScully , the Never Trumper next debate moderator , got caught cold . Pulled out the old , “I’ve been hacked” , line . That never works . His bosses are furious at him as he’s lost all credibility !
God God ’ s good fortune !	Big China Virus breakouts all over the World , including nations which were thought to have done a great job . The Fake News doesn’t report this . USA will be stronger than ever before , and soon !
Call it on a wind of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s earth .	Documents reveal that General Flynn was entrapped ! EveningEdit FoxNews
You thank you .	When you see the Drug Companies taking massive television ads against me , forget what they say ( which is false ) , YOU KNOW THAT DRUG PRICES ARE COMING DOWN , BIG . Favored Nations Clause means USA will pay the lowest price of any nation in the World . Never done before . Watch ! ! !
What ’ s the other will run ?	Great to have NASA Astronauts return to Earth after very successful two month mission . Thank you to all !
Call her true and so .	China owes us money . . . . #trumpvlog
A great a mind .	Astronauts complete first splashdown in 45 years . Very exciting !
The that loves her that she is with me .	I was honored to receive the first ever Presidential Endorsement from the Florida Police Chiefs Association . Thank you , I will NEVER let you down ! FloridaChiefs #LESM
Think you , when thou could be in the life of all of your life .	. . . . and ruined . The Federal Government must again seek the Death Penalty in a do-over of that chapter of the original trial . Our Country cannot let the appellate decision stand . Also , it is ridiculous that this process is taking so long !
He he !	Rarely has anybody deserved the death penalty more than the Boston Bomber , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . The court agreed that this “was one of the worst domestic terrorist attacks since the 9/11 atrocities” . Yet the appellate court tossed out the death sentence . So many lives lost . . . .
Why , a matter .	. . . today that they foiled a dangerous plot against the Governor of Michigan . Rather than say thank you , she calls me a White Supremacist—while Biden and Democrats refuse to condemn Antifa , Anarchists , Looters and Mobs that burn down Democrat run cities . . .
Why , a matter .	Governor Whitmer of Michigan has done a terrible job . She locked down her state for everyone , except her husband’s boating activities . The Federal Government provided tremendous help to the Great People of Michigan . My Justice Department and Federal Law Enforcement announced . . .
Why , I would make a great great again .	Obama , Biden , Crooked Hillary and many others got caught in a Treasonous Act of Spying and Government Overthrow , a Criminal Act . How is Biden now allowed to run for President ?
What ’ s a man !	Joe Biden is a PUPPET of CASTRO-CHAVISTAS like Crazy Bernie , AOC and Castro-lover Karen Bass . Biden is supported by socialist Gustavo Petro , a major LOSER and former M-19 guerrilla leader . Biden is weak on socialism and will betray Colombia . I stand with you !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Congratulations to former President AlvaroUribeVel , a hero , former recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom and an ally of our Country in the fight against CASTRO-CHAVISMO ! I will always stand with our Colombian friends !
What was a her , I have done !	As the 1st President to formally recognize the issue of Missing &; Murdered Native Americans , today , I was proud to sign Savanna’s Act &; the Not Invisible Act . We have also provided $295 Million to support public safety &; crime victims . Forgotten NO MORE ! #OperationLadyJustice
You thank you .	Dale Crafts ( DaleCraftsME ) will be a tremendous Congressman for Maine ! An experienced businessman , Dale knows how to Create Jobs . He loves our Vets &; Military and he will always defend your Second Amendment . Dale has my Complete &; Total Endorsement ! #ME02
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Ashley Hinson ( hinsonashley ) will be a tremendous advocate for the People of Iowa ! She will fight for our Military , Vets , Small Businesses &; our Incredible Farmers—a true supporter of our #MAGA Agenda ! Ashley has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #IA01
The our country 's a foul world !	FAKE NEWS IS THE ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE !
Why , a matter .	Yvette Herrell ( Yvette4Congress ) is a proven fighter for New Mexico ! She strongly supports our Brave Law Enforcement , Life and the Second Amendment . Strong on the Border and Trade , Yvette has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #NM02
I am a lady at the matter of her ' s ”	Cases up because of BIG Testing ! Much of our Country is doing very well . Open the Schools !
With the matter that the Moor is on the Moor .	We need Tiffany Shedd ( Tiffany_Shedd ) in Congress to fight for the people of Arizona ! She will be a tremendous ally and advocate for Arizona’s Farmers , the Second Amendment and the Border . Tiffany has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #AZ01
You thank you .	96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . 50% in new Rasmussen Poll ( higher than Obama at this point in time ) . Thank you !
Why , a matter .	My visits last week to Texas and Frorida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways , thousands and thousands , even bigger ( by far ) than the crowds of 2016 . Saw no Biden supporters , and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number . Sad !
You thank you .	We need NancyMace in Congress to fight for the people of South Carolina ! Strong on the Military , Law Enforcement and our Veterans , Nancy has been with me and our America First agenda since the beginning ! Nancy has my Complete and Total Endorsement ! #SC01
Who ’ s a work of her ” ' tis a ” — “ ”	Wow ! Really bad TV Ratings for Morning Joe ( JoeNBC ) . foxandfriends doing great , leading all others by far . CNN not a factor ! ! !
Ay , sir .	So Crazy Nancy Pelosi said horrible things about Dr . Deborah Birx , going after her because she was too positive on the very good job we are doing on combatting the China Virus , including Vaccines &; Therapeutics . In order to counter Nancy , Deborah took the bait &; hit us . Pathetic !
Who ’ s a bed of her bed for a woman ' s thousand ' wind of her	RECORD HIGH NASDAQ ! It would all come crashing down , including your Jobs , Stocks , and 401k’s , if Sleepy Joe ever became President . China and others would own us ! ! !
What I know a great fellow of a great fellow !	FDR’s own party told him you cannot PACK the United States Supreme Court , it would permanently destroy the Court . judgejeanine tedcruz But now the Radical Left Democrats are pushing Biden to do this . He has zero chance against them !
Call it .	My visits last week to Texas and Florida had massive numbers of cheering people gathered along the roads and highways , thousands and thousands , even bigger ( by far ) than the crowds of 2016 . Saw no Biden supporters , and yet some in the Fake News said it was an equal number . Sad !
Why , will be so .	15 minutes to MariaBartiromo interview . Enjoy !
What love ’ t will it !	This is the best deal the Republicans could get ?
Who ’ s a thank you .	. NateSilver538 “The Trump 2016 Victory was the most shocking political development of my lifetime . ” That’s only because you got it so wrong . This time there is far more ENTHUSIASM even than 2016 . Winning many States much more easily than people understand . BIG CROWDS ! ! !
My heart is out of the people , on this day !	In 2016 , the ABC News/Washington Post Poll was such a complete disaster that these two Fake News Organizations changed the numbers prior to the Election . Now these haters are trying the same thing , though on a lesser scale , again . Will have a bigger win than even 2016 !
From her men ’ s bed , Who in her men ’ s bed and her ” and her men ’ s bed .	AP has long been Fake News !
.	People don’t remember the chaos , hatred &; discord that we all went through during the 8 years of Obama/Biden . St . Louis , Oakland , Baltimore , and so many other places , were a complete &; total disaster . I wouldn’t be in the beautiful White House if it weren’t for Sleepy Joe , etc .
Will be the two and in two thousand ' s two thousand !	Biden evades “Court Packing” question . FoxNews Because his puppet masters are willing to destroy the USA Supreme Court . Don’t let this , and so many other really bad things , happen . VOTE !
Do you think the matter in the mind of her mind ?	OPEN THE SCHOOLS ! ! !
Who ’ s think you will ?	They are indeed Dr . Fauci’s own words . We have done a “phenomenal” job , according to certain governors . Many people agree . . . And now come the Vaccines &; Cures , long ahead of projections !
The home of the work of her ”	People are not happy that players are not standing for our National Anthem !
Who is very very very of her .	The Fake News , CNN , MSDNC , the failing nytimes , and the rest , are working overtime spewing every lie in the book to make sure they can demean and disparage , at the highest level possible , to try and win an election for a man who is totally unqualified to be your President , S . J .
What he are both of men have lost them their nature .	sagethelaxbro Hi Sage
Great ’ s a ”	Happy 230th Birthday USCG ! !
Do you know how many years of her years ?	Big Pharma is taking ads against me because I am MASSIVELY lowering your drug prices , which is obviously not good for them . Medicare premiums will also be going down . I am the first President to take them on . Don’t fall for their false ads . Biden plan is for very big increases !
Who ’ s time ?	See you in FLORIDA tomorrow night . Big Rally ! ! !
The matter that you are but think you will think you will think it ?	Turn California around . No more shutdowns , rolling blackouts , forest fires ( management ) , or water rationing ( because millions of gallons are stupidly routed out into the Pacific Ocean ) . VOTE TRUMP !
What would you have a man ?	“Expand your life every day . ” –Donald J . Trump
What a day with a day ? ” We ’ s land .	“56% of registered voters tell Gallup that they are better off than they were 4 years ago ( under Obama/Biden ) , while only 32% said they were worse off . ” Highest number on satisfaction yet recorded , by far . mgoodwin@nypost . com . . . And it will only get better ! ! ! VOTE
.	The Democrats are very proud !
Go to the away to her men ’ s bed and her again !	It’s the only way they know !
The man I am in the part of her , And now you now at her Cassio !	Whether you call it Vote by Mail or Absentee Voting , in Florida the election system is Safe and Secure , Tried and True . Florida’s Voting system has been cleaned up ( we defeated Democrats attempts at change ) , so in Florida I encourage all to request a Ballot &; Vote by Mail ! #MAGA
Great office , thou hast thou hast been , it !	Record 96% Approval Rating in the Republican Party . 53% Approval Rating Overall . Record 56% “Better Off Now” than 4 Years Ago ( Gallup ) during the Obama/Sleepy Joe Biden Administration , even as we round the turn on the China Plague . Thank you . Next year will be the BEST EVER ! ! !
Who ’ s her that we have hours ?	The Radical Left fools in Portland don’t want any help from real Law Enforcement which we will provide instantaneously . Vote !
Call you her love ?	Today we celebrated the passage of landmark legislation that will preserve America’s majestic natural wonders , priceless historic treasures , grand national monuments , and glorious national parks . It was my great honor to sign the Great American Outdoors Act into law ! #HR1957
What a great fellow and a fellow !	Put these animals in jail , now . The Radical Left only knows how to take advantage of very dumb “leadership” fools . This is Biden ! Law &; Order !
Who ’ s a man ’ s a kind of her kind of wit !	I am deeply saddened by the tragic loss of eight Marines and one Sailor during a training exercise off the coast of California . Our prayers are with their families . I thank them for the brave service their loved ones gave to our Nation . #SemperFidelis
Give me a fortune .	TonyDABodyguard Seanelmi I agree--and thanks .
Who must be in some form in our form , be like a foolish in our foolish .	Taking advantage of fools . Law &; Order ! Portland , call in the Feds !
What ’ s a child ’ s talk of her But ’ s the matter ?	THE WALL STREET JOURNAL “Trump Wins in Portland” “Something big has changed in Portland , Ore . After weeks of chaos and flames outside the city’s federal courthouse , the past few days have seen the violence subside dramatically . What happened ? ” William McGurn WSJ
Why , true !	adrienne_jensen Thanks !
You thank you for the best show of her , Most good , and thank you !	These are Biden fools . ANTIFA RADICALS . Get them FBI , and get them now !
I am on a bed tonight .	Big spike in the China Plague in Europe and other places that the Fake News used to hold up as examples of places that are doing well , in order to make the U . S look bad . Be strong and vigilant , it will run its course . Vaccines and cures are coming fast !
What ’ s but as if we be like a foolish .	The FBI and Law Enforcement must focus their energy on ANTIFA and the Radical Left , those who have spent the summer trying to burn down poorly run Democrat Cities throughout the USA !
I ’ ll speak the truth .	Rigged !
I speak of a speak of a man in a talk of a man ’ s part of a talk of a of a talk of a one of her	No . A Rigged Election !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Leading by a lot !
Call her kill more kill more than the matter .	See you in Sanford , Florida , tonight for a Big Rally . Covered Live on OANN , newsmax and cspan . Enjoy ! ! !
What ’ s the lord !	He should have been prosecuted for the threats he made to the Justices . Pathetic !
Why , very very well .	California is going to hell . Vote Trump !
Call her lord .	A great race run by Roger against a very tough and smart opponent . Roger loves Kansas and will represent it incredibly well . He has my Complete and Total Endorsement . Will be a Big Win on November 3rd . This is not the opponent the Democrats wanted !
.	New York has gone to hell . Vote Trump !
All eyes are so much of her .	Illinois has no place to go . Sad , isn’t it ? Vote Trump !
What is ’ s the matter to a thing in the matter ’ s chamber , ’ s ’ s a more than a thing to a men ’ s men ’ s a chamber , and the matter in a thing in a thing to work in her	Save your 2nd Amendment . Vote Trump !
A great a great beauty !	SO MUCH FAKE NEWS ! The Lamestream Media has gone absolutely insane because they realize we are winning BIG in all of the polls that matter . They write or show one false story after another . They are truly sick people . VOTE ! ! !
Why , that thou hast thou a thousand ' st thou the people ’ s peace ?	Remember , Stock Market at an All Time High , and going up . 401k’s at RECORD . With Sleepy Joe comes Tax Increases , jobs losses and DEPRESSION like never seen before ! ! ! VOTE ! ! !
What ’ s the time ’ s true of the very true !	MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
What speak to me of a daughter , and I was a maid !	Nevada has ZERO infrastructure for Mail-In Voting . It will be a corrupt disaster if not ended by the Courts . It will take months , or years , to figure out . Florida has built a great infrastructure , over years , with two great Republican Governors . Florida , send in your Ballots !
What ’ s a man ’ s No more than it !	The Republicans are giving the Democrats a great deal of time , which is not mandated , to make their self serving statements relative to our great new future Supreme Court Justice . Personally , I would pull back , approve , and go for STIMULUS for the people ! ! !
You thank you .	Our Country cannot survive as a Socialist Nation , and that’s what the Democrats want it to be . The USA will never become a large scale version of Venezuela . All control is already being taken away from Sleepy Joe . He has Zero to say ! ! !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Stock Market Up Big . Do I get no credit for this ? Never even mentioned by the Fake News . A New Record for Stocks and Jobs Growth . Remember , “it’s the Economy Stupid” . VOTE ! ! !
Why , a hope that I hope !	Maxine Waters has long been considered “the most corrupt person in Congress” . Only habit keeps her there . Vote for Joe E . Collins lll and get this long time CROOK , Maxine Waters , out of office ! ! !
A ass , Mark the man ’ s life , Mark ’ s life , Mark ’ s Mark ’ s life .	November 3rd . will be the most exciting day in USA Election History , even more so than 2016 . Tremendous excitement and enthusiasm , like perhaps never seen before . Nobody showing up to Sleepy Joe Rallies . Places are DEAD . Stiff ! ! ! See you in Florida tonight .
What ’ s men should be his ship of the world ’ s full of us .	Remember , I wouldn’t be President now had Obama and Biden properly done their job . The fact is , they were TERRIBLE ! ! !
What ’ s a one , and her years , I ’ ll hear and ’ s years , and her ”	STOCK MARKET UP BIG !
I ’ ll say the men of the Hail of men !	So Crazy to watch Senator Blumenthal of Connecticut lecture all on morals &; ethics when for 25 years he said he was a Great War Hero in Vietnam , and he was never even there . He lied &; cheated right up until the day he got caught . Thank you to those in military who turned him in !
The people that the people will not think that you will not fear .	We will have Healthcare which is FAR BETTER than ObamaCare , at a FAR LOWER COST - BIG PREMIUM REDUCTION . PEOPLE WITH PRE EXISTING CONDITIONS WILL BE PROTECTED AT AN EVEN HIGHER LEVEL THAN NOW . HIGHLY UNPOPULAR AND UNFAIR INDIVIDUAL MANDATE ALREADY TERMINATED . YOU’RE WELCOME !
The news of a news , good news .	Republicans must state loudly and clearly that WE are going to provide much better Healthcare at a much lower cost . Get the word out ! Will always protect pre-existing conditions ! ! !
O , ho !	The Economy is about ready to go through the roof . Stock Market ready to break ALL-TIME RECORD . 401k’s incredible . New Jobs Record . Remember all of this when you VOTE . Sleepy Joe wants to quadruple your Taxes . Depression ! ! ! Don’t let it happen ! #MAGA
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	STOCK MARKET UP ANOTHER 300 POINTS - GREATEST LEADING INDICATOR OF THEM ALL ! ! ! DON’T RUIN IT WITH SLEEPY JOE ! ! !
O , ho !	HAPPY COLUMBUS DAY TO ALL !
I will be there , I will be there !	Don't worry , THE UNITED STATES WILL BE GREAT AGAIN !
Not a man , ’ s too much .	tuserious854 The Art of the Deal is a good start .
The men I wear the sun that say a week of the week .	What do you think of Gary's definition of f-u-n ?
He he !	Read an excerpt from Think Like A Champion by Donald J . Trump:
He he !	. THEGaryBusey is definitely different . #CelebApprentice
What 's and say to your son !	. PiersMorgan and OMAROSA really hate each other . #CelebApprentice
What ’ s a good her ’ s good ?	Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one you won't want to miss ! Be sure to tune in--10 p . m . on NBC .
What 's !	#trumpvlog Same last name , same bad ratings- lawrence and rosie . . . . .
What cannot set any man ’ s the world ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of men of men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men .	He says he will spend $1 B to get re-elected: BarackObama . I can match him--preserving my options .
Who is ’ s a business ’ s business , ’ s the business of the business ’ s man ’ s one of the business ’ s man is .	The worst employee in today's #trumpvlog . . .
What will be to the time ?	Bernie Madoff and Tony La Russa in today's #trumpvlog . . .
What ’ s another ’ s bed , ”	Why is the UN condemning Israel and doing nothing about Syria ? What a disgrace .
Who ’ s a ” a her call her ” A ”	In order to save Medicare and stop record premium increases--we must repeal ObamaCare .
I hear a one of her ” And that ’ s new ”	""You have to know when to call it quits and when to keep moving forward . "" --Donald J . Trump
Why , you thank you !	From Donald Trump: Wishing everyone a wonderful holiday & a happy , healthy , prosperous New Year . Let’s think like champions in 2010 !
Why , good fortune .	Trump International Tower in Chicago ranked 6th tallest building in world by Council on Tall Buildings & Urban Habitat
What ’ s a matter !	Wishing you and yours a very Happy and Bountiful Thanksgiving !
Who ’ s a thank you !	Donald Trump Partners with TV1 on New Reality Series Entitled , Omarosa's Ultimate Merger:
Who ’ s the people yet see that ’ s see !	--Work has begun , ahead of schedule , to build the greatest golf course in history: Trump International – Scotland .
What 's !	--From Donald Trump: ""Ivanka and Jared’s wedding was spectacular , and they make a beautiful couple . I’m a very proud father . ""
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Hear Donald Trump discuss big gov spending , banks , & taxes on Your World w/Neil Cavuto:
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Watch video of Ivanka Trump sharing business advice with 4 entrepreneurial women on GMA:
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	- Read what Donald Trump has to say about daughter Ivanka's upcoming new book , The Trump Card:
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	""A lot of people have imagination , but can't execute--you have to execute with the imagination . "" --Donald J . Trump
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Read Donald Trump's Top Ten Tips for Success:
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	- More hysterical DSRL videos featuring Donald Trump and ""Double Trump"" plus enter Golden Lick Race Sweepstakes:
With a fellow in the other business of her bring it out of her .	- Donald Trump bids to buy the Oreo Double Stuf Racing League . Check it out:
Call ’ s a ”	Reminder: The Miss Universe competition will be LIVE from the Bahamas - Tonight @ 9pm ( EST ) on NBC:
with a ”	Watch the Miss Universe competition LIVE from the Bahamas - Sunday , 8/23 @ 9pm ( ET ) on NBC:
Who ’ s a very great her ” and a very great a very great great had and a very great a very great a very great a very great ” and a	-- Watch Donald Trump's recent appearance on The Late Show with David Letterman:
What a great chamber , and her men , and her again .	Ivanka is now on Twitter - You can follow her IvankaTrump - Have a terrific weekend !
What ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	""Think . That’s the first step . Use all your power to utilize and develop that capability"" --Donald J . Trump
Say to the Moor .	Browse Donald Trump's Summer Reading List for Business Success at the Trump University Blog:
Here I am with a bed with a man ’ s man ’ s part with the matter with a thing I am with a bed with a bed with her one of her	Check out a list of Donald Trump's books for summer reading at the Trump University Blog:
The more ’ s his delight from the streets .	Congrats to winners from around the world who entered the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book/keychain contest !
Come , rather have a great him .	Donald Trump backs 'Apprentice' Randal Pinkett for N . J . Lieutenant Governor:
A man of me , ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s part of one , he hath no more .	""Be aware of things that seem inexplicable because they can be a big step towards innovation . "" --Donald J . Trump
But my speech .	Here's to a safe and happy Independence Day for one and all - Enjoy it ! --Donald J . Trump
The other show of the other show of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' general .	Watch a powerful and frank interview with Donald Trump about the economy on Greta Van Susteren's On The Record:
In the time to the people , and the time .	RE: Michael Jackson: ""He was a great friend and a spectacular entertainer . It’s a devastating loss ! "" -Donald J . Trump
The the show of the matter .	jchorvath11 Thank you .
It was a great men ’ s a great her .	- Wishing a Happy Father's Day to all the Dad's out there - YOU are a champion today and everyday !
What else , how much hath his crown from us ?	RE: FB Vanity URLs: SF Chronicle - ""David Beckham was one of the first , along with Britney Spears & Donald Trump . ""
Who ’ s a very woman ’ s words !	Thanks to all for your thoughtful birthday wishes – Donald Trump
What 's !	Today is Donald Trump's Birthday ! Send him your B'day wishes here:
Follow me on a man ’ s a man ’ s part on me , at the other part on me ,	Last week to enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest:
Think ’ s there is the better .	“If you don't have problems , you're pretending or you don't run your own business . ” –Donald J . Trump
For a fellow is an fellow .	Check out Donald Trump's new iGoogle Showcase page:
.	""Your higher self is in direct opposition to your comfort zone . "" --Donald J . Trump
What a merry ?	Did you know Donald Trump is on Facebook ? - Become a fan today !
The men and think ’ s great men ’ s great people ’ s his great people , and think and his great men ’ s great men of her come !	Don't forget to enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest:
What think you ?	""Keep it fast , short and direct - whatever it is . "" --Donald J . Trump
It is that that ’ s a just and so !	Read a great interview with Donald Trump that appeared in The New York Times Magazine:
The matter shall be a man .	""Always know you could be on the precipice of something great . "" --Donald J . Trump
My wife , fair her will be so .	"" . . . these days . . . we could all use a little of the power of Trumpative thinking . "" –BarnesandNoble . com
No more than a country ’ s thousand times , nor hear , nor the full of fear !	""We win in our lives by having a champion's view of each moment . "" --Donald J . Trump
What ’ s a man ’ s love and I ’ s very very a good love !	""Don’t be afraid of being unique - it's like being afraid of your best self . "" --Donald J . Trump
The One of my bed ” A had I thank you !	""When the achiever achieves , it's not a plateau , it’s a beginning . "" --Donald J . Trump
What ’ s men have a people at her ” ?	Enter the ""Think Like A Champion"" signed book and keychain contest:
Who is a Peace !	""Strive for wholeness and keep your sense of wonder intact . "" --Donald J . Trump
Why , will you call , and good fortune , good fortune !	Listen to an interview with Donald Trump discussing his new book , Think Like A Champion:
He ’ ll be a man !	Miss USA Tara Conner will not be fired - ""I've always been a believer in second chances . "" says Donald Trump
The day with a day of her ” — A ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	""My persona will never be that of a wallflower - I’d rather build walls than cling to them"" --Donald J . Trump
What think you ?	New Blog Post: Celebrity Apprentice Finale and Lessons Learned Along the Way:
Why , ’ s a more again to two hours .	Donald Trump reads Top Ten Financial Tips on Late Show with David Letterman: - Very funny !
Call the next week the sun show of her again .	Donald Trump will be appearing on The View tomorrow morning to discuss Celebrity Apprentice and his new book Think Like A Champion !
What great is great .	Be sure to tune in and watch Donald Trump on Late Night with David Letterman as he presents the Top Ten List tonight !
Why , a man !	WIshing everyone a happy , healthy and prosperous New Year !
Why , I thank you .	Wishing everyone a very Happy Holiday season !
He was , good fortune .	Don't forget to watch Larry King tonight , CNN at 9 pm . He's a television legend and a great friend . It's going to be a fantastic farewell .
In the time , Mark	I'll be appearing on Larry King Live for his final show , Thursday night at 9 p . m . , CNN . Larry's been on TV for 25 years . . .
I will be Upon the people with her ” at her ” at her ” And sir .	. . . Trump International Hotel Las Vegas , and Trump International Hotel & Tower Waikiki Beach Walk .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Those five hotels includeTrump International Hotel & Tower New York , Trump Soho New York , Trump International Hotel & Tower Chicago . . .
What say ?	All the hotels currently open in the Trump Hotel Collection have been nominated for Travel & Leisure's ""World's Best Awards 2011"" . . . . .
In a one .	Congratulations to Brandy as our new Apprentice and to Clint for being a great player . It's been a terrific season !
The Thanks of the God ’ s son .	Tonight is the Apprentice finale---and it's a fantastic episode in every way , with the great Liza Minnelli performing and a new Apprentice !
.	Tonight's episode of The Apprentice is one of the best ever--we're down to the final 3 , and it's high excitement all the way . 10 pm on NBC .
Most ’ s the night at her that I ’ s the sun ’ s of the night .	Congratulations to Evan Lysacek for being nominated SI sportsman of the year . He's a great guy , and he has my vote ! #EvanForSI
The report is the worst of the worst that 's day .	My best wishes to everyone for a Happy Thanksgiving !
Who ’ s the day and a most mighty Antony !	Tomorrow night's episode of The Apprentice delivers excitement at QVC along with appearances by Isaac Mizrahi and Cathie Black . 10 pm on NBC
But he is he that I have a fan , I am not a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a fan , a sound .	Watch CNN tomorrow at 2 pm & 5 pm and on Friday at 7 pm & 11 pm for a Thanksgiving Special hosted by John King . I'll be a featured guest .
Who is best of her yet ’ s work !	Staff Sgt . Salvatore A . Giunta received the Medal of Honor from Pres . Obama this month . It was a great honor to have him visit me today .
The best truly , the best show upon her .	""CNBC Titans: Donald Trump "" will be shown Friday Nov 19th at 9 pm and 1 am , Sunday 11/21 at 9 pm and 11/24 at 7 pm
Your work will never be in your work in a greater than the greater than the greater than .	We're getting down to the wire on The Apprentice--tune in tonight for some great action ! 10 p . m . on NBC .
What ’ s no such a question as a time , and a very possible .	My interview last week with Greta van Susteren is available here in slightly abridged form . Good info to know about .
He he !	Tonight's episode of The Apprentice has a big surprise at the top of the show -- don't miss it ! 10 p . m . on NBC .
You have a sin to have ’ s hear it .	I'll be discussing a variety of topics tonight with Greta Van Susteren , 10 p . m . on Fox News . It will be the first of a two part series .
Who ’ s tonight , Who ’ s a ” at the matter , and the matter at the matter ,	I was on The View this morning . We talked about The Apprentice . Tonight's episode is a great one--tough , exciting and surprising . 10 pm/NBC
Call her her to her never have such a business .	Be prepared for a sensational episode of The Apprentice tomorrow night , 10 pm on NBC .
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s her ” ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” and her ” For ’ s men ’ s her ” For ” For ’ s her ” For ’ s her ”	Don't forget to tune in tonight to see another unpredictable and exciting episode of The Apprentice-- 10 pm on NBC
I look forth to the night and the night into the day of the Hail .	An HR solutions company polled 1 , 000 employed adults to find out who would make ideal bosses . . .
The time ’ s another against the Moor is against our sword .	Be sure to watch The Apprentice tonight , 10 p . m . on NBC--it's an episode you won't forget !
Who hath a ho !	Scotland is beautiful and Trump Internatonal Golf Links-Scotland is progressing beautifully as well .
With her that ’ s her men ’ s two are a children .	Don't forget to tune in tonight for another exciting episode of The Apprentice--10 p . m . on NBC .
Be , if you love you have , if you follow .	I'm honored to be presented the award of Doctor of Business Administration Honoris Causa from Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen , Scotland
.	Read Ivanka's blog about last night's Apprentice on Entertainment Weekly . . .
God God .	Tune in tonight at 10 pm on NBC for another exciting episode of The Apprentice -- and see the Dog Whisperer make an appearance .
Who ’ s a ” Who hath too fast by the sun ’ s great her ”	See the new sizzle reel for The Apprentice
.	Don't forget to tune in tonight at 10 p . m . on NBC for another action packed episode of The Apprentice .
Good fortune .	Be sure to tune in for Melania's second QVC show for ""Melania Timepieces & Jewelry"" tonight , live from 9-10 pm on QVC
I will never be made a fan to daughter , her sister : a maid ’ s daughter ’ s daughter ’ s bed ;	Don't forget to tune in tonight for the two hour premiere of The Apprentice . 9 pm EST on NBC . We're all in for a fantastic new season !
Will be so , and that in her men in her ” And that ’ s delight .	Eric did a great job with his Eric Trump Foundation annual charity outing . I'm proud of him .
Will you be the matter at the woman ?	I am very happy to have the civilian version of ""The Apprentice"" back on the air this fall . There will be excitement as well as opportunity .
What ’ s a man ’ s blood , Love ’ s the Love ’ s sun .	Coming up soon: The two hour premiere of The Apprentice . Next Thursday , September 16th , at 9 pm on NBC .
What every woman ’ s bed .	There's a lot going on at the Eric Trump Foundation . . .
Great ?	I was invited by Caroline Wozniacki to sit with her family in her special box during her match at the USA Open yesterday . She's fantastic !
.	Check out Trump International Hotel & Tower New York --spectacular !
Whose ’ s your men was years of the will win you ?	Check out Serta's Counting Sheep ( and me ) at the Trump International Hotel New York
Who he comes a man !	I'll be on The Late Show with David Letterman tonight--be sure to tune in for a great show . 11:30 pm on CBS .
The matter but I am nothing but the matter is 's thought .	Went to the Yankees game last night with Bill O'Reilly--we had a great time watching the Yankees win !
Who says and he ’ s a ” and a ” ”	Spent a beautiful weekend golfing at Trump National Golf Club Westchester and Trump National Golf Club Bedminster .
Now he hath made his song .	The Miss Universe Pageant raked in some great ratings ! A great job by everyone .
.	Congratulations to Miss Mexico , Jimena Navarrete , our new Miss Universe 2010 , and congratulations to everyone for a fantastic show .
Are you but fear of her ?	It's going to get hotter in Las Vegas tonight ! Watch the Miss Universe Pageant tonight on NBC at 9 p . m . I'm looking forward to being there !
Have a bed , I love you all .	Four more days until the Miss Universe Pageant . Be sure to tune in on Monday night at 9 p . m . on NBC--it will be an amazing show .
What ’ s the people ’ s her ?	The original Apprentice returns with a two hour premiere on Thursday September 16th . Looking forward to a fantastic season !
Not for the last , Who ’ s long for the matter .	So don't forget to enter the Serta Counting Sheep for Hire contest !
What thank you !	That trip would be to the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas . . .
Have a great Good a good kings .	Friday is the last day to enter the Counting Sheep for Hire contest . Click here and you could win a trip
every man should be the fight in the long in the quarrel ’ s great men should be made of her	Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta . Which one was your favorite ?
What ’ s a work on the late of a true — — Give ’ s true .	Rick Perry is a good guy who had a really tough evening . RickPerry
Who ’ s great men Was great them !	Check out the last webisode in our 3 part series featuring me with Serta . Which one was your favorite ?
What 's ’ s ’ s ’ s lord .	Eric's Sept . 14th event will be held at Trump National Golf Club Westchester .
What is and good good good good good good .	Mark your calenders for August 23rd:
The father , my father ’ s bed .	Performing live on the Miss Universe Pageant from the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino will be Telemundo , Orianthi , John Legend and The Roots .
I will .	. IvankaTrump and PiersMorgan will be wonderful advisors . #CelebApprentice
What and her that is as a subject as a water !	The Miss Universe Pageant will be on August 23 ( 9-11 p . m . on NBC , ET ) with Bret Michaels and Natalie Morales to co-host , live from Las Vegas
Who ’ s a Who ’ s her ?	Enter the contest . . . . stay at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas
I say a ho , sir .	and stay at the fantastic Trump International Hotel Las Vegas . . .
What ’ s the best of the best — there is the best 's matter !	I'm helping the Serta Counting Sheep get back to work . Enter the contest and win a trip to Las Vegas . .
What ’ s the man !	Could this be my newest apprentice ? . . . Enter the contest . . .
The more ’ s his reason .	I'm proud to accept the 2010 HollyRod Foundation Humanitarian Award from Holly Robinson Peete , who raised $700 , 000 on Celebrity Apprentice
What ’ s a work !	and yet another . . . all of them are spectacular .
Call it , and never was .	and here's another . . . .
Why , great work on the matter .	Visited some very beautiful golf courses this weekend . . . this is one . . .
What should be in the state , will help for your thoughts !	George Steinbrenner was a great friend and a true legend . There will never be anyone like him in New York . We've lost a truly great man .
Who did did that her that I love him .	The new edition of The Apprentice will be on Thursdays this fall at 10 pm ET---I'm putting people back to work !
Call you her ?	Due to popular demand , CNN will re-broadcast the Larry King Live show I hosted in June , in which I interview Larry . Monday July 5 , 9 pm CNN
Who were a her was her ?	Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day weekend . We have a lot to be thankful for .
What ’ s thought you did thought a great cause .	Work is expected to begin today on my golf course in Scotland . It will be spectacular !
The men ’ s a men and have two man ’ s the man !	""Trading Shots with Donald Trump""--a great article in the Wall Street Journal
Who ’ s a very well tonight .	The Eric Trump Foundation has raised over $1 , 000 , 000 towards St . Jude Children's Research Hospital .
Well , a work on her again !	Great job on the Larry King Live Gulf Telethon last night--$1 . 3 million was raised in 2 hours .
Who thank a great was a great was a great was .	For more information on tonight's two hour telethon , 8 to 10 p . m . :
Why , a an office of her ' tis a matter !	Tonight be sure to watch Melania and Ivanka on Larry King Live for a Celebrity Relief Telethon
Why , a more that was the Thanks !	The Ultimate Merger:
Call you , thou art great men , ’ s ’ s great more .	Tune in tonight at 9 pm on TV One for ""The Ultimate Merger"" starring the one and only Omarosa and twelve brave bachelors . . .
What ’ s great you had been a great hours !	And Trump SoHo New York is one of the hottest new hotels anywhere . . . .
What , let me know , and what you know , And I did do you do go ?	Had a fantastic dinner last night at Quattro , in the Trump SoHo Hotel . It's already one of the hottest new restaurants in the city .
What 's !	WSJ covers Ride of Fame
Who ’ s a ”	Rima Fakih , our beautiful Miss USA , rode with me on the Gray Line Ride of Fame yesterday . . .
.	Check out Gray Line's site for the Donald Trump Ride of Fame . . .
Who is there are a very born of her home , will be heard .	I am honored to be chosen by Gray Line for their NY Ride of Fame Campaign . Today we had the ribbon cutting ceremony in front of Trump Tower .
Why , I hope so !	Tonight I trade places with Larry King kingsthings and interview him on the 25th anniversary of his show . 9PM on CNN featuring best clips .
Call her a ”	Be sure to watch the Larry King Show tomorrow night on CNN , 9 p . m . I'll be the host , Larry the guest .
What ’ s great a great a great great ’ s great ’ s great great a great ’ s great a great a great a great men !	Checking out the course at TNGC Westchester and it is fantastic . Should be a great season .
Why , I ’ s a good .	I'll be turning the table on Larry King this Saturday night . I'll be interviewing him in honor of the 25th Anniversary of his show .
He was !	Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day Weekend , with a special thought for all the veterans who have done so much for our freedom .
From the people do the people hope of her men will think ’ s all !	The Dunes here are amazing , and they're how I learned about geomorphology , which is the study of movement landforms . We've had a great trip
Why , a good good good good good good good good good good good good good good good .	The North Coast of Scotland is spectacular--the sea , the sand dunes , the rolling bluffs--we walked the course and it is fantastic .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Scotland is beautiful . I spent several years looking for the right place , visiting over 200 sites , and this is absolutely the right place !
Why , good fortune !	The ratings for the Celebrity Apprentice were fantastic and everyone had a great time . It was a terrific season -- congrats to everyone !
Why , I thank you .	Ivanka caught up with Bret and Holly backstage . Both Bret and Holly were champions all the way .
The best my best will you .	Congratulations to Bret Michaels , the new Celebrity Apprentice . Bret's a true champion , all of us were happy to see him and to see him win !
Who often you , and often you , and often ’ s love !	Who's your pick--bretmichaels or hollyrpeete ? Vote now on Ivanka's new Facebook page !
The very he hath well .	The latest update on Bret Michaels is that he's making every effort to attend the live finale of Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday--so tune in !
The will be the Show tonight and be tonight and and be the matter !	Check out Ivanka's new FaceBook page and keep up with what's happening--from The Celebrity Apprentice , to jewlery to free tickets and more . .
He ’ s call me , “ you ’ s ’ s ’ s part on the matter , and call upon you , and call me .	Put this on your calendar: The Celebrity Apprentice live finale is this Sunday at 9 p . m . on NBC . Who will be the next Celebrity Apprentice ?
Great piece of her tonight .	Congratulations to our new Miss USA , the beautiful Rima Fakih . Rima will represent us well at Miss Universe and be a wonderful Miss USA .
When you walk , thou hast again , a bed !	Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant , Sunday May 16 on NBC , 7 p . m . ET , hosted by Curtis Stone & Natalie Morales live from Las Vegas .
Who ’ s this more ’ s her ” ’ s a ” !	We're all very happy to hear of Bret Michael's progress and send our best wishes for his full recovery .
Who with her again with her again in bid her chamber bring it to bid him make a bring to bid him again to bid her again to make a bear ’ s bed	Providing backstage commentary at the Miss USA Pageant will be comedic mother-daughter duo Joan and Melissa Rivers . A fantastic lineup !
This is the from the man knows that they are not .	Also appearing on the Miss USA Pageant will be Country Superstar Trace Adkins and Pop Rock Sensation Boys Like Girls . . .
What ’ s a bed of her ”	Looking forward to the 2010 Miss USA Pageant , Sunday May 16 on NBC , 7 p . m . ET , hosted by Curtis Stone and Natalie Morales .
Who ’ s a ” Who in her Cyprus in Cyprus have a one of Cyprus there ’ s bed	Be sure to look for my beautiful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 9 pm ET where she will be debuting her fantastic jewelry collection .
.	Melania will be on QVC tomorrow night at 9 p . m . ET to introduce her beautiful and inspiring Melania Timepieces & Fashion Jewelry collection .
.	Melania and I will be appearing on Larry King Live tonight , 9 p . m . on CNN . Be sure to tune in for some great conversation !
Call her her “ Call her her again .	Our thoughts and prayers remain with Bret Michaels and his family and for his speedy recovery .
Why , fortune ’ s fortune ’ s a more fortune ’ s fortune ’ s part .	To put on your calendar for May: Miss USA 2010 , live from Las Vegas on May 16th , 7 p . m . ET on NBC . I'll be there--tune in for a great show !
Why , you thank you !	Melania and I will be appearing on The View tomorrow at 11 a . m . on CBS . Tune in for some great fun !
The men , speak of her that are all the war .	Melania and I saw American Idiot on Broadway last night and it was great . An amazing theatrical experience !
For all of my noble lady , and you have been in the many friends .	Tune in to The Marriage Ref onThursday night at 10 p . m . on NBC--I'm on the panel of experts along with Gloria Estefan & Adam Carolla .
Good the sun , Who ’ s bed , Who ’ s the sun , ’ s men ’ s bed ,	On Sunday , Jerome Bettis 'the bus' from the Pittsburgh Steelers will play at Trump Int'l Golf Club/Palm Beach against Julius Erving 'Dr J'
Call it !	""Before Kids Can Go Places , They Need a Place To Go"" -- the motto of The Police Athletic League , an organization I'm very proud to support
.	Looking forward to seeing the World Champion Yankees today on opening day !
I hope all the poor friends !	The premiere of ""Donald J . Trump's Fabulous World of Golf"" is tomorrow night at 9 p . m . ET on Golf Channel . Tune in for a great adventure !
You thank you .	This is a terrific day for downtown New York . Trump SoHo is unlike anything else . Be sure to visit this fantastic hotel soon !
I thank you , that 's report .	Trump SoHo opens this Friday and it is fantastic ! Check out the Trump Hotel Collection . . .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	My bestselling book from last April , Think Like a Champion , is now available in paperback . It's inspiring , entertaining , and a great read .
You may be well .	Then we attended the Scottish fashion show that benefits veterans , Dressed to Kilt 2010 , which I co-hosted with Sir Sean and Lady Connery .
Call her her till the next week !	Last night Melania and I attended the Skating with the Stars Gala at Wollman Rink in Central Park , it was fantastic . Stay tuned for Part 2 . .
Well , a good good thanks .	Today's open call drew thousands of eager applicants . It was an impressive group , I enjoyed meeting them . We've got some great candidates !
What thank you !	Don't forget the open call at Trump Tower tomorrow for The Apprentice . I look forward to seeing you there .
What her her her ’ s a woman !	The NYC casting call for The Apprentice is thisThursday , April 1 at Trump Tower . For all the information you need , go to NBC . com/casting .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	The original Apprentice is coming back--do you have what it takes to be the next Apprentice ? For casting details:
Who to come to her ” ’ s a ”	The Trump Hotel Collection is currently nominated for Conde Nast Traveler Readers Choice Awards , Travel & Leisure and World Travel Awards .
What , and it hath been in the people .	Last week's episode of the Celebrity Apprentice set the stage for a great new season . Tune in this Sunday on NBC for even more excitement .
Who at the her ” What had a had her had a had her a second part at the more ’ s a ”	I am happy to announce that theoriginal Apprentice --which will offer job opportunities to those in need--is coming back .
What did you think of my mind ?	Olympic Gold Medalist Evan Lysacek just left my office . He is in town and wanted to meet me--he's a fanastic guy and a true champion .
I am a more if you be by the man .	The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice is off to a great start-- last night it swept the 10 p . m . hour in every key demographic .
Who are your people ?	The Celebrity Apprentice has a two-hour premiere this Sunday , March 14th , at 9 p . m . on NBC . This will be the best season yet , see you then !
What cannot choose that thou hast ?	From Donald Trump: Andrea Bocelli @ Mar-a-Lago - Many say best night of entertainment in long history of Palm Beach
What ’ s the one of the matter .	From Donald Trump: “I’m so proud of my wife Melania and the launch of her new jewelry line , to debut on QVC on April 30th at 9 p . m . ”
.	Donald Trump appeared on the final episode of The Jay Leno Show to deliver a very special message:
They should have been a ” as the people ’ s work .	Donald Trump appearing today on CNN International’s ‘Connect the World’ as ‘Connector of the Day’ . Submit questions:
With the Moor of the streets of her souls .	Superbowl Sunday is a great American tradition . The Colts and Saints are already champions , but may the best team win !
.	Golf Channel & Donald Trump's World of Golf host a Celebrity Match 1/25 @ TNGC LA , CA - Mark Wahlberg vs . Kevin Dillon
All ’ s the better her men ’ s crown , Who hath ta 'en out of her men ’ s great her have heard her that she was her men have lost her men ’ s crown .	from Donald Trump: ""I saw Lady Gaga last night and she was fantastic ! ""
Call it .	Trump Tycoon App for iPhone & iPod Touch - It's $2 . 99 but the advice is priceless !
I will be seen tonight of her live tonight , Who , and her be there !	Celebrity Apprentice returns to NBC , Sunday , 3/14 , 9-11PM ET/PT . Outstanding list of celebrities & season should be the best one yet !
The more tonight at the more than some more , ' th ' th ' things !	The Washington Establishment will never rein in government spending , waste , fraud and abuse . A great thinker and outsider is needed .
What 's a matter !	When will the US government finally classify China as a currency manipulator ? China is robbing us blind and BarackObama defends them .
A thank you , I am a great a great was a great thank you , I thank you , and a great a great a great a great a great a great a great great a great general !	I play golf to relax . My company is in great shape . BarackObama plays golf to escape work while America goes down the drain .
What I have a work of her ' tis , and put it and better better than it !	NYC should hold a parade for returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans .
Call her !	I like Russell Brand , but Katy Perry made a big mistake when she married him . Let's see if I'm right---I hope not .
What is 't !	America wasted billions and precious lives in Iraq and Iran will soon take control--very very sad .
What 's a matter !	I'm right , TPM is wrong - BarackObama did not issue a special statement for Christmas--however he issued one ( cont )
Why , they are a death of him , and let him go with him !	The Mar-a-Lago Club has the best meatloaf in America . Tasty .
Who to her men ’ s bed of her ' This is the matter to work of her	I predicted the 9/11 attack on America in my book ""The America We Deserve"" and the collapse of Iraq in TimeToGetTough .
Who ’ s a Moor ’ s a sun ’ s man ’ s a sun ’ s two of the matter ’ s man ’ s great men ’ s great her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s people ’ s men ’ s bed	Americans Elect on track to put an Indy Presidential candidate on the ballot in all 50 states .
.	He is destroying our country:BarackObama has requested to raise our debt limit to over $16 . 4Trillion by the end ( cont )
Call her lord .	""It's important that we help poor people to become independent , self-sufficient individuals who gain the benefits of work . "" #TimeToGetTough
What 's a matter !	China has 5 oil projects in Iraq and we didn't get anything from the Iraqis except asked to leave . Iraq is going ( cont )
You thank you .	The Fed's reckless monetary policies will cause problems in the years to come . The Fed has to be reined in or we will soon be Greece .
You thank you .	What a convenient mistake: BarackObama issued a statement for Kwanza but failed to issue one for Christmas .
A good a good friend !	Vote for your favorite TRUMP HOTEL COLLECTION hotels in Travel + Leisure’s 2012 World’s Best Awards Survey
Let him not give , let ’ s peace .	TrumpCollection tops TravlandLeisure 500 Best Hotels in the World ! Congrats TrumpNewYork , TrumpLasVegas , TrumpChicago , TrumpSoHo
What thou were born !	China is expanding its military bases abroad . We must expand our naval fleet . Now is no time for defense cuts . ( cont )
Who ’ s between the form and still is the form of her that hath lost , ”	China hacked the USA Chamber of Commerce and now has the information of all 3 million members . China keeps ( cont )
There ’ s no more her .	The Keystone pipeline will create 20 , 000 jobs and lower gas prices . But Obama says No . Dumb .
Not a man .	Govt . collapsing in Iraq only 2 weeks after withdrawal of our troops . Sadly , I called this one and please remember , I alone called it .
Why with the matter is not their men that they are come to the matter .	The habitual vacationer , BarackObama , is now in Hawaii . This vacation is costing taxpayers $4 milion +++ while there is 20% unemployment .
Who ’ s a ” Who makes a crown for his men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	In order to preserve my options and guarantee that BarackObama is defeated , I changed my voter registration to independent .
Remember the golden years of the gold hath the gold of gold .	The Keystone pipeline will create 20 , 000 jobs and make us less energy dependent from the Middle East . BarackObama says No !
Who in the most in the Moor .	The safest way to preserve Medicare is with a robust and vibrant economy . We should lower corporate and capital gain taxes immediately .
He ’ ll be gone !	A week after Biden says that the Taliban is not our enemy , the Taliban demand that we pay Iraq for a 9 year occupation .
Who in a one of her men ’ s great great men ’ s great great great him !	Even if BarackObama stays in DC , taxpayers will pay millions for his Hawaii vacation when Americans are struggling
The more tonight on the more tonight .	“Consider the fact that for every gallon of gas you put in your car , you pay 45 . 8 cents in state , local , and federal taxes . ” #TimeToGetTough
The more be tonight , ’ s her there ’ s the matter will .	“The thing about high corporate tax rates is that , in the end , companies aren’t the ones who foot the bill , consumers do . ” #TimeToGetTough
The place , I did went down , it is not so .	“We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy . He’s also ( cont )
.	My new book #TimeToGetTough is the best present of the holiday season . A great gift for anyone who cares about this country .
Now every man , hath used the law in the business .	Less than a week after we leave Iraq , the country is already unraveling . We got nothing from the Iraqis and now ( cont )
.	My FoxNews interview with gretawire discussing how BarackObama is delusional and how a 3rd party candidate can win .
The way of his part put them in the way to make the matter .	Barney Frank looked disgusting--nipples protruding--in his blue shirt before Congress . Very very disrespectful .
.	Congratulations to AmericansElect for winning a spot on the California 2012 ballot . A major feat !
What ’ s a man !	He is delusional: BarackObama believes that he is the 4th best POTUS ever .
Why , a matter .	The WH yesterday defended Biden's comments that the Taliban aren't our enemy . When did the American people decide this ?
Call her her again .	""Obamacare has to be killed now before it grows into an even bigger mess , as it inevitably will . "" #TimeToGetTough
Why , a fortune ’ s fortune !	""The sad truth is some Republicans in Congress are clueless when it comes to negotiation . "" #TimeToGetTough
Call a good a good !	I really enjoyed last night's Tele-Town Hall with ralphreed's Faith and Freedom Coalition . Thanks to the thousands who joined .
Who ’ s a soldier .	I still can't believe we didn't t take the oil from Iraq .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	My interview with ASavageNation discussing #TimeToGetTough , my 2012 plans and Iraq
What ’ s a man and a age ?	For last minute shopping , my new book #TimeToGetTough is a great choice . . .
Why , a good fortune .	The average family has spent $4 , 155 this year filling up the car on $3 . 50/gallon average . Both record highs . ( cont )
What should be so like a times the world ’ s doubt and a wonder !	Tom ""marbles in his mouth"" Brokaw once thanked me for the great success of the Apprentice for NBC . Now , he calls ( cont )
Call her a ”	Joe Biden said that the Taliban 'is not our enemy . ' I wonder how our troops in Afghanistant that are under attack view Biden's statement .
Why , with a business that ’ s man hath a Christian .	What a shock ! The USA Capitol Christmas tree pays homage BarackObama but failed to mention Jesus .
.	He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the gov't . BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us .
Give him a good good good good good good good good good good good .	""He thinks that the wealth you create belongs to the government--BarackObama doesn't respect the fact that the ( cont )
Why , by a man !	""People who have the ability to work should . But with the government happy to send checks , too many of them don't . "" #TimeToGetTough
Call her a ”	""When are we going to wake up and realize that we are funding our enemies ? "" #TimeToGetTough
But I ’ ll set on the hours .	A great gift idea is my new book #TimeToGetTough , easy to order on Amazon
You thank you .	We're all proud of erictrump for being on Forbes 30 Under 30 list .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone . ""#TimeToGetTough
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth , savings , and investment . "" #TimeToGetTough
The that was a soldier ’ s will .	China taxing imports from the US --22%-- why aren't we taxing China ?
Who ’ s a more ’ s bed	Dummies left Iraq without the oil--not believable !
Ay , and best will .	Iraq in political turmoil one day after we leave---I told you so .
Why , and good fortune .	Congratulations to my son Eric for making the Forbes 30 under 30 list . He's done a great job !
God God ’ s a ” !	Barney Frank admited that ObamaCare does have 'death panels' yesterday . Obamacare must be fully repealed or healthcare will be destroyed .
Why , you thank you !	With a record deficit and $15 trillion in debt , BarackObama is spending $4 million of our money on his Hawaii vacation . Just plain wrong .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	My interview with Andy Dean on americanowradio- I told him what I really thought about the FoxNews debate .
What 's it !	I'll be on americanowradio with Andy Dean at 6:30 ET today talking about last night's FoxNews debate .
What 's a matter !	China is threatening Washington over the currency bill . We should pass it immediately .
What 's a matter !	OPEC is setting crude at $94/barrel on 'signs US economy is improving . ' OPEC uses any excuse to rip us off and our leaders just watch .
What 's a matter !	China just put a tariff on US cars and trucks--22%--China is laughing at our inept leaders . BarackObama
What ’ s no more !	The lightweight , JonHuntsman , used my name in a debate for gravitas--it didn't work . Sad !
Call her a good good good good good good good good .	A total lightweight: JonHuntsman continues to give the worst responses on China in the debates . I can see why ( cont )
.	Great Esquiremag piece - 'DonaldJTrumpJr: What I've Learned'
Ay , and so .	My interview with BarbaraJWalters in her ABC special 'Most Fascinating People of 2011'
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	But maybe my biggest beef with Obama is his view that there's nothing special or exceptional about America . #TimeToGetTough
I am , but that ’ s very much than the better than the better than the matter !	Your civil liberties mean nothing if you're dead . That's why the single most important function of the federal ( cont )
Why , a matter .	""I believe this book will rock a lot of people . Don't just read #TImeToGetTough but share it with your friends and family ! "" -RushLimbaugh
What 's ’ s ’ s ’ s lord .	Thanks to everyone who has waited in the long lines at the #TimeToGetTough book signings . It is great to meet fellow patriots .
Why , why never be more than ’ s ’ s never ’ s man ’ s man ’ s more ’ s one ’ s never be a bed of her !	So biased: TIME made 'The Protester' as the person of the year . TIME celebrates OWS but vilified the Tea Party last year .
.	This is what BarackObama thinks: that America would be better off if we acted more like European socialist ( cont )
He he !	If speeches and memoirs created jobs then BarackObama would be Ronald Reagan .
For fair and show of her men ’ the day of the day , the day !	#trumpvlog China is laughing . . . .
It was great his back again ?	Please send a psychiatrist to help Rosie , she’s in a bad state . To Rosie’s girlfriend’s parents--- get ( cont )
The people ’ s men ’ s great people ’ s sport to her	More people attend a JonHuntsman rally than watch Lawrence on MSNBCtv all week . Lawrence is very lonely . ( cont )
.	With the number of tweets sad sack Rosie has done , she has totally lost control of herself-- hopefully not a breakdown .
Be weak and her bed and bed .	#noratings Lawrence will soon be off tv- bad ratings- he has a face made for radio .
But that is a man , no woman ’ s woman , or more .	""Let me put this as plainly as I know how: Iran's nuclear program must be stopped--by any and all means necessary . Period . "" #TimeToGetTough
What 's !	It is great to meet fellow patriots at the #TimeToGetTough book signings . Can't wait to meet more today at Trump Tower from 12PM to 2PM
What 's !	The first book signing at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough was so popular that I'm doing another one today from noon to 2pm/Trump Tower
Why , why art thou hast thou shalt be with her ?	Hope to see you tomorrow in Trump Tower ( 5th Ave betw 56 and 57 ) -- I'll be signing copies of my book #TimeToGetTough from noon until 2 pm
What 's !	The habitual vacationer , BarackObama , has sacrificed so much . He is delaying his 17 day Hawaii vacation a couple of hours .
O , ho !	Iran is closing the Strait of Hormuz for a military exercise . Imagine what they will do with nukes ? !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s ?	The Mullahs laughed when BarackObama ""asked"" Iran to return our drone--they will show it to China first .
What is , and he is so like a man !	""We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers . "" #TimeToGetTough
The very fair and the fair — And he is his place , and his place !	It has been great to meet so many wonderful people in my #TimeToGetTough book signings . Anyone who wants to be Prez should read !
The matter ’ t , we are all our men .	""So , if Iran is going to take over the oil , I say we take over the oil first by hammering out a cost-sharing plan with Iraq . ""#TimeToGetTough
You have a last night , “ Who loved , all , that thou loved !	Read this about lawrence . . . . . .
Why , a matter .	My interview with EWErickson of RedState discussing #TimeToGetTough , GOP primary and my 2012 options
Who , they had given that the people with his Mark ’ s there !	My FoxNews interview with gretawire explaining that I am keeping all my options available for 2012
Not a friend , ’ s a man !	Save your time rosie and focus on your horrible ratings , and don't mention my name on talk shows anymore or you will get more of the same .
Why , you thank you !	#badratings Rosie you will never make it . You are not funny or talented .
You are well , he is a very players , he is a players , he ’ s play at him , and he is a players , and he is a players , he is a players , he is it is a players .	#badratings Lawrence's show failed at 8pm and is failing ( even worse ) at 10pm- not long for tv . . . . .
For the love , for I love , and , I love , and love , I ’ s love , for the time I love !	I feel sorry for Rosie 's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with Rosie--a true loser .
What 's a matter !	My FoxNews interview with TeamCavuto discussing why I will not be moderating the Newsmax-iontv debate
What 's !	Check out my new book ""Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again""
Why , the great him , ’ s a hour ’ s other great one of the hour !	Thousands of e-mails from folks urging me to seek the Americans Elect Presidential nomination .
The more make it without her , ’ s the matter .	I'll bet Jimmy Fallon gets great ratings tonight !
Is ’ s that that ’ s men would have him to the merchant ’ s heels !	I'll be signing copies of my new book TimeToGetTough tomorrow at Trump Tower ( 5th Avenue between 56 and 57 ) from noon to 2pm .
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s men ’ s the may run for the matter .	Real unemployment is 20% . We must simplify the tax code and start making our own products again to bring our jobs back from overseas .
Who ’ s her that ’ s her work from her ”	#trumpvlog NY Area- Two book signings- Tonight and Thursday . . . .
Who ’ s a man ’ s men ’ s crown at the general ’ s great men ’ s a ” a men ’ s one of her ”	Who handed Iraq over to Iran yesterday ? BarackObama . We have gotten nothing from the Iraqis-- we should have them pay us back with oil .
If not the fire in the fire , sir , I ’ s fire , ’ s a work .	#trumpvlog Why I cancelled the ""great debate"" . . . . .
Who at the more ’ s again to her ”	Don't forget my book signing tonight at Costco on 1250 Old Country Road in Westbury , NY , from 6-8 pm . Hope to see you there .
The hours ’ s like the sun to the sun .	The Mullahs are laughing at what they think is a very stupid president , BarackObama has ""asked"" for Iran to return the drone #TimeToGetTough
True , a man is a man without a suit .	Look , here's the deal: BarackObama has been a total disaster . He has spent this country into the ground and destroyed jobs #TimeToGetTough
.	We need a dealmaker in the White House , who knows how to think innovatively and make smart deals . #TimeToGetTough .
.	Tonight I will be signing copies of #TimeToGetTough in Westbury at Costco , 1250 Old Country Rd , from 6 pm to 8 pm
The more a little that ’ s a little are most much ?	Amazon sold out of #TimeToGetTough in the first week . More copies have been ordered for holidays . Don't worry .
There ’ s a very well , like a very strong ’ s one .	My interview on theviewtv discussing #TimeToGetTough , the GOP primary and the Newsmax-iontv debate ( starts at 23:00 )
.	A clip from my foxandfriends interview discussing how Newsmax-iontv debate is determining the GOP primary polls
.	BarackObama has accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 Presidents combined . He is simply out of control .
The place is a great men ’ s great place to work .	Why did BarackObama let Iran keep our drone ? Now it is going straight to the Chinese . He should have taken it out .
Great of a heir of her that hath a earth in the earth Do you desire ?	I was on a tele-townhall with TeamBachmann and hosted her 4 times in Trump Tower yet she declined the Newsmax-iontv debate . No loyalty .
The more ’ s a man ’ s more than the more than now !	If these guys have any integrity they'd say no to MSNBC -- a network that few watch and is very negative . AndrewBreitbart re debate .
What ’ s , thou art the matter , and the matter , We have you .	My FoxBusiness interview with Don Imus discussing #TimeToGetTough , the GOP primary and the Newsmax-iontv debate
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	My FoxNews interview with megynkelly discussing the 2012 election and the Newsmax-iontv debate
Who for the matter for the show of two months , two months not , two months !	Excited that OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate . The Tea Party Express is a great group .
Who ’ s a Cassio ’ s full of the disease .	Why was the Hanukah celebration held in the White House two weeks early ? BarackObama wants to vacation in Hawaii in late December . Sad .
All that I have a men , Who was the general was a times , for the general !	Santorum calls Trump debate skippers ""hypocrites"" RickSantorum
What have to see the people at her ” — Who , ’ s the matter !	Rick Santorum making a strong point on the Newsmax-iontv debate: RickSantorum .
The speech Great speech .	Iowa Congressman SteveKingIA has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate . He has been doing great work in the House .
Call you to her again .	A great crowd at Trump Tower for #TimeToGetTough book signing !
For all the matter of my speech , and my speech , all the truth of the truth !	Excited that OurCountryPAC's Amy Kremer has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate . The Tea Party Express is a great group .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ’ s her ?	#TimeToGetTough The crowd at the book signing at Trump Tower in NYC right now . . .
Who ’ s a ” a her ”	Yesterday I explained to wolfblitzercnn on CNNSitRoom why BarackObama doesn't deserve credit for killing Bin Laden
Who ’ s her ” Is ’ s her “ Who by her ”	My interview on WOR710 with Jon Gambling discussing #TimeToGetTough , meeting NewtGingrich and the 2012 election
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	If the GOP Establishment really wants to defeat BarackObama then they should read #TimeToGetTough .
Who ’ s a ” Who is a her ” for a ”	#TimeToGetTough presents bold solutions on taxes , national security , the debt , dealing with OPEC and China and defeating BarackObama .
What ’ s the men Will be it without ” — ” — ” ’ s the matter ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men Will be her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed — ”	Looks like the line has started , be sure to join me for book signing , TImeToGetTough , starting at 11am to 2 pm here in Trump Tower .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Trump Tower is located at 725 Fifth Avenue , between 56th and 57th Streets . . .
.	Be sure to stop by Trump Tower today -- I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" from 11 am to 2 pm .
.	I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" today at Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm . Hope to see you there . #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s a soldier in the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s bed	I'll be signing copies of my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" tomorrow in Trump Tower--11 am to 2 pm . Hope to see you there .
.	""Newsmax is a great news org and and its pres debate in IA on 12-27 will be fair , balanced , and informative . "" ralphreed
What a reason of him have a Moor and stand on the Moor !	Newsmax is a great news organization and its pres debate in IA on Dec 27 will be fair , balanced and informative . ralphreed
Marry , the morning will we have the morning .	My interview yesterday with TeamCavuto where I discuss Dick Cheney and China
Call the worst that the worst ’ s one of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' bed	Why does BarackObama continue to defend radical Islam ? He is calling the Ft . Hood massacre ""workplace violence . ""
When the time had his own show , The matter , The matter ’ s ’ s	You know what is the worst part of BarackObama's Tuesday speech playing class warfare--we paid for it with our tax dollars .
Why , a matter .	Jeffrey Lord , former Reagan adviser , has endorsed the Newsmax-iontv debate with a great article
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Happy to have ralphreed and the FFC's endorsement of the Newsmax-iontv debate . FFC is a great organization .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her say the matter ’ s ’ s ”	A clip of my upcoming interview with DavidBrody discussing #TimeToGetTough , Israel and the Islamist winter
.	""What is a bit appealing about this idea of Trump hosting a debate is , consider the diverse audience that perh . . . ( cont )
Not I thank you .	My CNN interview with PiersTonight discussing the Newsmax-iontv debate , #TimeToGetTough , the GOP and the economy
What ’ s a great men and a years !	Excited to have SarahPalinUSA's endorsement of the Newsmax-iontv debate . Sarah is terrific .
I did Mark a one that the last night — A villain !	My FoxNews interview with TeamCavuto discussing the Newsmax-iontv debate , #TimeToGetTough and the 2012 race
Who will be the more tonight at her ”	My MorningJoe interview with JoeNBC & morningmika discussing the Newsmax-iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough
The time and good fortune !	I will be signing copies of my new book TIME TO GET TOUGH tomorrow , Dec 9th , in Trump Tower from 11 a . m . to . . . ( cont )
As to the new of her that hath lost his lost .	My foxandfriends interview duscussing my meeting with newtgingrich , the Newsmax-iontv debate and #TimeToGetTough
The matter of the matter and that thou art a more ' s — and be a — and be the —	""The Architect"" KarlRove is directly responsible for losing both houses & BarackObama becoming President . Ignore him .
Give him a fortune him fortune him .	Why is the GOP establishment so threatened by the Newsmax - iontv debate ? More debate is always better .
Well said , a great a great office .	Whether we like it or not , oil is the axis on which the world's economies spin . It just is . When the price o . . . ( cont )
Who ’ s ’ s a “ Call ’ s ”	Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend . When our tremendous Navy SEALS took out Osama bin Laden , they did . . . ( cont )
Why , sir .	Canada's legal immigration plan starts with a simple and smart question: How will any immigrant applying fo . . . ( cont )
Why , and good fortune .	President Reagan put it best: ""Welfare's purpose should be to eliminate , as far as possible , the need for its own existence . ""
Ay , and so .	Call me old school , but I believe in the old warrior's credo that ""to the victor go the spoils . "" In other word . . . ( cont )
My best will be .	Forty -six million Americans---more than at any time ever in the history of this country--now live under the poverty line . #TimeToGetTough
Help , a man ’ s men of his state .	Illegal immigration is a wrecking ball aimed at US taxpayers . Washington needs to get tough and fight for ""W . . . ( cont )
What ’ s very very of , , I ’ s ’ s very very very very of ’ s .	Did you know that one of seven Americans is now on food stamps ? Think of it . In the United States , the most pr . . . ( cont )
What ’ s a matter !	All this from a guy who lectured Americans about tightening their belts: BarackObama bashes rich people an . . . ( cont )
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing . Why aren't we talking about ""onshoring"" ? We need to bring manufa . . . ( cont )
Why , a good fortune .	First there was the Declaration of Independence , then there was the Constitution . Now there is #TimeToGetTough . Available today .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Met newtgingrich at Trump Tower today . He's a big thinker .
.	#TimeToGetTough: Making America #1 Again--my new book--available today . The book both China and OPEC do NOT want you to read .
The matter is not to his sister to see the isle of his purpose ’ s dead and his course to be his course .	When it comes to China , BarackObama practices ""pretty please"" diplomacy . He begs and pleads and bows---and it . . . ( cont )
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	We are building China's wealth by buying all their products , even though we make better products in America .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	My new book tells some harsh truths and lays out some bold plans . Time for America to be #1 again . #TimeToGetTough
Who , her ’ s again and her have been at the other of her ' s ' s ' s again , and her come to her again .	Here's my message to BarackObama: America is a capitalistic country . Get over it and get on with it ! #TimeToGetTough
Who to her ” to her her ”	Don't forget next Friday December 9th: I'll be signing my new book HowToGetTough in Trump Tower from 11 a . m . . . ( cont )
Who ’ s a times her ” for her ”	The new job figures don't include 315 , 000 people who have given up looking for jobs .
Who never made a more than a new never did never his new ” And he never ’ s new ”	He ruins the brand: Robertgbeckel doesn't belong on FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84 , you lost 49 states . Sad !
Call her him away .	If ""The Art of the Deal"" is a must read then #TimeToGetTough"" is my opus . It is available Dec 5th !
Why , I thank you , you have been a pleasure .	Meeting Former Speaker Newt Gingrich next week . On the Agenda---defeating BarackObama .
What I ’ s the change ?	Why doesn't OPEC lower the price of crude to help avert the European crisis ? Crude keeps rising during the dow . . . ( cont )
The true .	The Fed continues to recklessly flood the market with dollars . This will eventually create record inflation . It has to stop . #TimeToGetTough
Which is your years ?	He ruins the brand: bobbeckel doesn't belong on FoxNews . As CM for Mondale in '84 , you lost 49 states . Sad !
Call her a more than a better .	A special message to the staff of TrumpWaikiki in celebration of the 2nd anniversary . . . .
Is that any man that that ’ s a thing , and art a are are are are most like a thing ?	When it comes to China , BarackObama practices ""pretty please"" diplomacy . He begs and pleads and bows--and it' . . . ( cont )
Who is very very that did the love her that did .	Fitch has downgraded our credit outlook to ""negative . "" Why ? BarackObama's failure to lead with the Super Committee .
I say , she is set up by the time .	The unemployment numbers released later this week will show no job growth . We must start making our own products again . #TimeToGetTough .
What ?	China is so brazen that they now give us economic advice--they tell us what to do---much like a strong stockh . . . ( cont )
In the all the wars of the wars .	Newly released emails prove that scientists have manipulated data on global warming . The data is unreliable .
The more in the work in the work ?	Unbelievable how he gets away with it: BarackObama is flying around on Air Force One , laughing at everybod . . . ( cont )
Honest ?	The habitual vacationer: BarackObama has campaigned on our dime more than any previous president in history . . . ( cont )
Which is you think of the matter hath been in this business ?	It's inconvenient and inconsiderate: BarackObama is doing a fundraiser tonight , making it almost impossibl . . . ( cont )
My lord is the reason that the matter that .	#trumpvlog BarackObama is very inconsiderate . . .
Will ’ s a sin to her ” ?	America's trade deficit with China is one of our greatest national security threats . Time for Fair Trade . We must produce our own products .
Will ’ s one ?	The banks were bailed out by us . They should start lending to private entrepreneurs . The banks are slowing American growth .
Who was a one that was one of her wit .	My foxandfriends interview from yesterday
The time and the Moor .	In order to get elected , BarackObama will start a war with Iran .
The matter and sure I ’ s doubt on a good of a good .	Iran's continued public threats of annihilating Israel are unacceptable . Iran's nuclear drive must be stopped . #TimeToGetTough
Why , no love ’ s love and her .	The CBO has confirmed that BarackObama's stimulus ""crowds out"" private investment while not creating any jobs .
The “ call upon his back .	Real unemployment is at over 21% . Businesses won't hire until BarackObama is defeated in 2012 . #TimeToGetTough
That was some one of her last .	My new book ""Time To Get Tough"" will be out Dec 5th . Solutions you won't hear from the politicians . The bes . . . ( cont )
I will be the of her in the day of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll be tonight .	I will be signing copies of my new book , Time To Get Tough: Making America #1 Again , in Trump Tower on Frida . . . ( cont )
The matter of her ’ s a more ’ s will go .	Third quarter GDP was lowered to 2% . There won't be any economic recovery until BarackObama is defeated .
How much that have you have the people against the people ?	Why does BarackObama support the radical Islamists in Egypt protests yet has such a high disregard for the Tea Party ?
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Washington will continue to run record deficits into the election . We are borrowing at a rate of $1 . 40 from China . Truly unsustainable .
Good fortune .	Iran will soon take all of the oil in Iraq . . . and Iraq itself---Keep the oil .
Follow the one of her ” come here at her ”	Once Iran has nuclear weapons , they will shut down the Strait of Hormuz . Oil will be over $300/Barrel . Iran' . . . ( cont )
Who to her men ’ s a bed to her ” to her ”	The failure of the ""Super Committee"" shows Washington has truly incompetent leaders . #TimeToGetTough
Good fortune !	ObamaCare does indeed ration care . Seniors are now restricted to ""comfort care"" instead of brain surgery . Repeal now !
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	American sanctions alone cannot stop Iran's nuclear drive--and BarackObama cannot get China and Russia to agree on new Iranian sanctions .
Who ’ s a ”	In my new book #TimeToGetTough I make a full financial disclosure detailing my net worth .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Congratulations to TrumpChicago , TrumpSoHo and TrumpLasVegas --all listed #1 on TravelandLeisure World's Best Business Hotels
What ’ s a fair too low for you ?	I dictate my tweets to my executive assistant and she posts them . ""Time is money""---The Art of the Deal .
What should you run for her men ’ s ’ s ' tis most ' ll run !	Why are we giving China foreign aid ? Couldn't the Super Committee have agreed to at least cut that outlay ? #TimeToGetTough
Call you a call ’ s a French ” ' Great ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The habitual vacationer--BarackObama--spent 9 days before the critical Super Committee deadline traveling . He failed to lead , again .
He .	As of September 30th , we have a record trade deficit with China of over $217Billion . They are ripping us off . #TimeToGetTough
What ’ s a Speak to her ”	Yesterday BarackObama actually spent a full day in Washington . He didn't campaign , fund raise or play golf . Shocking .
The matter ’ s the matter is gone to his people see ’ s ’ s the matter , the matter ’ s men ’ s work of her ”	My new book #TimeToGetTough -- out Dec 5th -- outlines how to make America rich again . Order now through Amazon
Give me a good than a good fortune .	My foxandfriends interview from yesterday discussing how BarackObama failed to show any leadership on th . . . ( cont )
Good my lord .	Egypt is turning into a hot bed of radical Islam . The current protest is another coup attempt . We should never have abandoned Mubarak .
Good thing to be remember .	The House's failure to pass the Balance Budget Amendment was another unforced error by the GOP . Very disappointing .
Who ’ s a more ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	When the Super Committee fails , BarackObama will get exactly what he really wants--automatic cuts in defense spending . This is his plan .
.	If BarackObama wanted the ""Super Committee"" to succeed , he would have lead . Instead he has been campaigning . Where is the leadership ?
What ’ s great two men ’ s ’ s ’ s great them !	China's economy is now projected to overtake the US as the world's largest economy by 2027 #TimeToGetTough
Give me a fortune .	The Super Committee is finding ways to raise all our taxes without admitting it . The Republicans made a big mistake agreeing to this deal .
He .	ObamaCare is one of the greatest threats our country faces . It is unsustainable and will lead America into complete insolvency .
.	Why is BarackObama delaying the sale of F-16 aircraft to Taiwan ? Wrong message to send to China . #TimeToGetTough
The us and that hath her men ’ s her ”	Washington is simply incapable of any moderation because BarackObama is such an extreme leftist . He must be defeated . #TImeToGetTough .
Good my lord , to have been , and have been !	Made in America ? BarackObama called his 'birthplace' Hawaii ""here in Asia . ""
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Regardless of the USC's ruling , ObamaCare can only be defeated politically . It must be legislatively repealed or America will go bankrupt .
You thank you .	China is complaining about 2 , 500 marines being placed in Australia . Meanwhile they are building bases across Latin America . #TimeToGetTough
Call it .	The stimulus ""is a net negative effect on the growth of GDP over 10 years"" --as admitted by BarackObama's own CBO
Good my lord , fortune , good fortune !	Israel faces an existential threat in Iran's nuclear drive . Unfortunately BarackObama is no friend of Israel .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	The Federal deficit crossed $15Trillion , 100% of our GDP . Yet the Super Committee can't find $1 . 2Trillion i . . . ( cont )
Who hath a “ Who hath ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter for the sun hath lost of her men ’ s bed	Crude has skyrocketed since BarackObama delayed the Keystone Pipeline . Not only are 20 , 000 jobs gone , but family budgets are tightening .
Who after her ” ’ s her ” and her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The Federal government has increased its employment by 12% since 2007 . We need to stop replacing retired workers unless position is needed .
The will be sure of her sure .	Crude is at $100/Barrel . With the current state of the world economy , how is that possible ? OPEC is ripping of . . . ( cont )
I would I him best of fortune .	In the span of two months BarackObama , the habitual vacationer , has called America ""soft"" and lazy . "" He loves to criticize America .
It is my great honor to be a good of a good They are all the great good of the great good .	My new book , Time To Get Tough , comes out on December 5th . Pre-order on Amazon . com . It's the best book I've ever written .
Why , you thank you .	“When mistakes are made , and they will be , the entrepreneur’s true character emerges and further growth takes place . ” – The Midas Touch .
Why , and a good fortune .	Waterboarding KSM gave us the intelligence that lead to Bin Laden .
The more and myself at her her ”	Reporter should resign----
Call her her her ” Call her her ”	BarackObama has increased the EPA budget by over 150% . The EPA is an impediment to both growth and jobs . It sends jobs overseas .
If you love you , that love ’ s never more than a matter .	The Supercommittee is a disaster . The Republicans made a crucial mistake agreeing to this debt deal . They hat . . . ( cont )
What will be sure , Be sure , and sure , and visit it .	My interview yesterday with foxandfriends discussing the failure of the Super Committee and GOP 2012 . . . .
What worst is a thing can do a man in the worst .	BarackObama has already added $5 Trillion to the national debt in less than 3 years . We must defeat him in 2012 . #TimeToGetTough
I will be , good good good .	Fewer Americans are now insured through their employers due to higher premiums . Obamacare must be fully repealed .
Why , and a good fortune .	BarackObama delayed the Keystone pipeline decision until 2013 . Now Canada is looking to export more oil to China .
What , ’ s a ” and be been this to see this time .	Americans who can afford to buy enough food is now at a 3 year low . Is this BarackObama’s ‘recovery’ ?
And let her be no more than a better than the office , and the office , and make a work of her .	BarackObama , the habitual vacationer , called America ""lazy"" this past weekend while in Hawaii .
To show you how some of the upon the upon my lord , they did give me a thing , my	BarackObama will attack Iran in the not too distant future because it will help him win the election . If the . . . ( cont )
Call you a will have a kings .	Watch What's America Worth ? , hosted and narrated by me , this Sunday at 9PM on Discovery
Why , sir .	BarackObama made a campaign decision on delaying the Keystone Pipeline to 2013 . The pipeline would lower oil prices and create jobs .
You thank you .	October has a 7% foreclosure increase last month . Is this BarackObama’s economic recovery ?
Who ’ s a more of his new state , Who ’ s the first of his new ”	2012 is the most important election of my lifetime . BarackObama must be defeated .
Why , sir .	To the brave men and women , past and present , in our armed services- best wishes on Veterans Day .
.	The Arab Spring has turned into the Islamist Winter . Our ally Israel is in a perilous position . We must stand behind Israel .
I will be a soldier , and on the morning .	My interview with IngrahamAngle discussing THEHermanCain , BarackObama's mistreatment of Israel and GOP 2012 .
So , what you did think of my mind ?	My thoughts on Joe Paterno and political analysts in today's #trumpvlog . . .
The day of her ' tis day .	The death tax should be abolished -- the Government is simply taxing you twice . It is also a job killer .
.	The Debate , BarackObama's mic , and my Endorsement in today's #trumpvlog---
.	Solyndra's government loan and subsequent bankruptcy prove that BarackObama is both corrupt and inept .
I ’ ll set on the show of the show of the show of the very very like of the show of the other .	The Fed should not bail out the EU . Europe's financial mess is their problem , not our problem !
A man is he by her again .	Our deficits are caused by runaway spending , not inadequate taxing . Washington does not have a revenue problem .
.	The Federal government spent over $3 . 7 trillion last year . This is unsustainable and a true danger . The American dream is being destroyed .
.	#timetogettough The White House Correspondents' Dinner in my new book ""Time To Get Tough"" . . . . . watch the #trumpvlog---
.	A record high 6 . 7% of Americans are living in extreme poverty . This is tragic . We can do better .
.	Reporter AlHunt is one boring and low vision guy !
The deed of a challenge ’ s deed .	China 'scorns' US cyber espionage charges--China does not respect us and feels Obama is a ""dummy""
How does this he look to you ?	See what I have to say about the Occupy Wall Street protestors in today's #trumpvlog . . . .
And you ’ s a ” And will you both see , and both !	Iran's quest for nuclear weapons is a major threat to our nation's national security interests . We can't allow Iran to go nuclear .
Why , sir .	Malfeasance at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac helped cause our current financial meltdown .
Who yet ’ s her that ’ s people ?	My interview on gretawire discussing the economy and TheHermanCain ""Witch Hunt""
The fashion of this .	Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren gretawire tonight on Fox News at 10 p . m .
The True , and drink ’ s good good good good .	The Oil Companies collude with OPEC to keep oil artificially overvalued . They need to be reigned in .
What a man ’ s one of her sister ’ s daughter !	The greatest threat to our security is our debt . It is already past 100% GDP . We need to make real budget cuts .
.	The economy won't fully recover until ObamaCare is fully repealed . It is a job killer !
What ’ s a more than a more than a more ’ s a more ’ s a more !	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood just made its first visit to Hamas-led Gaza . Why did BarackObama promote the ""Arab Spring"" ?
What ’ s the next ?	Why is BarackObama letting the Taliban know when our troops are leaving ? This is dangerous for our soldiers .
Why , ’ s more .	The SuperCommittee must cut spending , not raise taxes . Washington has a spending problem , not a revenue problem .
Call .	Another company that the DOE has given money to just filed for bankruptcy . This is how the money we borrow at 40% from China is wasted .
Call .	Is Jon Stewart a racist ? See video that includes clip . . . #thedailyshow
.	The Republicans never should have agreed to this past summer's debt deal . Military cuts will now come along with tax increases .
Who with her her that ’ s her ?	THe Chinese military is already hacking our satellites The Chinese government is not an American ally .
Call .	It snowed over 4 inches this past weekend in New York City . It is still October . So much for Global Warming .
The time for the words .	The Al Qaeda flag is now flying over Benghazi . BarackObama spent over $3Billion of our money for this ?
Who ’ s a man are two thousand ducats .	Is Jon Stewart a racist ? See video--- thedailyshow
Who ’ s a man are two thousand ducats .	Our economy cannot stay competitive with policies like these: BarackObama is proposing over $90 Billion in new regulations .
The matter for her that ’ s best will be the best of the best will be the best .	ObamaCare contains marriage penalty taxes . Why should married couples be penalized for having healthcare ?
.	My interview from last night with piersmorgan discussing OWS
Why , sir .	My interview yesterday with TeamCavuto discussing Europe's debt deal and the GOP primary
Call .	The US Air Force won the war in Libya to clear the way for Islamic Extremist control of Libya .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Our worst threat to unemployment is ObamaCare . It will also destroy our country's basic standards .
You thank you , very very true , and very true !	When will our nation's sacrifices be respectfully appreciated ? Iraq and Libya should reimburse us in oil .
The more is a soldier , and was a soldier ’ s in the matter .	The Debt is our nation's greatest threat . BarackObama is out of touch .
Who 's a hours of her .	Watch me tonight at 9PM ET on CNN , full hour . Piersmorgan won ApprenticeNBC before taking over Larry King's slot- should be interesting .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Why aren't we getting any oil from Iraq before we leave ? We are leaving the country wide open for Iran . Big mistake .
But the more ’ s one of her , but the matter .	When will Washington stand up to China . China is manipulating its currency and stealing our jobs . Washington should move on legislation .
Come to the come to her ”	I am happy to see the majority of the GOP candidates agree with me that the tax code must be simplified and the rates dropped .
What 's , delight !	My FoxNews interview last night with Gretawire
The time of her call .	In response to Lawrence , my net worth is substantially more than 7 billion dollars--- very low debt , great as . . . ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Read this about Lawrence . . . .
By the suit I will be his life , Who ’ s ’ s the time .	I heard , because his show is unwatchable , that Lawrence has made many false statements last night about me . Maybe I should sue him ?
Thanks !	THe 2012 election is the most important in my lifetime . We must nominate a candidate who will win and will roll back BarackObama's damage .
Why , let the better part of a little .	Stop calling my office to do your show , I have more important things to do with my time--- nobody's watching you ! lawrence
What ’ s that thou think ’ s the matter , Ay , no doubt ?	Why does the federal government send foreign aid to China ? Unbelievable ! Washington is financing America's de . . . ( cont )
I thank you , so .	Please only respond by tweet lawrence because like everyone else , I don't watch your show .
Who I love her love her love .	Does BarackObama ever work ? He is constantly campaigning and fundraising--on both the taxpayer's dime and time---not fair !
Let ’ s good fortune and fortune .	I only go on shows that get ratings , that's why I do oreillyfactor , hannityshow , and gretawire . Your sho . . . ( cont )
Good a work , a work .	Printing money is neither a short or long term solution to our country's economic woes . The Fed is destroyin . . . ( cont )
You thank you .	Libya is adopting a more radical form of Sharia Law now under their new leadership . Is this what BarackObama wanted ?
You thank you .	So much for creating American jobs--BarackObama gave $529 Million to a ""Green"" car company---so they can be manufactured in Finland .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	The job plan by BarackObama is nothing more than a second stimulus . The first failed and so will this one .
Why , the “ He ’ s her ” In her ” In her ’ s the people have been “ Who ’ s ”	See what I have to say about Iran and Iraq in today's #trumpvlog . . .
Who ’ s ho ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ” For ’ s her ” and her ” For her ” For her ”	We are leaving Iraq after expending a tremendous amount of blood and treasure . We should be reimbursed with oil ! -- Don't give it to Iran .
Who come to her come to the bed	The Dollar is at an all-time WWII low against the Yen . The Fed's recklessness is going to lead to record inflation .
Call her up .	Why do we continue to sit idly by while China steals our national security and corporate secrets ? China is an enemy , not a friend .
The one , be that is a wit and that ’ s wit .	The Misery Index is at a 28 year high .
The best will come to her men ’ s the work of men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s sleep and hear the work .	Why did BarackObama liberate Libya and do nothing for the Iranian protestors ? Iran is a threat to our national security .
Who ’ s a thank you .	A simplified tax code will help promote growth in the private sector .
Come , good good good good good good good good good .	Why did we spend billions of our money on Libya if we are not going to get any of the country's oil ? What do we get out of this ?
Why , and good fortune .	Why is crude oil priced at $86/Barrel ? OPEC is ripping us off . Not worth $30/Barrel . America needs new leaders .
You thank you .	My thoughts on Gadhafi's death , BarackObama , and the misery index . . . #trumpvlog
Who ’ s a	The OWS protesters are doing nothing to advance the interests of the 99% . Time for them to go home !
Call her a man !	BarackObama claims that all his choices were ""the right ones . "" I am sure the 20% of Americans who are unemployed disagree .
O , ho !	Bob Beckel , a commentator for FOX is bad for the FoxNews brand: BobBeckel is close to incompetent .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""Sometimes understanding other people's problems is the key to finding opportunities . "" -- Midas Touch w/atheRealKiyosaki
O , ho !	America needs to rebuild our infrastructure . Why are we sending trillions overseas when our own roads , bridge . . . ( cont )
Who ’ s my father .	We must stop outsourcing our jobs overseas and end our multi-billion dollar trade deficits .
The March ’ s the March , there ’ s her ”	My beautiful wife Melania will be appearing on QVC this evening from 8 to 9 pm .
Call her a	Both BarackObama and China have embraced OWS . All want the decline of America . Time for the protesters to go home .
The one I understand that I have a side .	My thoughts on barackobama's campaign . . . .
Call her a ”	My FoxNews interview last night on hannityshow discussing OWS and BarackObama's incompetent leadership .
Call her a ”	Our country is blowing up and BarackObama is out campaigning .
Who is the worst are the worst of the worst !	""Everyone makes mistakes , but it's what you do with them and what you learn from them that matters . "" -- Midas Touch
Who made a foolish her men ’ s all the work of her .	Iraq's government is treating us like fools . We should demand their oil .
.	If ObamaCare is not repealed then we can expect stagnant growth , long term unemployment and record high premiums .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Now China is publicly supporting the OWS protests It's time for the protesters to go home .
A thing that have said .	Watch Seanhannity tonight on his show , Hannity , Fox News at 9 pm . I'll be on and we'll cover the Wall Stree . . . ( cont )
Not a man ’ s a man !	Iran was planning to attack the Israeli and Saudi DC embassies . We should respond accordingly . The diplomatic window is closed .
Who ’ s a thank you .	BarackObama is holding Taiwan's request for 66 advanced F-16's . Wrong message to send to China .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	It is time for Iran to face serious consequences . This regime is a threat to our national security .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Late last Friday BarackObama announced his 2011 budget deficit was $1 . 299 trillion -- the second largest in US history .
O , ho !	Johnboehner: Stop ""The China Curse"" --- Pass the China Currency Bill !
I will .	Happy to have passed 800 , 000 followers . Looking forward to passing 1M sooner than later .
There is none .	Why is BarackObama always campaigning or on vacation ?
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	My new book Midas Touch in stores now . . . . #trumpvlog
What ’ s the lord .	My interview with gretawire last night on FoxNews: BarackObama 'Missed His Opportunity'
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	China's military buildup is a major threat to the Free World . We must remain resolute and maintain our national defense at all costs .
Call her .	Be sure to watch my wonderful wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1AM EST
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	More questions answered . . . #trumpvlog
Why , a matter .	Check out the #trumpvlog to see the answers to your questions . . .
Who ’ s a ” for a Hail of her he ’ s ”	If the Wall Street protesters are upset about the economy then they should really be protesting BarackObama at the White House .
Is all the matter there ?	Stop ""The China Curse"" -- Pass the Chinese Currency Bill !
He had he made not his heels .	My FoxNews interview on gretawire discussing ""The China Curse""
Why , and good fortune .	Tweet me your questions to answer . #trumpvlog
He ’ s but that ’ s men ’ s from her ” and her from her ”	Tune in tonight to Greta van Susteren's show , On the Record , which airs on Fox News at 9 p . m .
But , a virtue , but a will mark .	Mitt Romney is right about the Chinese rip-off of America .
Ay , and so .	The debate was very interesting last night . There were numerous winners and Governor Romney did very well .
He ’ s a man !	When will BarackObama release an actual budget ?
I am I told that often myself .	I don't want to be the only billionaire in America---I want all Americans to be rich .
What is and good good good good good good .	If the Prez wants to create jobs talk to some business people---not liberal intellectuals .
My ’ s with her ” the new of his new ”	The only way to spread economic growth is to lower taxes and end unfriendly regulatory practices .
Who ’ s a Who ’ s a ha and her ”	The Fed's reckless monetary policy is going to create record inflation .
.	New study shows 80% of Congress have no business experience--it shows !
.	A guy named BobBeckel on FOX , their resident liberal , was not born with much of a brain .
Was that a yesterday a fellow of a fellow left the man ’ s left .	I have traveled the world . America is the most beautiful country on Earth .
What ’ s a man , no more ' s man !	The only job BarackObama cares about is his own . Everything he does is for his own reelection .
I ’ s a man ’ s bed , I ’ ll be a man of the matter .	When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan ? We must rebuild our country first .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	The GOP primary schedule is a disaster . Not enough time .
The men was the was put on the matter , ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a work , and put on the more ’ s a ”	A-Rod is a less than average baseball player now that he is unable to use drugs . A-Rod misrepresented to th . . . ( cont )
What ’ s a man !	BarackObama is trying to pass another stimulus after the first was a complete failure . Does he really believe we are that stupid ?
Call her her again !	BarackObama sold guns to the Mexican drug cartels . They were used in the murders of Americans . Where is the outrage ?
Call it a good .	BarackObama now says that he is an ""underdog in 2012 . "" America should be so lucky . We still need a solid candidate .
Call it out of her her ?	Our national debt has grown by 30% and a gallon of gas has doubled so far under BarackObama . He is a disaster .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	The Democrats in the Super Committee want to raise taxes first in deficit talks . Huge mistake . Cut wasteful spending first .
The March ’ s the March at her ”	BarackObama released documents late last Friday proving his administration was directly involved in sellin . . . ( cont )
.	Great meeting with THEHermanCain yesterday in Trump Tower . Great guy !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Looking forward to visiting the Trump Vineyard Estates today in Charlottesville , VA , for a press conference and the grand opening .
Why , what a great a great a great what great a great more .	Great article in torontodotcom - ""DonaldJTrumpJr: the original apprentice""
What ’ s a man and say .	I was on CNN last night with ErinBurnett .
Who ’ s a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great work !	Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren Gretawire tonight at 10 p . m . on Fox News .
What ’ s a man !	It's about time Italy recognized the innocence of AmandaKnox---great news !
And did never her that time .	Looking forward to speaking at #sparknb next week in Atlantic Canada--my first time ever .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	My book , Midas Touch , with Robert Kiyosaki ( Rich Dad , Poor Dad ) will be in bookstores tomorrow--it's a grea . . . ( cont )
Let her hear the best to see the best of the best was .	THeCelebrityApprentice cast is set---the best we've ever had . Shooting starts in 2 weeks---airs in February .
What ’ s a more ’ s bed , and very much was a very good !	USGovernment has done nothing to help AmandaKnox .
I would be a little teach me to his mistress ' mistress ' mistress !	AmandaKnox is innocent . Italian government should pay for this travesty .
Call it .	Sadly , Vanity Fair is a rapidly dying magazine . Needs new blood--and fast ! Going the way of SPY Magazine .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	The unemployment numbers are tragic . We are letting the world take our jobs . It has to stop !
The man your man ’ s her ' tis more .	BarackObama said yesterday that we have ""gone soft . "" How can the world respect us when our own President doesn't ?
What ’ s great a great was .	How many more billions of dollars will BarackObama continue to waste in these solar companies ?
What is the will be made the matter .	Everyone should boycott Italy if Amanda Knox is not freed---she is totally innocent .
He .	JonHuntsman called to set up a meeting . Haven't returned his call .
Call you her of her , her ’ s her !	America needs a tough negotiator---not a community organizer .
Will be on a bed at her men .	VPBiden is actually right for once: Biden: ""Voters should blame Obama , not Bush , for economy . ""
Who ’ s the more think !	My interview yesterday with MyFoxNY
Upon a bed tonight .	I'm thrilled to announce that my new tailored clothing line has officially launched at Macy's . In business it' . . . ( cont )
The wind of her not a thing !	A simplified tax code would spur economic growth and help create jobs . Unfortunately , Washington is incapable of simplifying anything .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	The only way for Medicare and Social Security to remain solvent is if our economy is healthy . BarackObama doesn't get it .
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	The Iranians have just threatened to send warships to our coasts . They laugh at us . We can't allow them to develop nuclear weapons .
Why , that I speak of her ?	The Fed's reckless policies of low interest and flooding the market with dollars needs to be stopped or we will face record inflation .
Call .	China does not negotiate from a position of strength , we simply negotiate against ourselves . We have all the advantages but don't execute .
Give your foot of your work , and your eyes , give and make .	My FoxNews interview from yesterday discussing my recent meetings in Trump Tower and also GovChristie
.	Really bad ratings for Lawrence O'Donnell on MSNBC---O'Reilly is killing him !
Thanks , and the people now , my thoughts of my lord , and the matter , and the matter at her men ’ s men ’ s men of her men are a ”	JonHuntsman has zero chance of getting the nomination . Whoever said I wanted to meet him ? Time is money and I don't waste mine .
.	The erictrumpfdn Golf Invitational featuring a performance by BretMichaels was a great event . Enjoy the video . . . .
.	When will BarackObama present an actual budget ? Enough with the games .
What ’ s a ” to her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to be a ” to be a ” to her	""Sleepy"" Chuck Todd of NBC falls far short of the late great Tim Russert .
What ’ s a bed of her crown to be “ Hail of her	China is stealing our jobs . We need to demand China stop manipulating its currency and end its rampant corporate espionage .
What , I am that I am more than the more than I can .	Great interview in postedtoronto of DonaldJTrumpJr: He makes me proud .
.	ObamaCare must be completely repealed . A recent report from UBS shows that it is the number one reason employers are not hiring .
.	My interview from yesterday with seanhannity
.	Happy New Year to all my Jewish friends .
.	Our economy is struggling and OPEC continues to rip us off . Output is low and the price is too high . They ar . . . ( cont )
He .	It seems BarackObama had our tax dollars buy guns for Mexican drug lords that were used to kill Americans . We need answers now .
Why .	A great interview of DonaldJTrumpJr in the @ globeandmail on Trump Tower Toronto
Not .	My CNN interview with wolfblitzercnn yesterday discussing by meeting with MittRomney
.	My FoxNews interview from last night with gretawire discussing yesterday's meeting with MittRomney
Not but a good good thanks .	My FoxNews interview from yesterday with TeamCavuto discussing the economy , my trip to Australia , MittRomne . . . ( cont )
.	ObamaCare is a major threat to America's entrepreneurial spirit and competitiveness . Small businesses will b . . . ( cont )
Call .	Our country's debt crisis cannot be solved by tax increases . We must cut government spending .
The matter that you have been in our daughters , ’ s house .	Obama Care’s taxes vest in 2014 . Conveniently after the 2012 election . Coincidence ?
.	OPEC is ripping us off on oil . We are ripping ourselves off by investing in unproven green energy . #Solyndra
What is the time that you from the other that did have a jest !	Our deficit spending is China’s gain . BarackObama is bankrupting our country .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I couldn't make the Faith and Freedom confab in Orlando so I sent a video . . .
What ’ s a bed ?	Now is no time to cut military spending . We must remain strong . Our enemies are looking for weakness . I'm i . . . ( cont )
Why , a matter .	Government waste , fraud and abuse should be immediately addressed . This will help solve our deficit crisis both short and long term .
What 's , good a good of her .	EricTrump is doing a great job on completing our new Trump Winery in Virginia .
Why , a matter .	BarackObama's Jobs Plan sure looks like a Tax Increase Plan to me .
I will .	Australia is a beautiful country with terrific people who love America .
The question and so ?	China is neither an ally or a friend--they want to beat us and own our country .
Now every man , hath used the law in the business .	Our next President must stop China's Rip-off of America .
The way of his part put them in the way to make the matter .	Just finished speaking in Sydney , Australia , in front of 20 , 000 people and today I'm off to Melbourne for anot . . . ( cont )
.	Rick Perry is right when he says we must stand by Israel in the UN .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	ObamaCare will destroy small business--the backbone of America's economy .
God God ’ s hard and fortune .	""If you're going to think--think big"" --- The Art of the Deal
What 's and good fortune !	Sorry I will miss the CPAC gathering in Orlando--there in spirit--Obama must go .
Well , good a good good !	BarackObama's method of spending the stimulus -- ""Obama fundraiser linked to loan program that aided Solyndra""
How did you like a last night like a last night ?	I find it really hard to listen to BarackObama's speeches . He doesn't have a clue .
.	It seems there is never a problem for which BarackObama cannot find a reason for another speech and another tax .
He .	How will raising taxes create jobs ? Washington is all out of answers . New leadership is needed .
He .	I am increasingly concerned with the UN's ploy against Israel this coming week and will monitor all events closely from Australia .
In it , I ’ ll have it .	Watch my latest appearance on Squawk Box . . . .
Why , I ’ s a morning , and seven morning , I ’ s the morning .	If China had a tenth of the natural resources we do then they would already be energy independent . Instead we continue to buy oil from OPEC .
What had enough of this good night , good night , good night , and good night , and this night had , of this night , and this night , good night !	My thoughts on the Emmys in today's #trumpvlog . . . .
The more ’ s a daughter , and the fair and beauty ?	""It doesn't cost any money to think bigger . "" -- The Art of the Deal
I ’ ll never went in her chamber , and the thing , all mine .	BarackObama---great job on Solyndra . You are some extremely skilled venture capitalist . Stick to the memoirs and speeches .
Why , a good friend ’ s good friend !	BarackObama -- honored and excited to be listed on AttackWatch . Thanks . BTW -- where are the jobs ? Donald .
Call .	I applaud netanyahu for announcing that he will show up at the UN to defend Israel . A true US friend and great leader .
Why never so like that ’ s ’ s never ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s never never like a thing that ’ s eyes !	We can create jobs in the American economy by protecting our own manufacturing sector .
Why , a very very good lady !	Can you imagine if BarackObama had passed Cap and Trade ? ! Energy costs would be double from already record highs .
Most not set on a man !	The Solyndra Scandal--BarackObama's $500Million photo op . He loves wasting our money .
The men is the most of her that I have seen , it !	My FoxNews interview last night on gretawire -- ""On 2012: I'll Wait and See""
You are the very near the foul of the time .	Had dinner with RickPerry last night---great guy , straight shooter , impressive record .
I ’ s the foul very little in a little .	Third Gun Linked to 'Fast and Furious' Identified at Border Agent's Murder Scene . When will the White House come clean ?
How now you like a reason and so far ?	BarackObama's job bill contains the word 'Tax' over 330 times--that will sure work !
Here we go with the matter !	Bob Turner--great guy , great businessman , will be a great Congressman . Was happy to help him win .
Call .	I'm looking forward to seeing you all this afternoon at Macy's Herald Square . 5:30 pm at the Crystal department on 8 .
.	BarackObama will hear loud and clear today the message NY-9 is sending by electing Bobturner9th -- Israel is our friend and ally .
The fellow of a fellow , a fellow !	We should immediately close all tax loopholes that favor foreign investments and taking our jobs overseas t . . . ( cont )
Give me a good thanks .	I'm very proud of my new crystal collection . Here's a sneak peak of my favorite collection Elmsford ( cont )
By the world , I will be very sure , the very sure of the very long tonight !	The White House is continuing to be openly uncooperative with the Fast and Furious investigation . American lives were lost . We need answers .
.	The Eric Trump Foundation Golf Invitational benefiting St . Jude Children's Research Hospital is today--and i . . . ( cont )
What better come to the more ’ s men ’ s the matter and the better of the matter .	How can the economy ever recover when BarackObama keeps threatening the private sector with more taxes . This is no way to spur growth .
The matter .	I'm urging my friends in Brooklyn to vote for Bob Turner tomorrow--send barackobama a message .
The True is .	Friends in NY-9 , let BarackObama know that you don't approve of his mistreatment of Israel . Vote for Bobturner9th tomorrow !
Why .	The American economy would grow if Washington didn’t keep threatening higher taxes and more regulations . Government is not the solution .
.	My thoughts on andyroddick in today's #trumpvlog . . . .
Call .	Watch the 2011 #MissUniverse Pageant tonight at 9PM on NBC . . .
.	The World Economic Forum now ranks the US the fifth most competitive economy in the world . We have fallen from first under BarackObama .
Call .	Iran’s nuclear program must be stopped – by any and all means necessary .
Why , I hope so !	Very exciting . I will be at Macy’s Herald Square this Wednesday at 5:30pm to celebrate the launch of Trump Home crystal !
I will be tonight tonight , that I will be the great know of great great general ’ s great come .	Want jobs ? Slash corporate tax rate . Tax incentives for companies that create jobs in US . America will boom .
Who is now a work of her ” ?	BarackObama---the stimulus will fail , just like the first .
Call .	I watched POTUS speech from Europe---same old ""tax and spend"" won't create jobs .
What 's !	IvankaTrump always makes me proud
Ay , a very she is very very very man ’ s very man ’ s part , she is a very more , she is a very man is a very one of her	Why is the UN planning to attack Israel's sovereignty and ignore Iran's nuclear program ? The US should look at future funding .
You thank you .	China is happy to learn that BarackObama plans to borrow another $300 Billion . BarackObama is their favorite client .
Why , a matter .	If only speeches could create jobs then BarackObama wouldn't have such a dismal economic record .
What 's !	A robust growing economy is how to fix Social Security and Medicare---not cuts on Seniors .
The day comes there .	US should have told Libya ""Rebels"" --- give us 50% of your oil for our military support .
.	USA should take oil from Iraq in repayment for their liberation .
.	BarackObama trillion $ stimulus was supposed to create jobs -- instead it gave us more debt and higher unemployment .
The men ’ s a times my bond for ’ s years .	The UN is about to use its Assembly to attack Israel . We should defund the UN entirely if they can't act resp . . . ( cont )
Who more men more than any other world in the world .	BarackObama wishes speeches could create jobs . His job is costing America all of ours .
Who says the knave ’ s a knave ’ s ”	Fast and Furious gun running goes all the way to the White House . We need answers now !
The matter that a man 's work of the March .	Oil is double the price now compared to last year--OPEC is laughing at BarackObama .
A Hail .	Fast and Furious put semi-automatics in the hands of Mexican drug lords that killed Americans - BarackObama should answer all questions .
Who ’ s a years of his wife , and bring his wife .	The White House is predicting 9% unemployment throughout 2012 – and when Obama Care takes effect in 2014 expect it to go even higher .
Why , not a thought is but not .	Make no mistake---Fast and Furious goes ALL the way to the White House .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ” ”	BarackObama is so inept that I think he simply made a mistake in originally scheduling the Joint Session on September 7th . Just sad .
What will be so , if the business , if to be so near .	My interview with gretawire last night -- ""Everything Obama Does is a 'Campaign Speech'""
My lord is been in her men and seek the business .	We must stand firm against the UN's ploy to sabotage Israel---if the UN grants the PA statehood then we must immediately defund it .
God God ’ s fortune ’ s fortune ’ s fortune .	With gas prices rising and the economy failing , BarackObama seeks to have his EPA raise energy prices by $109B
Let us be with our country ’ s country away .	Libya is being taken over by Islamic radicals---with BarackObama's open support .
Why , ’ s great more great .	My thoughts on Dick Cheney and his new book . . . #trumpvlog
Why , that they have a better than it , — A great thanks for your great thanks .	China's business interests reach far and wide---even domestically within our borders . We need to reassess our relationship .
Why .	The new Libyan Government should turn over the Lockerbie bomber---now .
.	ObamaCare must be fully repealed or it will destroy America's small businesses .
.	If the UN unilaterally grants the Palestinians statehood , then the US should cut off all its funding . Actions have consequences .
.	If the Palestinians want statehood then why are they run by the terrorist group Hamas ?
.	Crude is at $85 right now – isn’t even worth half that . OPEC is ripping us off .
.	BarackObama MUST release a budget before johnboehner begins negotiations on a continuing appropriations resolution .
.	Iran admits to aiding the Libyan ""Rebels"" and Ahmadinejad received a letter of thanks - when will Washington learn ?
A next of her that should be a more than the next !	Libyan Rebels should have given us 50% of the oil in return for our military support---we don't even ask !
.	Hurricane Irene and Libya in today's #trumpvlog . . . .
Why , ’ s a more ’ t , it is so .	More and more Americans seem fed up with both Parties----I agree .
Call .	There is no substitute for private sector experience .
What ’ s a years of her years , And like a week or many thousand night , or one of her men ’ s bed , and one of her men ’ s one of her men ’ s one .	Why did BarackObama and his family travel separately to Martha's Vineyard ? They love to extravagantly spend on the taxpayers' dime .
The her on the men , the people was the love of her , I love , I love !	I'm very proud of the work my son EricTrump has been doing with the EricTrumpFDN , take a look . . .
Who is one one that makes his company .	America needs a President who can negotiate better deals for the American People .
.	China's corporate espionage is a continued threat to the American economy . With the right leadership , it can be stopped .
Why , sir .	BarackObama inherited $10 . 6 Trillion in National Debt---will leave after his first term with the Debt at over $17 . 6 Trillion .
Why , my very very very very very very .	There usually is an easy solution to every problem . For instance , a lot of our country's problems can be solved in next year's election .
What 's and good fortune !	We have spent over $1 Billion on the Libya operation . What are we getting back ?
O , how he cannot be no more !	Just as I predicted , Joe_Biden was a complete disaster in China . He condoned the Chinese one-child policy an . . . ( cont )
And that the One of Octavia , and gave it , And more ’ s more .	As bad as Qaddafi was---what comes next in Libya will be worse---just watch .
.	Let's not start celebrating over Libya until we see who takes over .
It is no away to be the wars , and have it to be , and be the wars of her without more than the wars shall be the war , and the war .	We spent over a billion on Libya and lead the way---why is Europe getting the oil ?
The more , ’ s a woman ’ s heart !	RonPaul has some serious ideas which deserve serious consideration . Wrong for media to ignore him .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	We don't need another stimulus . The first one was a complete failure . Why repeat the same mistake ?
.	While BarackObama continues to defend ObamaCare in the courts , he is also granting companies waivers . Eve . . . ( cont )
.	misskhan Very nice--thanks again .
What 's a matter !	Israel is being barraged by rockets from Gaza recently . They must respond accordingly in defense of their citizens .
What Do you understand you ?	BarackObama is sure a master delegator . He has sent Joe_Biden to China . The Chinese are laughing at us . We MUST do better .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	BarackObama’s new job plan will certainly do the following – 1 . Not create any jobs . 2 . Borrow more money from China .
What 's !	You can listen to my interview today with Jay Sekulow Live and the JordanSekulow show here 12PM EST .
Why , a good fortune .	Insurgents in Iraq show they can still mount horrifying attacks---US wastes trillions .
Why , sir .	Many people have been asking to see my plane , The Apprentice's AmandaTMiller will give you a tour . . .
Who 's a for your chamber .	Karl Rove --lost GOP both Houses of Congress and the White House--gave us Obama .
Call it .	MacMiller will enjoy today's #trumpvlog . . .
Why , on your work , and work , and give up .	Ron Paul is right when he says we are wasting lives and money in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Why , a time .	My interview with gretawire on Fox News for those who missed it - 'Obama's Constantly on Vacation'
The matter for the March .	BarackObama has a record low 39% Gallup approval rating . Why so high ?
Why , a matter .	My interview this morning on Good Morning America with George Stephanopoulos
What 's !	Amazing--Obama speaks , market goes DOWN---Trump tells CNBC he's buying stock---market goes UP --- should not be that way !
The more forth of the times at the times is not a times a strumpet ’ s mad .	A good example of how our country wastes money . . . #trumpvlog
Call it a one that ’ s one ’ s ’ s more .	I was interviewed by Greta Van Susteren today here at Trump Tower . Tune in tonight on Fox News at 10 p . m . . . . ( cont )
.	China is a threat to America . They are not our friend .
.	Unemployment is plaguing both Black and Hispanic youths . Very troubling .
The many people .	My thoughts on the Republican Party in today's #trumpvlog . . .
The many and never have of the sun never can be a whole of France and truly !	BarackObama played golf yesterday . Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard . Nice work ethic .
The doubt against the men ’ s will take it .	Reporters say it's the Trump Bump---I tell CNBC I am buying stocks--- and the market goes up .
The a men ’ s men have ’ s work , and the Moor is ’ s ’ s of her	Economic growth can save Social Security , Medicare and America .
Why , I hear you are great hear .	Mike Huckebee , a great guy , said the President should appoint me Treasury Secretary . China and OPEC would not be happy .
Who ’ s her “ “ ” ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	Ron Paul is right that we are wasting trillions of dollars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Why , like a times , we are a more than another ’ s another ’ s again	Obama has no understanding of how to create jobs or opportunity . He believes in Government .
Be to the matter that ’ s peace and the matter at the gracious lord .	It's easy to see why Americans are sick of career politicians and both parties .
What 's !	How will Mitt Romney defend his record on jobs and Romneycare in tonight's debate ?
A man was a great fellow and a friend will be made .	Looking forward to the GOP debate and the outcome of the Ames straw poll . We must get a real leader .
.	I was on CNBC this morning talking about the market and America's financial future
.	My interview from yesterday with #Apprentice Andy on AmericaNowRadio
Why , sir .	The Fed continues to flood the market with US dollars . Wrong move .
I am his power that shall be power in his weak and put them in his weak .	Oil is starting to rise again despite the horrible times . OPEC continues to rip us off . Not worth $30 . New leadership needed .
I said a sun would hear him and there , And that ’ s the sun , and the sun would be made of her men ’ s bed and her men ’ s bed !	Congress should get back to Washington , but BarackObama doesn't want to interrupt his vacation in Martha's Vineyard .
.	BarackObama took another swipe at the State of Israel for building in their capital Jerusalem on a Jewish hol . . . ( cont )
Why , sir .	Republicans and Democrats should get back to work immediately to work on resolving downgrade . This is not a go . . . ( cont )
He will .	The S&P are losers . They did this for personal publicity in order to straighten out their terrible reputatio . . . ( cont )
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	My interview yesterday on the S&P downgrade with Wolf Blitzer on CNN
What 's a matter !	My interview with Greta last night on Fox News -- ""Nation Has Become ""All Talk , No Action' ""
Who hath been the lord , that hath been more days .	He's hired ! Listen to my #Apprentice Andy launchhis radio show AmericaNowRadio with me tomorrow 6PM ET
The that have been my lord to her men can have it on the state .	The S&P downgrade is a direct result of BarackObama's increased reckless budget spending and Obama Care . He owns this .
The more ’ s that will worse and service .	The new President of OPEC is Mahmoud Ahmadinejad’s confidant Rostam Ghasemi , a commander of the Revolutionar . . . ( cont )
In the morning come to her men ’ s ’ s the morning ’ s day , Who ’ s the morning ’ s time to his bed of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s crown in his morning ’ s bed	Obama Care is already having a devastating impact on our economy .
What ’ s a speak to a more to speak ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more to a bed of her speak of a speak of a speak of a	In today's #trumpvlog I answer your questions about what you should be doing in this uncertain economy . . .
What 's a matter !	China demanded that we raise our debt ceiling and then their rating agency downgraded us . Our leaders are hope . . . ( cont )
Call her her sister ’ s her men ’ s her ”	America's debt officially became 100% of our GDP on BarackObama's 50th birthday---coincidence ?
What ’ s great a great a great men ’ s great ’ s great be a great be a great a great men .	My interview last night with Greta on Fox News
No , sir , he hath a very storm .	Thanks to Giovanni's Coal Fire Pizza of Florida for donating enough pizza to feed 750 Police Athletic League youngsters in NY this Friday .
Who ’ s a Fool of her ' s a man ’ s one of her ' s ’ s a ” a one of her ’ s one of her ”	Watch my interview with Greta Van Susteren on her show , On the Record , tonight on Fox News in the 10 p . m . hour .
Who should be the Moor ?	Today's #trumpvlog answers your tweets about my thoughts on the Republican candidates . . .
What 's her !	Morning Joe Panel is stealing many of my statements and ideas to better America without giving credit -- the story of my life !
The time , it is it .	Republicans gave Obama a free pass to the White House -- they just don't get it .
You thank you .	I believe America can be great only with proper leadership .
Not a peace !	Wake Up America -- China is eating our lunch .
Call it !	All those politicians in Washington and not one good negotiator .
Come , let the good work of a good work .	Why I would not have approved the deal . . . #trumpvlog
Why , and good fortune .	No taxes the only good thing about DC Debt Deal .
Give me a Never give him .	Why should we have any defense cuts in any deal ? America must remain strong .
Will you have been .	Disappointed in GOP and Dems---Giving Obama power to raise the debt limit next year is a mistake .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Ex-Presidential Pollster Pat Cadell says most voters sick of both parties and their failure .
Call her as a pretty company .	We need economic growth and jobs not blue ribbon panels to study the problem .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	No taxes in Boehner or Reid Plan----important victory for America .
Why , a good good good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a thing as a ”	Watched Sean Hannity last night -- a great guy .
Why , a good good good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a thing as a ”	If Obama has to re-fight this fight next year he loses -- ""Watch the fine details in every deal"" -- The Art of the Deal
Call her a good good .	Blue Ribbon Commission to find and agree to future spending cuts ? Bad idea .
Take it for a very man ’ s a very full of a very full of ’ s years .	""Never quit and always hit back"" -- The Art of the Comeback
Who ’ s a little ?	I just got Mike Leach's new book , Swing Your Sword . He's a great coach , and he's written a great book . It's definitely worth reading .
Why , well .	I appreciate the kind words of Mike Huckabee , a fine American
For all the great time ’ s great my last .	BarackObama has not released his own debt plan yet . He's totally lost , ineffective , desperate . GOP has its best chance to make a great deal
The good a good work .	My wife Melania Trump's show was a tremendous success last night . In case you missed her , you can see her again tonight on QVC at 7 pm ET
You thank you and best ’ s best to you .	Johnboehner ""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . "" --The Art of the Deal
What ’ s the man , ’ s pretty ”	Please tweet me your questions to answer in my #trumpvlog .
Who and great a great people for our great them !	KarlRove's CrossroadsGPS new ad criticizes Obama for his excessive spending and debt , borrowing from China . Didn't Bush do the same thing ?
No wonder , with the talk of her in her call , ' em in the quarrel ’ s lost in the matter with her of her of her speak with her men of her men of her ” is the reason .	My interview yesterday from Newsmax - ""Obama Is 'Now Totally Lost , ' Boehner Must Not Fold""
Call her a ”	People ask me every day to pose for pictures but the camera never works the first time--they are never prepared or maybe just very nervous !
Why , ’ s a more be .	""Know when to walk away from the table . "" The Art of the Deal
The time I thank you .	Watch my wife Melania Trump tonight on QVC at 1 a . m . So proud of her !
In my place that ’ s a more but that ’ s the matter .	Higher Taxes kill job creation---cut wild government spending and waste .
The bed And I look forth to her company .	China has so much of our debt that they can't put us in default w/o killing themselves---US needs our toughest negotiator---and fast !
Good and fortune !	America's debt is greater than our GDP . Time for new thinking .
Call the day !	My interview from yesterday on Fox and Friends -- ""GOP Crazy If They Don't Get Everything They Want""
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	My thoughts on the situation in Norway and Amanda Knox . . . #trumpvlog
Call it her March , her men ’ s her ”	Fiscal mismanagement of cash costing US Taxpayer billions---cut fraud and waste before cutting funding for Seniors .
Call it and her call her her .	Obama , sadly , has no business or private sector background---and it shows .
If the men ’ s bed , and be the days to be “ days of days . ” to be “ days ”	The pressure on the debt ceiling is on BarackObama . . . . #trumpvlog
Call up the day !	The Answer to both Social Security and Medicare is a robust growing economy---not cuts on the elderly .
Who ’ s a ” a ”	We need a balanced budget Amendment because Congress has no fiscal discipline .
Who ’ s a ” to her lord , Who in the sun ’ s times the matter to her ”	Unfortunately@BarackObama's continued attack on the US $ will lead to ever rising gas prices at the pump and lots of other really bad things
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ” ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ”	Ronald Kessler's new book ""The Secrets of the FBI"" is a great book that should be read by everyone .
Why , a good fortune .	""Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally . "" - US Senator BarackObama , 2007
Marry , my a poor man ’ s man ’ s a poor and my place .	My interview on gretawire last night - ""Our Leaders Are Leading Us Into 'Oblivion'""
Who , a common .	""The Gang of Six"" - yet another unmitigated disaster . ANY DEAL NEEDS TO REPEAL OBAMACARE . T-E-A .
What 's ’ s the matter to her .	""China is our enemy--they want to destroy us"" -- Redstate Interview
Call it , and and be a and and and ’ s part .	Obama is addicted to spending America into insolvency . His record proves it .
O , ho !	Robust Economic growth is the answer to the Medicare Problem--not cuts on the elderly .
Why , good fortune !	While BarackObama seeks to further destroy our credit , our economy continues to hemorrhage jobs . Such a total failure---as a President .
I 'll make a matter .	johnboehner EricCantor ""You can't con people . . . if you don't deliver the goods , people will eventually catch on . "" - The Art of the Deal
He ’ s a man !	So China is ordering us to raise the Debt Limit . . . How low have we as a nation sunk ?
Who ’ s a ” and her men ’ s a ” and her ’ s a ” !	The GOP doesn't waste an opportunity to waste an opportunity . Defunding Obamacare should be central to any deal .
Why , and good fortune .	Every dollar BarackObama spends costs $1 . 40 with interest borrowed from China on our children and grandchildren's backs . CUT-CAP-BALANCE !
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	BarackObama has sold guns to Mexican drug lords while his DOJ erodes our 2nd Amendment rights .
Why , and a good fortune .	#trumpvlog The Republicans must act now , don't let barackobama push you around . . . .
Call the March , her her again .	Congratulations to my daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared on the birth of their daughter Arabella Rose yesterday .
Come , is a little man ’ s , and you yourself , and your chamber .	marcorubio is right . We need to create more taxpayers , not more taxes . CUT , CAP AND BALANCE .
Why , sir , you thank you , sir , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ll come .	BarackObama You have increased discretionary spending by 25% annually and amassed over $4 trillion in debt . T-E-A
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Who will be the next TheRealTeenUSA ? Find out this Saturday at 8PM ET on missteenusa . com #TeenUSA
Why , my lord .	What is better advice- ""The Art of the Deal"" or ""Rules for Radicals"" ? I know which one BarackObama prefers .
O , ho !	CUT , CAP AND BALANCE . TAXED ENOUGH ALREADY !
My he ’ s French ?	Take a look at and to see these beautiful hotels .
Why , a matter .	US News named the Top10 best hotels in the US--and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower NYC and Trump Int'l Hotel & Tower Chicago are on the list !
Will be a ” Will be a more than ’ s part .	BarackObama You have abandoned Israel and engaged the Muslim Brotherhood , and even the Arab world does not like it
A pretty French ?	While BarackObama tries to push gun control --He still has not answered for Project Gun Runner
Give me not for a pray you , good men ’ s the men .	My interview last night with Greta on the GOP going El Foldo
What is the men for that ’ ll be known to the sea and follow it .	johnboehner Debt Ceiling- ""Sometimes no deal is better than a bad deal . ""
Why , the day .	More thoughts on the debt ceiling in today's #trumpvlog . . .
Be , in the mind , and a very fit of the instant of the instant .	macmiller ""Donald Trump the Song"" gets 16M hits on YouTube . Who wouldn't be flattered ?
What , like a good to me !	johnboehner ""Much as it pays to emphasize the positive , there are times when the only choice is confrontation . "" The Art of the Deal
The brother ’ s brother , they can help .	johnboehner Mr . Speaker , bring the Balanced Budget Amendment to the floor for a vote ! Let's get the ball rolling .
The Moor , I never did went about the Capitol .	On our YouTube channel- the opening of the incredible Trump Ocean Club in Panama . . . .
What 's !	Derek Jeter's baseball and more in today's #trumpvlog . . .
I will make a part of a more !	House GOP wants to cut Medicare , Obama took $500 billion from Medicare for Obamacare . Both Wrong !
He was and good good good good .	ObamaCare Tragedy Primed to Further Explode the Deficit And Obama transferred $500 billion from Medicare to fund it !
What ’ s great be !	Obama - Iranian weapons killing Americans in Iraq ? What are u doing about this ?
Who is it in a very man in a thing I have a thanks .	johnboehner Message for House GOP ""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . "" - The Art of the Deal .
Why , a matter .	If only Obama was as focused on balancing the budget as he is on weakening Israel's borders then America would be on the path to solvency .
Call it , and be , be more , and think .	THe Art of the Deal--""The best thing you can do is deal from strength , and leverage is the biggest strength you have . "" CUT , CAP and BALANCE .
What ’ s a man !	Republicans should not negotiate against themselves again with BarackObama in today's debt talks--First and foremost CUT , CAP and BALANCE .
Why , and a good fortune .	Congress is back . TIME TO CUT , CAP AND BALANCE . There is no revenue problem . The Debt Limit cannot be raised until Obama spending is contained .
Why , it was good .	Perhaps this is the kind of thinking we need in Washington . . .
What , very well !	Tomorrow we'll be going to Panama for the opening of our new hotel . It's a fantastic building in a fantastic location .
What 's !	Wishing everyone a wonderful Independence Day holiday weekend , a great celebration for a great country .
Well , good a good good !	Please read and watch a recent trip made to Trump Vineyard Estates by EricTrump
Call you !	Did my weekly phoner on Fox & Friends this morning . . . sounding off on issues of the day . . .
Who ’ s a ”	I was in San Jose , CA on Saturday for a sit-down interview for the ACN national meeting which was attended by over 20 , 000 people . Huge !
Why , Ay , but we must be so .	GolfMagazine is having an online competition - vote . . .
But that ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s one of her	Our new Miss USA , Alyssa Campanella , came up to my office today for a visit . We're proud to have her as our new title holder .
The more being a man ’ s more than the water !	I've been visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links Scotland and the course will be unmatched anywhere in the world . Spectacular !
And to your grace to his day , and every day to learn .	Congratulations to the Miss USA Pageant--it was the #1 telecast of the night among ABC , CBS , NBC and Fox . A great show and a huge success .
Ay , sir .	Congratulations to Alyssa Campanella , Miss California---our new MIss USA !
Call it !	Don't forget the Miss USA Pageant , live on Sunday night at 9 pm ET on NBC . And you can vote for your favorite beauty !
Good fortune !	Watch me on the hannityshow tonight at 9pm . More thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog . . .
Why , more great more !	New on our YouTube channel today is a brand new #trumpdocumentary giving you a look inside the world of Trump Golf . . .
What 's a matter !	Your most popular tweet answered , why I'm holding off on a Presidential bid . . . #trumpvlog
God God and pretty good good good good good good good .	My thoughts on Anthony Weiner in today's #trumpvlog . . .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Check out my speech from last Friday as well as my appearance this morning on foxandfriends
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Tweet me your questions for the next #trumpvlog . . . .
Call her good a good ” !	Watch my appearances on Good Day NY . . . and FoxandFriends . . .
You have been you , “ work , ” — ” — ”	My thoughts on last night's meeting with SarahPalinUSA in today's #trumpvlog . . .
The time of the time , and yours ’ s time , give it is full of York .	Wishing everyone a Happy Memorial Day , and a thank you to all the soldiers who protected our great country .
Call her a fellow is a fellow !	TheRealMissUSA and the 2011 contestants stopped by Trump Tower yesterday , watch the video . . . #MissUSA #VEGASusa11
What ’ t ?	Congratulations to John Rich and to Marlee Matlin for a terrific job throughout the season . You are both great !
He he and best of fortune !	My appearance on foxandfriends from today . . . .
Call forth the time to her again .	Get ready for some excitement--the live finale of the Celebrity Apprentice is on this Sunday night --don't miss it !
Call ’ s a Tom ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more .	Check out today's #trumpvlog about the upcoming episode of ApprenticeNBC . . . . #celebrityapprenticefinale
Call her up , good fortune .	Vote for the next Miss USA . . . #VEGASusa11 #MissUSA
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	This has been a very difficult decision regarding the Presidential run and I want to thank all my twitter fans for your fantastic support .
Why , and good fortune .	NY Jets center , Nick Mangold , interns for Trump . Watch Trump's Fabulous World of Golf tonight 9PM ET on Golf Channel
Ay , sir .	Guests are raving about our exclusive hotel mattress and so we’ve made it available for purchase !
Not a bad a bad of a bad of bad ’ s man !	A sneak peek at Sunday's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice . . . #trumpvlog
Why , they should be a life .	Watch my appearance on foxandfriends . . .
Well , good good good good good .	oreillyfactor is having a poll , cast your vote for me at
Why , a matter .	Be sure to watch the Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday night , 9 pm on NBC .
No more than a man .	New The Next Generation videos donaldjtrumpjr- ivankatrump- erictrump-
Why , a little more .	My appearances on todayshow and gma
What ’ s a man !	danmcisaac Hopefully this answers your question . . . #trumpvlog
Why , a matter .	Be sure to watch The Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC . It's an episode you'll want to see---and one you won't forget !
What now .	Catch the second part of my interview with Bill O'Reilly tonight at 8pm on Fox News . . . .
What ’ s the True !	My thoughts on The O'Reilly Factor and more here . . .
What 's !	Watch my latest video blog . . . .
I am a one of her .	Watch me tonight on The O'Reilly Factor at 8 pm and 11 pm EST , FOX News
I ’ s a man and his house .	Watch me play both golf and baseball tonight on Donald J . Trump's Fabulous World of Golf 9PM ET on Golf Channel . .
I pray you tell me what ’ ll tell the matter ?	My latest Celebrity Apprentice video blog . . .
Why , a one will be a second second .	My appearance on The View . . . and
Good fortune !	Check out my most recent interview with CNN . . .
Call it at the hard at the matter !	This is about the money I gave to charity--and in response to your comments about Gadhafi . . .
Who 's her , and her work .	My thoughts on the Geico ad and more in today's video blog . . . .
Let ’ s the hour of her ' s man ’ s ’ s ’ s peace .	I want to see people make lots of $$ and live better lives . I really think they can do that through TheTrumpNetwork
A Lord of her ” Who must be a ” hath the Lord of her ' s men must be a ”	Here are my thoughts on last night's episode of The Celebrity Apprentice . . .
God , and God God ’ s good good good good .	I spoke with Fox and Friends today watch here
What ’ s but why the people , ’ s follow , would come to the follow ?	Don't forget the Celebrity Apprentice , Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC for another surprising and exciting episode
What ’ s the second her ” to her ”	The Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump last week was the #1 highest rated Comedy Central Roast ever . . . it brought in 3 . 5 milion viewers
.	I'll be on with Larry Kudlow of the Kudlow Report tonight on CNBC at 7 p . m . We'll be discussing current affairs and politics . Tune in .
Who ’ s a second call for a second part in the second ”	Check out my interview on GMA
I ’ s a knight , Who came to the York , ’ s the York , the York !	Catch me on Fox News right now , my interview with Neil Cavuto
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” A ”	shouldtrumprun Hundreds of thousands of supporters have already gone to and joined the movement at shouldtrumprun . com Have you ?
What think you of my people have made a suit To his suit he made a offer .	Some of your most popular questions answered in today's video
.	Keep talking about me: use #TrumpRoast to tweet about how good I look on ComedyCentral tonight at 10:30/9:30c
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	Check out the Trump Fabulous World of Golf site to meet the Fazio family---master golf course designers . . . .
A good that doth be a good man .	Hey realjeffreyross whitney cummings lisalampanelli: you call yourselves comedians ? #TrumpRoast tonight 10:30/9:30c on ComedyCentral .
.	Hey SnoopDogg ItstheSituation SethMacFarlane: Oh , I'm real scared . #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30 on Comedy Central .
What ’ s a ”	Watch as I humiliate a dais full of ""talent . "" #TrumpRoast airs tonight at 10:30/9:30c on Comedy Central
.	Tweet me more of your questions to answer in the next video . . . .
What I ’ s the woman , and her her ' twas , she ’ s her her call on her	My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice as well as my latest video blog at
What ’ s a bed .	Don't forget to tune in to the Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night , 9 pm on NBC . The fireworks continue . . . .
Who ’ s men that have her work of her ” to her ”	I will be developing the two tallest towers in the Republic of Georgia .
Great her of her ” Who ’ s her ’ s ”	More of your questions answered in today's video at here is my appearance on Neil Cavuto
Why , that does lie his bed ?	My thoughts on last night's Celebrity Apprentice also an observation I made recently
Who ’ s the day of the matter ’ s day ’ s day ’ s day ’ s day the day of the day the day of the day ’ s day	Mark it on your calendar: Comedy Central Roast , March 15th at 10:30 pm , for the Roast of Trump
Faith , my friend to the friend ’ s the matter !	Watch You've Got Donald Trump at
Good fortune and a good fortune !	I appeared on David Letterman last night . And don't forget Sunday night---the first episode of Celebrity Apprentice will be on NBC at 9 pm .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	I was on the TODAY Show this morning and then visited Regis & Kelly . The Celebrity Apprentice starts this Sunday night—don’t miss it !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	I answered some of your questions in today's video . . .
Why , a matter .	Check out today's video blog I want to answer more of your questions , tweet me . . . . .
Good my lord !	ALso coming up: The Celebrity Apprentice returns . Sunday night March 6 at 9 pm EST
Give me a good fortune ’ s fortune ’ s fortune .	Coming up in March: The ""Comedy Central Roast of Donald Trump . "" March 15 , mark your calendars .
Let your peace and give it not .	I answered your questions in today's video . . . watch at
No that is that of his work in his life is nothing of fear , and his life .	Check out today's From The Desk Of Donald Trump at I'm willing to answer your questions , tweet me . . . .
You thank you .	Check out my interview from MSNBC at
I was never never a fan or a daughter of her .	Watch the latest From The Desk Of Donald Trump at and read this article
But he will be but to it !	I was speaking with Don Imus this morning . . . .
I thank you , I am .	THe Westminster Dog Show asked if I'd be interested in meeting Hickory , a Scottish Deerhound , who won Best in Show . She came to visit today !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	From The Desk Of Donald Trump- two new videos up at and
Why , her for me !	Check out ShouldTrumpRun . . . .
Why , if they be , if they be so ?	FoxNewsInsider with comments on my speech at CPAC in Washington , DC
Good my lord .	I was on CNN yesterday . . . . .
Why , a matter .	Watch my speech at CPAC in Washington DC yesterday . . .
Who ’ s time !	It was great to appear on Piers Morgan Tonight last night as his first live guest . Piers won the Celebrity Apprentice and he's fantastic .
Good fortune !	Be sure to watch Oprah today ( 4 pm on Channel 7 ) , I'll be on with my entire family and it will be an entertaining hour . .
As an a man is not a heir of your suit .	Don't miss my Fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning tonight at 9 pm ET
Why , her be a ” “ Call in her ” —	Watch Melania on QVC this morning from 10 a . m . to 11 a . m . with her third line of her ""Melania Timepieces & Jewelry"" collection . . .
.	. . . when they have no environmental restrictions ! America' s workers need us . ""
The your wit .	THe people at shouldtrumprun . com have got it right ! How are our factories supposed to compete with China and other countries . . .
Look to the man ’ s men ’ s voice and her voice and her .	Don't miss my fabulous World of Golf now in its second season on Golf Channel beginning January 31 at 9 pm ET . Celebrity matches and more . . .
Who hath her men ’ s great her and look .	Busy doing phoners this week with Neil Cavuto , Wolf Blitzer , Fox & Friends , and Larry Kudlow . . . . check out
Is ’ s a ho ?	Don't forget to watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon , 12:35 a . m . on NBC . I'll be making a big announcement !
The Prince of men that the bed are the death of the matter !	This afternoon I'll be speaking with Neil Cavuto on Your World with Neil Cavuto , 4 p . m . on FOX News .
He was , good fortune .	Watch me on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon tomorrow night at 12:35 a . m . on NBC--I'll be making a big announcement !
I ’ ll be .	opus_6 Thanks , it's a wonderful place to be--and Happy New Year .
Why , and a good fortune .	Earther57 Sounds nice--and thanks . Happy New Year to you and yours .
Why , you thank you .	“You have to set higher and higher goals . You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast . ” – Think BIG
Why , a matter .	Visiting New York City ? Make sure to skate in the world famous Trump Rink in Central Park Great for the whole family !
What ’ s voice is but but but a voice of his ’ s ’ s ’ s a more of his voice of his voice is but but but but but but but but but but a ” to his work .	sixelA1984 LilJon CelebApprentice Raising large sums of money for charities--and they do a great job .
What shall you be , “ be true , and make your grace .	“Leverage: don’t make deals without it . ” – The Art of The Deal
Who 's a for your chamber .	Raising the capital gains tax in this fragile economic time is the dumbest thing Washington could do . So they will probably do it .
Call her her again .	phillykayman The Art of the Deal is a good start .
Let the time to make it great great .	I always enjoy watching young entrepreneurs enter the business world . I can tell who reads my books and who doesn’t . #MidasTouch
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Once again Obama is going to lose on another prospective nomination . Chuck Hagel will not be named Sec . of Defense--& , probably shouldn't be .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Obama wants taxes to go up so he can take credit for lowering them next year .
The True , and thank you .	Nicholas_Lipton March 3rd .
Who was a one that was a times a years ’ s years !	Any deal completed before the fiscal curb must have tangible cuts on expenditures , in baseline spending , so we can get our credit back .
Call it again , again .	The Republicans once again hold all the cards with the debt ceiling . They can get everything they want . Focus !
He was , good good good good .	Limka11 Jess_Wiliem98 Thank you .
My Great !	My gretawire interview re: how the debt ceiling is key point , the fiscal curb & , why we must & , can make a great deal .
He is !	Spolier alert . . . the record setting 13th season of All Star CelebApprentice also features the return of previous winners in the boardroom .
What ’ s a man !	“Donald Trump on Fiscal Cliff and Obama” via Livetradingnews
Who ?	""True courage is being afraid , and going ahead and doing your job anyhow , that's what courage is . "" - Gen . Norman Schwarzkopf ( 1934-2012 )
O , ho !	Sorry to hear of yesterday’s passing of General Norman Schwarzkopf . He was a terrific general and leader--we could use more like him .
Why , the true .	ptlyons Thank you . Wishing you and yours a Happy New Year too .
Why , and good fortune .	mattmaddix Good luck .
Who ’ s a peace and that ’ s death ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a man ’ s peace and be a bed and be .	MikeyAdamsWEEI Thanks--and Happy New Year to you .
Why , a matter .	lin0729 Yes--he is a great guy !
Be bold !	KryssiTooCool18 Thank you .
Must be a Who in her ” In her ” By her ”	MjTis Yes !
Who , her “ Who , and the people ’ s a ” A ” A work of her ”	JesseTMaguire alkapranos Even more--thanks .
What 's !	mayorgas Good .
You thank you , good work .	NYClights420 I hope so !
Call her good , good good good good good .	its_nicca GiulianaRancic MissUniverse She was great !
Who much was a thank you .	“To be successful , you must become very good at finding creative solutions to what appear to be impossible problems . ” – Think BIG
Call it !	Republicans remember—debt ceiling , debt ceiling , debt ceiling—be smart and you will win !
Who ’ s a one of her have seen .	It’s Thursday . How much time did Washington waste today trying to find a solution on the so-called fiscal cliff ?
The matter is an an ass .	. MacMiller’s “Donald Trump” just crossed 73 . 5 million views on YouTube . You’re welcome Mac !
I have but a one of her ?	I told the Republicans the debt ceiling talks should come before election--& , we would have a Republican president—they wouldn’t listen .
The better that , Which doth have his own state , but the state 's fault .	I hate hearing after all of the hard work that MittRomney never wanted to become President .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Back by popular demand , the fabulous LilJon returns to the record setting 13th season of All Star CelebApprentice . The fans love him !
In a more I do so .	When renovations are completed , Trump National Doral will be the finest resort in the USA
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Congratulations to FLGovScott --- the state is really making progress --- and fast !
What 's her , will be a fair and then , and you shall be .	Watching these politicians trying to get a deal done is truly painful --- Republicans are in a much stronger position than they think .
Ay , sir .	Must read WSJ column by Senator Phil Gramm - “The Multiple Distortions of Wind Subsidies”
What ’ s a matter !	“I’m a great believer in asking everyone for an opinion before I make a decision . It’s a natural reflex . ” – The Art of The Deal
Why , a matter .	""Donald Trump: GOP Has ‘Nuclear Weapon’ In Fiscal Cliff Negotiation , But They Don’t Know It"" via mediaite
What ’ s death , and the will not the world ’ s the world !	My Monday foxandfriends interview discussing the fiscal cliff negotiations , making the big deal and who has the cards
What is and good good good good good good good good good , and ’ s part , and a thing , and a thing .	From my family to yours . . . I want to wish you all a very merry Christmas !
In a more , her again .	lin0729 Yes , Regis is the best !
Who ’ s a thank you .	Skyhawk442 Rosie I agree !
The True and you must be .	Earther57 Sounds like the best place !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	ReighnSeed Thanks !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	There is no better place in the world to spend Christmas than Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach , Florida .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	. NBC really happy with how well the #MissUniverse pageant went .
Why , a matter .	MikeCosgrove1 Thanks and good luck .
Be more , be better , and be a good things .	lovechild419 Thanks Lisa
.	“Deals are my art form . I like making deals , preferably big deals . ” – The Art of The Deal
Why , sir , more than a good good good good good .	trondbertil Thank you .
The men Which by her men ’ s her ” And ’ s her ’ s her ”	“Miss Universe Ratings -- 6 . 1 Million Viewers Best Since 2008”
What ’ s the matter for the matter ?	LeahNelBulos Happy Birthday Leah
What no more than the poor men from her men ’ s poor poor ’ s poor and poor men !	susanmahoneyxo Thank you Susan .
Who ’ s there ’ s a more Andrew .	“Donald Trump to Build Trump Towers Complex in Rio de Janeiro” via Hispanically Speaking News
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	How is VanityFair editor Graydon Carter allowed to run bad food restaurant Beatrice Inn ? Fire Graydon !
Let your peace .	Washington is in total gridlock—no trust , no leadership—very interesting !
Why , and say ’ s good news .	Dopey Rosie--I never went bankrupt--ABC already apologized to me for your stupid statement in the past--they didn't want a lawsuit .
What 's a ring !	. Rosie--If America's Got Talent uses you , the show will fail like all your others !
Why , the man ’ s a man ’ s part .	AllEECaTT21 Thanks Allison !
Who ’ s very very very of a very very very very very very of ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s of a very very very very very of a very of a very very very of ’ s .	jaimeennis examinercom Thanks Jaime , Happy Holidays
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	mstang_13 I hope so .
The True and you must be .	PSU_Brush Zigmanfreud Thanks Matt .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Nc777ww He is a loser who will self-destruct , just like Rosie !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	CRLindke True !
Why , that you are .	HyperspaceIT Thanks--HuffingtonPost is a total joke--just like Ariannahuff !
Look to the matter , not the matter .	Joey_MoneyRacks Thanks Joey !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""Work hard , play hard and live to the hilt . "" - Think Like a Billionaire
You thank you .	""I find hope in the darkest of days , and focus in the brightest . "" - Dalai Lama
Come , better , work , ’ s work !	chidrole Hi John
What ’ s would be the people !	Our new MissUniverse Olivia Culpo is not only beautiful but intelligent and accomplished . She is a wonderful role model .
Speak to a bed .	Cement_MIXa49 Kevin--Congrats--you are a winner !
What ’ s men ?	You get what you vote for . US credit rating is about to be downgraded once again
The matter that the matter that the worse for the worse !	toddulu Fun !
O a great time to the show of this should show , and never should change that change !	klisitsin The Art of the Deal .
What ’ s the coming , and March come .	mdslhrst Good move !
The matter of the matter .	candicebazuin BravoAndy GiulianaRancic They were both terrific !
Thanks , a good that thou hast thou the people ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	KrystianDior The Apprentice will be great !
Why , a matter .	When I bought the #MissUniverse pageant 13 years ago , it was on life support . . .
You are a sound like a sound of her !	. . . now it’s the “greatest pageant on earth”-- broadcast in 190 countries to 1 billion people—“hot ! ”
Call it out of her that ’ s company .	Ratings for #MissUniverse pageant were highest in 4 years . NBC likes me ( and I like them ! )
O , ho !	China is robbing us blind in trade deficits and stealing our jobs , yet our leaders are claiming 'progress' SAD !
What is and good good good good good good .	pokerswayne VanityFair Very wrong dopey !
What ’ s a man !	jbresson Thanks Justin .
What ’ s thou art thou ?	RonCharles VanityFair KBAndersen Which magazine went bust under Carter and as I predicted !
Come , sir !	Congratulations to all the Trump 2012 #MissUniverse contestants who came from across the world . You did great and made us all proud !
Why , a matter .	ellavdw You have to love what you do--you need passion to succeed .
What is and good good good good good good .	JNorr11 Good reason for a celebration .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s ’ s ”	""The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life . . .
A knows that in the state will be some cause of they do believe .	. . . So if you want to aim high , you have to have the guts to handle the inevitable bumps in the road . "" - Think BIG
The matter and a men ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s .	MandiDeren I will !
God God ’ s a good thanks .	rebamoreland VanityFair Great move !
She was great a great a great a great She was a great her !	GrantRebhun Hard work but fun .
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	MoruaGabriel Thanks !
Ay , sir .	Via AP: ""Miss USA Olivia Culpo is crowned Miss Universe"" Ratings increase 15% over last year .
Why , then you do follow me !	Watch MissUSA Olivia Culpo crowned as MissUniverse 2012 in the Trump #MissUniverse Pageant
Who was a “ Who was a ”	OXSapphireXO VanityFair No , that dope Graydon Carter has hit on me for 25 years . His magazines always fail ( see SPY )
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	random5 You can and you will--work hard .
Call it , and better , and very true .	KevinKuhn5 VanityFair Thanks Kevin , I tell the truth .
They were a wonder , good thanks !	DanForsley VanityFair Wrong--Graydon Carter has no talent and looks like shit ! Also , his food sucks !
What ’ s a matter !	GreenerAG I agree on both counts !
Why , a matter .	jimrobbins1973 VanityFair I don't . Graydon Carter sends it to me free !
Why , a matter .	Be sure to watch #MissUniverse tonight at 8PM on nbc with its first simulcast on Telemundo !
Call her up .	The #MissUniverse women totally blow away the Victoria’s Secret women !
No , a more but a man !	Dummy Graydon Carter doesn't like me too much . . . great news . He is a real loser ! VanityFair
What ’ s a man !	mattwiemeri Thanks !
Was ’ s a man .	If Sheena Monnin apologized for her mistake , as she should have , I would have treated her very nicely .
Why , I too many of one .	Sheena Monnin acted terribly . . . she got what she deserved !
A more sure , and be so .	JNorr11 March 3rd .
These words from my words and be true in the love . ”	Tweet me tonight who your favorite is during the live telecast of the Miss Universe Pageant .
These words from my words shall be all of her . ” What ’ s ’ s her .	Back by popular demand , GiulianaRancic and BravoAndy are co-hosting tonight's #MissUniverse pageant . They are great !
What 's and ay .	This is a buyers’ market . Buy now . You will thank me in 3 years .
Call it up the will have told you of her ’ s bed !	The #MissUniverse Pageant is the biggest pageant of them all—by far !
Who is the very merry , very merry !	Pageant people are really talking about Venezuela , Brazil , Mexico , USA , India , Australia .
I am a weak and her than a thoughts of the state .	Okay , I think I’m going to do it—I’ll open the Miss Universe Pageant as Santa tonight at 8 pm on NBC
Ay , sir .	. VanityFair looks like a dying magazine ! Really really boring , really really thin !
What ’ s people , that you are a man .	Worst ever issue of VanityFair magazine—bad food Graydon Carter should be fired !
What ’ s a foul and that she is now .	agreatguy Great idea re minute of silence tonight--thank you .
Now the matter are “ Who , “ Call it , When we will go ?	I hope Newtown CT can now start to heal—but it won’t be easy !
The people will we have her men and work , Who yet ’ s men ’ s work !	. MissUSA Olivia Culpo has been a star , a young Audrey Hepburn .
Call the March , Who ’ s her men ’ s bed on the sun ’ s sun , her men ’ s bed , Who ’ s bed	Miss Universe contestants are amazing—the most beautiful ever !
What news !	They asked me to dress as Santa Claus to open Miss Universe tonight—I’m thinking about it !
What is not good good and !	In Las Vegas for the Miss Universe Pageant—airing tonight on nbc at 8 o’clock .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	“Courage is contagious . When a brave man takes a stand , the spines of others are often stiffened . ” – Rev . BillyGraham
Why , it is .	playagaindesign Starts March 3
Why , this be honor !	“I also protect myself by being flexible . I never get too attached to one deal or one approach . ” – The Art of The Deal
You thank you very much .	jtracy08 Thanks Joe .
And ’ s my lord .	Via examinercom: ""The Miss Universe contestants glow with elegance during the Trump Holiday Party""
What is and true !	jean_penny Hi Jean
Oh , my lord .	Many people advised me not to buy the Miss Universe pageant . They were all wrong . The deal worked out to be a great one !
Who ’ s the second mother ’ s love her mother ’ s love ’ s her mother ’ s the second mother ’ s thought of her call her ” to her mother ’ s thought of her mother ’ s mother ’ s mother ’ s mother ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love her ” to her mother ’ s love ’	The tragedy in Newtown really makes you understand how life is so fragile . Must appreciate every minute !
.	In light of Newtown , our country has to pull together .
You thank you .	“Donald Trump’s Miss USA Pageant Scores $5 Million Legal Victory Following Rigged Claims” via eonline
The more is the run but the matter .	Video game violence & , glorification must be stopped—it is creating monsters !
What 's !	I find the photos of these children killed in Newtown in the New York Post heartbreaking . #Angels
But , to the new in his means where ’ s means .	President Obama spoke for me and every American in his remarks in #Newtown Connecticut .
A good good good good good good good good .	In moments like this , we are all just Americans . I join with the President , religious and civic leaders and encourage all to pray today .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	A horrible day for Newtown , CT and our country yesterday . My condolences to all of the families so tragically affected .
In your thoughts , kind of love , I love .	Windmills are destroying every country they touch--- and the energy is unreliable and terrible .
Why , a time .	mstacey9 I never went bankrupt .
Why , fortune ’ s fortune !	C_waitforit_J UberFacts I never went bankrupt .
What should they are !	Lydia_xoxo UberFacts I never went bankrupt .
Call her to the service .	dylawn420 UberFacts Dopey , I never filed for bankruptcy .
What ’ s a man !	derekwilkinson daniellecfriel Thanks Derek- and true !
Why , my York , my York ’ s ’ s ’ s old man ’ s part .	hailey_hustlerr Thanks Hailey- you sound great !
As my lord , ’ s the sun hath the sun .	Thousands of fans have been sending letters to Trump Tower in anticipation of CelebApprentice . Really good show .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	“All the things I love is what my business is all about . ” - MarthaStewart
Who ’ s the men ’ s bed on ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s sun ’ s bed	Watching Pyongyang terrorize Asia today is just amazing !
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a bed and her men ’ s bed !	A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have . -- Abraham Lincoln
Who to her name ’ s more “ Call her ”	We can’t even stop the Norks from blasting a missile . China is laughing at us . It is really sad .
The place of your part in the place , and stand , ” I ’ s mother ’ s mother ’ s mother ’ s name of her ”	“There is no worse feeling than being trapped in a job you do not enjoy . You have to love what you do . ” - Think Big
The world of the worst that I have seen before a kind of a kind of a kind of such kind of one of one .	Egypt is a total mess . We should have backed Mubarak instead of dropping him like a dog .
The more than you ’ s hair than a hair , and be a age .	The gorgeous contestants of Trump Miss Universe are so excited to be simulcast on both nbc and Telemundo . Will be a beautiful show !
Look to the matter a thousand a thousand ass , I was a a a ass !	I have helped many friends and colleagues in their business ventures . They always thank me after they succeed . #MIDASTOUCH
Call her her “ Call her again , ”	You get what you vote for . 21% of small business owners planning to cut their workforce in 2013
Why , I do so .	Abspara pennjillette CelebApprentice March 3rd . Tune in !
Not a little man .	BrettNPU32 Happy Birthday
.	The amazing Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles .
The money , I will not the money ?	No money wasted like bad ads—the Republicans spent more & , got nothing for it .
Ay , I will give my reason .	Can you believe the Republicans are studying the Democrats on how to win an election ?
Why , and good fortune .	I let pennjillette come back on the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice after he relentlessly begged me to--good t . v .
Not a man !	""Argyll grandmother takes UK and EU to the United Nations over plans to turn Scotland into windfarm 'hedgehog' ""
What ’ s two ” to her ”	For those of you in trouble— ( in these troubled times ) —never , ever give up !
Good and name and work in work !	RandyTotty tjtotty Happy Anniversary Teresa
Why , ’ s a man ’ s bed .	Re Real Estate: You don’t necessarily need the best location . What you need is the best deal . . .
The men I have a men ’ ll be in this man .	. . . you can enhance location through promotion and work .
Call a one .	Re Life: Life is very fragile and success doesn’t change that . If anything , success makes it more fragile .
Good my lord !	“The biggest doers often suffer the biggest setbacks in life . So if you want to aim high , you have be able to handle the bumps . ”–Think Big
And that ’ s a ”	Great – we are sending even more F-16’s to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt This is a total disaster .
.	The Republicans must use the debt ceiling as leverage to make a great deal !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	It’s Tuesday . How many more customers has Glenfiddich lost today ?
The time of his praise him , — And that I am the money in love .	Trump Miss Universe , simulcast on nbc and Telemundo on December 19th , will once again deliver an entertaining and ‘beautiful’ show !
What ’ s the lord !	“Fans like winners . They come to watch stars – great , exciting players who do great exciting things . ” - The Art of The Deal
I ’ s a man !	He’s back and causing more trouble than ever before ! THEGaryBusey returns in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice .
Not a good good man !	""Mogul Donald Trump has many powerful friends . And it turns out one of them is Anna Wintour . ” via FoxNews
Why , a matter .	""Donald Trump: Anna Wintour Ambassadorship Would Be ‘A Favor To The Country’"" via mediaite
Call her lord .	""TRUMP: GOP MUST DUMP 'USELESS' ROVE TO WIN PRESIDENTIAL ELECTIONS"" by mboyle1 BreitbartNews
What indeed !	Negotiation tip #2: I always go into the deal anticipating the worst . . .
Why , you thank you !	. . . If you plan for the worst—if you can live with the worst—the good will always take care of itself .
But that ’ s a more than a good good thanks !	Negotiation tip #1: The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it .
I ’ ll be so !	China is buying so many of our companies-- it’s really getting bad .
Good fortune !	. GolfMonthly re: my Scottish course “Quite simply , this is not the best new links course in the UK , it is the best links course , full stop""
Why , a matter .	NathalieS_29 Thank you
The word is a word of the word of the world .	hopewellcody Thanks Cody
Who is the one of her crown to the full of the other of the run of the other of the other men ’ s bear ’ s crown .	LeviThompson93 Happy Birthday Levi--Work hard !
I know the why the man ’ s have a thing out .	The UK is seriously thinking about halting wind turbine subsidies . Good news , killing country .
Who was a great and ’ s great was and great great was and great was and ’ s great was a great and ’ s great and a great a great and a great and ’ s great .	Some dope tweeted my message to my friend Bill Belichick incorrectly--they called him Bob . Sorry Bill ! Patriots
The great the great him .	""Being true to yourself equals being true to your brand . That's the solid foundation that stands the test of time . "" Midas Touch
I love that I do think !	""If you love your work , the difficulties will be balanced out by the enjoyment . "" Think Big
What ’ s love ’ s love , and we are so !	Good luck to Bob Kraft , Tom Brady , and Coach Bill Belichick tonight .
O , ho !	""I believe in spending what you have to . But I also believe in not spending more than you should . ""-The Art of The Deal
Why , a one that I do desire .	If the Republicans ever want to win a presidential election in the next 30 years they must get rid of KarlRove . He is useless .
What is the reason hath so much to her of her .	I still don't get how KarlRove spent $400 million & , lost all .
What ’ s fire ’ s her men ’ s her .	The Ground Zero Mosque should not go up where planned . It is wrong . My offer still stands to buy the property . Good deal for everyone .
A foul men ’ s men ’ s times at the earth !	The lunatics in Congress banned the word ‘lunatic’ from Congress last week Busy doing the peoples’ work !
.	“You can’t con people , at least not for long . If you don’t deliver the goods , people will eventually catch on . ” - The Art of The Deal
Why , and what little wrong of them .	Great win by the nyjets yesterday . If they run the table , they will make the playoffs .
The time will be gone for it say I say , I ’ ll say .	Great knockout on Saturday by Juan Manuel Marquez on Manny Pacquiao . A great fight !
What should not be of her that is but one that is but that should do that do that should do that be so .	The government is borrowing 46 cents on every dollar it spends Dangerous for us but great news for China .
Who said the world was the house of all the general was of her !	The Chinese are smart . They bought up over $7B in US housing last year USA is busy making China even richer .
Why , a matter .	China is about to acquire a unit of AIG , which we bailed out , for $5 . 5B China is making great deals on our backs .
What ’ s see ’ s a more !	I just bought stock in Tiffany & , Company and McDonald's . Two ends of the spectrum but I like both companies .
What ’ s a man !	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar—you are the worst kind of loser—a total fool .
O , ho !	. Lord_Sugar If you didn’t say the iPod would be gone in a year , you might have been really rich instead of the peanut money you have .
Who is a one of her that should be better , and a better more than a better ’ s wit !	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar You should thank me for having created the platform on which you became known--The Apprentice . Say Thank you Donald
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	Dopey Sugar—Lord_Sugar Isn’t it sad that my golf course in Scotland just got “best new course in the world”—it’s worth more than you are !
What , that which was it .	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar Bad ratings--come on , keep making me money--remember , I own your show .
What ’ s a good ?	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar I hear your ratings last week were at an all time low--you better get them up or you'll be fired .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar I never go silent . I was buying a major property in Florida--a property worth more than you are !
Who hath a work .	Sorry for such silence—spent weekend at closing of Ritz Carlton in Jupiter , Florida—just bought it , will be great !
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	People ask me what I do in my free time . The answer--I don't have any .
Why , and best ’ s great that ’ s great great that ’ s great great his best .	This is such a special time to be in New York City . No better city in the world to celebrate Christmas !
Not that by the matter but that ’ s man !	Many people still out of power in Staten Island . Absolutely ridiculous . Why can't they get service ?
A more ’ s a thing it .	This year's Trump Miss Universe Pageant is comprised of truly beautiful women . Will be simulcast live December 19th on nbc and Univision .
What ’ s the lord !	Today's job report is not a good sign & , we could be facing another recession . No real job growth . We need over 300K new jobs a month .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""Quote of the Day: Donald Trump Decrees Boycott on Glenfiddich Scotch"" via Zagat
I love all .	Back by popular demand , TV personality TheRealMarilu returns in the record 13th season of 'All Star' CelebApprentice . Marilu does great !
Why , a one .	Via digitalspyus: ""Donald Trump to Lord Sugar: 'Drop to your knees and thank me'""
The matter to be a new way to win the new way .	I just retained Sir Nick Faldo to be the architect of the Red Course at Doral--he will do a tremendous job ! NickFaldo006
Give me a good fortune and fortune !	To Tom Brady patriots and Gisele--Best wishes on the birth of your daughter . Tom is a great player and great friend .
Who calls for her “ “ “ call ’ s ”	Dopey Lord_Sugar I'm worth $8 billion and you're worth peanuts . . . without my show nobody would even know who you are .
Why , a more , I will .	Dopey Lord_Sugar People are calling in saying you are being beaten badly w/ the tweets . . .
What ’ s not you !	. . . Lord_Sugar You need the income from the show to keep going--hope it doesn't hurt .
Why , the matter .	“There are 2 things I’ve found I’m very good at: overcoming obstacles and motivating good people to do their best work . ”–The Art of The Deal
But ’ s not ’ s fortune ’ s fortune ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s not ’ s fortune ’ s eyes .	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar The wind turbines are ruining the beauty & , majesty of Scotland . . .
Who , send the money to her that the money .	. Lord_Sugar . . . . but you wouldn’t notice because you have no vision and you are a total loser .
A place a great place .	. Lord_Sugar - nice call on predicting that the iPOD would be ""dead , finished , gone , kaput"" Great business foresight .
The should do the grace and a play again .	Dopey Sugar . Lord_Sugar . . . Your net worth doesn't even qualify you to host the Apprentice . Keep making me money .
Here I am with a chamber at a Moor .	Dopey Sugar Lord_Sugar--I'm worth more than $8 billion , acknowledged , almost no debt . . .
Call her her again .	Sugar Lord_Sugar Why don't you tell the public what you're really worth--they would be very disappointed .
Who with a ho with her ” ’ s grave and his grave .	Sugar Lord_Sugar Unlike yours , my financials are phenomenal . People don't know your real numbers & , would not be impressed .
The state is our down the wind of men than the air is the wind .	RealPro4Real Thank you .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	martinwatt382 True !
What ’ s a man !	""A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him . "" --Douglas MacArthur
Why , I thank you .	piersmorgan Lord_Sugar No , his ignorance !
Call her her again !	Sugar Lord_Sugar—you should say thank you , Donald , like a good little boy . . . . . .
The office for you ’ s love you , not ’ s office . ” And you have a other cause of her chamber .	. . . instead of biting the hand that feeds you ! Don’t bother , just keep making me money !
The eyes as it is not , as it was as you would be as it . ” to be as you have a man .	Lord_Sugar piersmorgan Sugar , if you taught Piers Morgan he never would have won !
I ’ s old and I have but the women in the matter .	We are way over the fiscal cliff . And with Obama Care being fully implemented in less than 14 months , it may be too late .
What should her that should be a sin .	Alex Rodriguez has played under 140 games in each of the last five seasons . He will miss half of next season . Really bad deal for yankees .
What little are truly that I doubt of Rome and gave you all so far from the place , and so much of Caesar ’ s love !	Dopey Lord_Sugar—Look in the mirror and thank the real Lord that Donald Trump exists . You are nothing !
The men are so in the people with us , But to us good good good good good .	piersmorgan Lord_Sugar I easily could but as long as Sugar is making me money ( it's my show ) I won't--unlike Sugar , I'm not stupid !
The sun cold sun is the world ’ s men ’ s the sun .	When I made the Apprentice the #1 show in the US , that was a good day for you . . .
The matter is the people ’ s people in their people ’ s great men ’ s lost .	. . . and many others . Drop to your knees , Sugar , and say thank you , Mr . Trump .
Well , my lord , Who in his years ’ s years , and the fellow of a fellow .	Sugar: Lord_Sugar--Keep working hard so I make plenty of $ with your show . . .
O , ho !	. . . You have little persona , but The Apprentice concept is great and lucky for you !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Sugar: Lord_Sugar—unlike you , I own The Apprentice . You were never successful enough . . .
O , ho !	Jimmy Fallon show will be great tonight - I'm on !
O , ho !	. . . . to do The Apprentice but I approved you anyway . Without my show you’d be nothing !
Not a man !	. Lord_Sugar If you think ugly windmills are good for Scotland you are an even worse businessman than I thought . . .
.	. . . and , in my opinion , should not be doing The Apprentice .
The old and my old since and my love their service .	johnboehner 25 days to go until fiscal cliff ( bad name ) —it is only a fiscal curb ! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff . . will be interesting !
Why , the her that she ’ s a ” as she in the people ’ s one !	Scootray88 Dopey , same people voting over & , over again ? Andy Murray #1 by far .
The of the friend of your thoughts is your thoughts . ” The same .	You’re all wrong—check the facts ! UK is massively subsidizing Scotland’s wind turbines & , the people don’t want them .
Call her her ” .	How can George Osborne reduce UK debt while spending billions to subsidize Scotland’s garbage wind turbines that are destroying the country ?
Call it !	When I renovated Wollman Rink in Central Park , it came in $750 , 000 under budget . .
God God ’ s .	. . . and opened a full month ahead of schedule . Case is taught in Wharton .
What find the fault , ’ s a monster , and find it out of her , and find a more of her .	sinnerofa10shun Work hard and love what you do !
Why , says that every man !	achieverdan Thanks and yes !
Ay , sir .	RingSherry EricTrump IvankaTrump Thank you .
And many many other one doth put on this .	madmartinez EricTrump IvankaTrump Thanks Darlene .
But I doubt it !	RealRobHarrand Thanks Rob !
But that ’ s true !	All the contestants have arrived to compete in Trump Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas . Today’s welcoming ceremony will be terrific !
My pleasure .	My support of Anna Wintour for Ambassador got a lot of coverage . She is smart and will be a strong advocate for the US .
Who was but a time ’ s a very time .	Via USATODAY: “Trump endorses Wintour for ambassadorship”
He he !	Karzai of Afghanistan is not sticking with our signed agreement . They are dropping us like dopes . Get out now and re-build USA !
Why , a honor .	MacFarb Wow--very nice !
Ay , sir .	OrangeTrump apoliticalbear ForQ2 danabrams Don't be so sure !
What ’ s my lord !	bongsi21 BillGates itsmeMVP Work hard !
The better be better .	kleckhardt Kris , great place , enjoy !
What 's a matter !	colonopenbrakit He is a loser--Andy Murray is a winner !
Call it and best will .	carloguderian I built perhaps the greatest golf course in the world--lots of tourism--you shouldn't !
Why , a man ’ s more than the more than the man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s a man ’ s bed !	Is PM Cameron a dummy ? With monumental cuts in UK spending , how come he continues to spend billions of pounds . . .
Give her his fortune ’ s work in his second .	. . . . on ruining Scotland’s beauty with ugly & , costly wind turbines ?
.	Scots should boycott Glenfiddich garbage for not choosing great Olympic & , USA Open champ Andy Murray over total loser Michael Forbes .
What ’ s a better than to do that ’ s better .	mchandlerjones I will !
Come , a man .	LaraLeaYunaska EricTrump And you looked great last night Lara .
Good my lord !	Twisted Sister frontman deesnider shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice . The Iron Man of Rock and Roll is great !
He was and good good good .	Republicans have the cards because of the debt ceiling—but it doesn’t seem that way !
Why , that thou art true !	25 days to go until fiscal cliff ( bad name ) —it is only a fiscal curb ! Debt ceiling is real fiscal cliff . . . and that will be interesting !
Who will have his great save his great soldier .	OfficialBQGirls MissUSA2005 thaLilBit Your performance was great last night--BQ will win .
Why , they call me but a little thing ?	JohnG500 EricTrump IvankaTrump DonaldJTrumpJr The greatest compliment of all--thanks !
For my mother was born in this mother ’ s our mother ’ s will be by the mother .	rodgilbert7 EricTrump IvankaTrump Thanks Rod--you're a great player and guy .
He had a very bad counsel .	danabrams True--but keep up the good work !
He he !	. johnboehner—if you can’t make a great deal go over the cliff & , negotiate new deal along with debt ceiling in February ! —Trump 101 .
A great a great time at a place !	Speaker johnboehner seems to have gained strength in house—a good thing !
Who did not not not her ?	Dave Brubeck was great and will be missed !
God God ’ s a man ’ s part .	“I like thinking big . To me it’s very simple: if you’re going to be thinking anyway , you might as well think big . ” – The Art of The Deal
The wonder now , being paid to be a wonder , A subject of England .	vincedelisi Thanks !
Who ’ s a true and I love !	HoppMar So do most smart people !
Oh , ’ t ’ s a change .	PhillipMoodie Thank you .
Why , the matter .	KarlLewis01 Soon--thanks .
What ’ s a man !	apoliticalbear danabrams True--thanks .
Ay , I am a wind from her eyes !	riggs_deb Thank you .
Now every man ’ s her that I will stay .	“Christmas waves a magic wand over this world , and behold , everything is softer and more beautiful . ” -- Norman Vincent Peale
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	KarlRove is such an embarrassment that FoxNews is keeping him off air Rove should be out of politics . A total loser !
Who 's and delight .	“I don’t see the point of being politically correct if that means actually being incorrect . ” – Donald J . Trump 'Midas Touch'
Who have a horse that had been work and her work . ” And ”	rodsandguitars nbc Thanks
Call you her her that have a soldier .	tommo1903 Thank you .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Kevinsherwin Thank you
Who 's great food !	. danabrams Dan , of course stories on me do well . Glad you have found a medium you can actual do well on . TV was not your forte .
The himself , and never will be more than your heart .	The record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice features the return of the beautiful BrandenRoderick . The fans love her !
O , ho !	I am happy to hear that Pres . Obama is considering giving Anna Wintour voguemagazine an ambassadorship . She is a winner & , really smart !
Why , a matter .	Via scotsmandotcom: “Awards for Trump’s golf course”
My Great !	wtfagain Beardymilne You would not even believe how dirty & , disgusting his property is--clean it with joke Glenfiddich .
Call it .	Beardymilne wtfagain I know you are jealous of Forbes & , a total loser .
What ’ s true !	achieverdan Thanks
Why , a matter .	damonpostal Thanks
I think it not we have left the reason .	. GeorgeTakei is doing really well & , soon coming to Broadway .
Who ’ s March ’ s a sister at her ”	SpearsTim Can't pick a favorite--thanks .
The matter will be once again .	We are getting rid of all Glenfiddich garbage alcohol from Trump properties .
Be sure to my lord , be in my place , and be a place for a place is a place of her	Tell ‘Top Scot’ Michael Forbes to clean up his property—it is an embarrassment to Scotland .
The York should be made her never so much of their home .	Glenfiddich is a joke—should have chosen Andy Murray—USA Open & , Olympic gold winner—as Top Scot instead of a total loser !
.	Beardymilne wtfagain David--I hear you are jealous & , angry that Forbes got the award over you--two losers !
The yourself on your wit to find it without more than the matter , And that ’ s better than the matter and find of her eyes and find him to her wit and never should be made .	kleckhardt Yes--it is great !
Good my lord to her again .	swingtraining Thanks Jeff .
Take this great her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' people ’ s great work of the great men ’ s great work of her ”	Danusia234 SaintsFootyNews Happy Birthday Andrew
What shall be well .	Arnoldmuks Thanks .
Why , and good fortune .	If you are planning to visit the world famous Trump Tower Atrium , be sure to come early . During the holiday season it is packed by 10AM
.	The addition of the iconic Doral Resort to the Trump portfolio is one of the most exciting transactions
Make you sure you are sure of love you .	The stock of my shirt and tie maker just hit an all-time high--great going--great product !
.	A-Rod Yankees had hip surgery & , will be out 6 months . Do you notice all the “druggies” have bad hips .
Who ’ s a more ’ s more ’ s the first	The Yankees should break A-Rod's contract immediately—he misrepresented .
O , how true ,	. danabrams , editor of mediaite , explained on radio this morning that I am so widely covered because I draw high interest . True !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	arsenioOFFICIAL will do great in his new talk show on CBS . He’s really got what it takes !
What 's a matter !	Redskins QB RGIII is a very special player . He is exciting to watch and smart on the field . Amazing talent .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	How could Michael Forbes get Scot of the Year when he lost—badly—to me & , Andy Murray , a true Scot , who won the USA Open & , Olympic gold ?
But the of the of her that .	Congratulations to David Wright on signing a long term extension with the Mets . David is an exceptional player and person .
What a fellow ?	Fan favorite LilJon once again shines in the record 13th season of 'All Star' CelebApprentice . He is an amazing & , wonderful guy !
What a thing that thou hast a thing and fire ?	ld06981p Larry , thank you and keep up the great work !
O , ho !	Wendydyer2 Thanks Wendy .
Here I am with a one of her .	Alkiwaves Thanks , it will be great .
What ’ s good good of a country !	ItsColinFowler Thanks .
Why , a child .	BubbasLmky But hard work !
The more within the matter !	Great defense by the nyjets this weekend—congratulations to woodyjohnson4—only 6 points allowed !
Why , so !	Just won the highest rated sanitary award in NY—an A--& , the food is great also . Trump Grill/ 57th & , 5th .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Just completed purchase of magnificent Ritz Carlton in Jupiter , Florida . Will be renamed Trump National Golf Club & , be tremendous success .
The more your visit you .	Jorkellett . Interesting and thanks .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	The networks are all driving me crazy to do television shows—“a ratings machine”—but because of Apprentice have been loyal to NBC .
You do , and do you , and good good good good .	The Democrats have zero intention of coming to any deal on the ""fiscal cliff . "" They will raise taxes and blame it on the Republicans .
Call it a good good good good good good .	lfoshie piersmorgan Logan: You are wrong on this--piersmorgan is a tough & , talented guy--& , very loyal--a rarity in life .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Michael Forbes is a loser who failed to stop what was just named “the golf course of the year” and which has brought . . .
What ’ s a good than the thing that ’ s soldier .	Michael Forbes lives in a pigsty and bad liquor company Glenfiddich gave him Scot of the Year award . . .
You must not that ’ ll never make him something in the delight .	Comic sethmeyers21 bombed at University of Texas at Arlington—crowd was dismal as was his performance—I told you so !
I ’ ll go away !	parisitony True !
Not to the matter like it !	I take great pride watching skaters enjoy the #TRUMP Rink in Central Park from my office--world's best skating rink
Who ’ s a ”	osaFoLmiK Happy Birthday and best wishes .
Who ’ s but for our country !	. StephenBaldwin7 shines in the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice . The Baldwin clan will be proud of Stephen .
What 's and delight !	“Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference . ” -- Winston Churchill
The matter ’ s the March ’ s people at her ”	The Daily Snooze publishes lies about me . They should be ashamed but it will die very soon .
Why , a say , well , ’ tis well !	Obama is laughing at Karl Rove & , all the losers who spent hundreds of millions of dollars and didn’t win one race , including the big one !
Why , a more ’ s a while ?	Karl Rove is now making excuses for his total wasting of $400M—not one win— ( the Republicans better get smart next time ) . . .
The matter , the bond of the great bond !	. . . Time for the Republicans to find someone new—and better .
What think ’ s a vice , and tell me , and the vice .	Gold just set another record high on price with the largest physical gold sales on record Inflation is coming . . .
The little to the little in your wit , and such a thing .	Obama is totally “tweaking” the Republicans because he doesn’t respect them—they’ve got to change their ways .
What ’ s that ’ s the sun with such great great great great great great great him for his wit and be lost him for his great men have lost his men of his wit for his people in his wit for his work with us for him for the great great great great great great great great whom Who hath lost for his wit for his great great great whom Who ’ s crown , Who ’ s crown , Who ’ s crown , Who ’ s crown , Who ’ s crown , Who ’ s	I am very proud of IvankaTrump for her work with Cookies4kids . Cookies4kids is a great cause helping children
I would be the best of his fortune in his fortune .	It’s about time for all Americans ( Republicans & , Democrats ) to force our elected officials to start acting fiscally responsible !
What ’ s a come , and now to the great great again !	“Trump Brand Expands To South America: The Donald Lends His Name To Luxury Tower In Uruguay” via Forbes
Call up the time , Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter , ’ s the matter , ’ s bed , ’ s a ”	. nbcnightlynews ( Brian Williams , anyone ? ) says women warriors are ""every bit as tough as the guys . "" Just think about that statement !
Ay , and so .	Was with jacknicklaus yesterday--great golfer , great architect , great guy !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	I'll be honored at the Family Business Dynasties Gala in NYC on December 5th . It will be a great event for a great cause .
The day , every day and never will be made the long as the long Think , and that , and every day and all the day And stay .	As I said on foxandfriends this a . m . , you have to give Obama credit—he won ! . . .
Why , her come on her ”	. . . The Republicans just didn’t resonate with the people—but they will have better days .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Thank you to IvankaTrump for her wonderful acknowledgement this morning on foxandfriends . . .
Not my my lord !	. . . The NY Daily Snooze totally lied and never even called my kids !
Who ’ s a thank you .	Now that it’s almost over , I can’t believe that unions & , management couldn’t save Twinkies etc--& , management just got a $1 . 75M bonus .
.	I’m surprised that Gabriel Aubry has settled so quickly and easily with Halle—in the long run it was a wise decision .
Ay , sir .	therealhillyard Trump National Golf Club Los Angeles--it fronts the Pacific Ocean and is spectacular .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	AmishFlyers66 Try Trump Grill in Trump Tower . Excellent food , good prices . Enjoy your visit .
Why , they are it .	In calling my tweets ‘obnoxious , ’ AOL says “I sure know how to keep them wanting more . ” They are welcome . I just tell it like it is .
O , a man !	France is losing its businesses and wealth rapidly and day by day .
Why , a matter .	JMinello Very nice , thanks .
What ’ s a man or her !	NYPD Officer Larry DePrimo has made the entire city proud with a his generous act of kindness NYC loves the NYPD .
Why , a matter .	skompa TrumpChicago TrumpNewYork TrumpLasVegas TravlandLeisure Thanks !
She ’ s but I think her .	TarikaN_11 Motivation is key , so is momentum .
Who ’ s great a great was a great was ’ s great was a great was ’ s great was a great great was a great great great a great a great great soldier .	Congratulations to FoxNews for winning November in the cable news rating race with 9 of 10 top shows
.	Team Trump with the recipients of our donations in the Rockaways . #Sandy
The men had their hath ta 'en in them in the way .	Golf Odyssey , one of golf's most respected publications , just named Trump International Golf Links Scotland ""golf course of the year""
What , is a man ’ s great a great men of a very foolish men .	Always enjoy appearing on extratv . MarioLopezExtra & , mariamenounos were terrific yesterday .
The great was great for her men and that ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great a great men ’ s great men for his bed and his men ’ s great men ’ s great men for him for him !	A clip from guest hosting extratv yesterday on nbc discussing Halle , Angus and Gen . Petraeus
Who did he himself , great night .	Back by popular demand , the record 13th season of ‘All Star’ CelebApprentice features the return of bretmichaels . Our fans will be happy .
Call her a ho !	“He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot , will be victorious . ” -- Sun Tzu
Why , a more by another lord , sir , to say , ’ s ’ s more than by his lord , to say by another .	While Derek Jeter is training every day in the off season , reports come out that A-Rod is partying all over the country . Go Derek . Yankees
.	. BBCNews’ child molestation sex scandal is the latest in continued downward spiral of BBC . I know personally they do not check for accuracy
.	As a favor to my friends at EXTRA , I am co-hosting tonight at 7 p . m . on nbc
.	Crude is about to pass $90/barrel . The OPEC monopoly must be broken . They are robbing our country blind .
.	It’s Thursday . How much did OPEC steal from all of us today ?
Who was a man in a work in the our kingdom to the our men ’ s work .	Steven Spielberg is a great filmmaker . Go see ""Lincoln . ""
Can it be the new age that a daughter fell in love a love , or met a man ’ s eyes or two ?	atrlimo EricTrump Agreed .
.	mjb7 Thanks !
Faith , sir , and her men ’ s lost the people .	The Trump Tower restaurant , Trump Grill , just received the highest sanitary inspection grade possible , “A” – the food is also great !
The first ever her men ’ s times the March !	The Countryside Party just formed in Scotland to fight ugly wind turbines & , AlexSalmond . Congrats to Jim Crawford & , Countryside Party .
Who was given a very ill , very bad put on bad .	Scottish government having huge backlash on wind turbines . AlexSalmond is becoming very unpopular .
The one is ’ s the years of the years ’ s years .	""A look at the Trump hotel planned for the Old Post Office pavilion"" via washingtonpost
You thank you .	FM AlexSalmond of Scotland spent more than $750 , 000 of taxpayers $ to visit Ryder Cup in Chicago--peanuts compared to his windmill folly .
You thank you .	Great that Pres . O is seeing MittRomney today—lots of good things can happen .
A grace to a man .	Jerry Finkelstein passed away last night--a great New York mover & , shaker & , a really great guy !
He he !	AmauryD3 Thanks !
You thank you .	JosephbyNature Good luck Joe !
You thank you .	My son , EricTrump , is in Memphis at St . Jude Children’s Research Hospital . . .
No more ’ s no more ’ s man ’ s no more ' ll be no more than the man ’ s man ’ s no more than a man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s mind .	. . . where he raised 2 million dollars for the wonderful kids . Eric has a great heart !
What I thank you , ’ s a very man !	Networks are all wanting me to do shows—like it or not a “ratings machine” ! –but time , I run a really big company !
Is that any man of this place , when he hath done in a dog , like a dog !	""It’s often necessary to boast , but it’s even better if others do it for you . ” – Think Like A Billionaire
The more ’ s not .	""One of the keys to thinking big is total focus . ” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
He did been on them !	I always enjoy speaking to young aspiring entrepreneurs . They are hungry , motivated and eager to learn . Proves America can still be great .
The March ’ s the March .	Visiting LA ? Be sure to make a reservation at Trump National Golf Club The #1 public course in the country !
Who 's and delight .	""You can’t know it all yourself--anyone who thinks that they do is destined for mediocrity . ” -- The Way To The Top
The March ’ s the March .	“The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said . ” -- Peter Drucker
Why , and Christian good fortune .	7 of 10 Americans prefer 'Merry Christmas' over 'Happy Holidays' No surprise .
Who was but but a lie but a lie , but a lie too long !	Pervert alert–serial sexter RepWeiner is making another step towards a comeback All girls under 18 should block him .
The her that her of her that ducats .	Gabriel Aubry should learn how to fight—he became a punching bag . Always drama with Halle B !
.	Susan Rice is a good woman but Pres . O should not taunt the Republicans by appointing her S of S . . .
The men ’ s her that ’ s men think ’ s her work .	. . . Get along & , make deals for the good of the country !
.	Be sure to visit the world renowned Trump Tower Atrium to see our holiday decorations .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Why do the Republicans always negotiate against themselves in public ? Watching them operate these fiscal negotiations is painful .
The work is my love is but by my success .	Treasury has refused to name China a currency manipulator even though the yuan “remains significantly undervalued”
O , a man !	I still can’t get over how the Republicans—my friends—spent hundreds of millions of dollars on such terrible & , ineffective ads .
Why , this storm hath a storm .	I just left the Doral in Miami--it is going to be amazing !
What ’ s the man ’ s life is he ’ s life now !	Anthony Hopkins is a truly great actor--I love everything he does !
From her that is the Moor is but with her . ” I told you .	“Face reality as it is , not as it was or as you wish it to be . ” -- jack_welch
Never ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more against the more against her	""You can benefit from others’ wisdom . Not just their mistakes but the good decisions and insight they have to offer . ” -- The Way To The Top
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	“To keep your goals alive you must take action every day . No one should care about your money and success more than you do . ” -- Think Big
Why , and good fortune .	RetroJohnny Thanks
Why , the delight .	callmemrwayne realDonaldTrump DebbieGibson Thanks Debbie
Why , a matter .	FromJoachim2You A great place !
Who ’ s the ?	""It’s more important to be smart than tough . I know businessmen who are brutally tough , but they’re not smart . ” – Think Like A Billionaire
If a says ’ s life , and lay it , ’ s the time , and put up .	DJT_biggest_fan IvankaTrump Ivanka is a great example .
What name is a sir .	FromJoachim2You Congratulations and all the best to you .
.	mselesky CelebApprentice TraceAdkins March 3rd .
It is a one of her ” and her ’ s again !	LouisWalshXFact CelebApprentice TraceAdkins They raise a great deal of money for good causes and work hard at it .
The one is to the new of her .	BrainyRedhead CelebApprentice TraceAdkins Thanks--it will be great .
Yet stay for a man .	Are you ready for the All Star CelebApprentice ? TraceAdkins is back in the upcoming season . . . which is the best yet !
.	Join ericbolling to get vanessariddle to 100k followers . Beautiful girl with stage 4 cancer .
Is the man the man ?	""The best thing you can do is deal from strength , and leverage is the biggest strength you have . ” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
Who is in the man in a hope of him , he hath much .	China just landed a jet on an aircraft carrier stolen from a USA design . We should offset the thievery from our debt . .
.	. . . It's called intellectual property rights , something they know nothing about .
What should be gone on the matter !	US tourists threaten to boycott Scotland over windfarms' Write to Alex Salmond: firstminister@scotland . gsi . gov . uk
Faith , sir , and her men ’ s his wonder .	The Muslim Brotherhood dictator in Egypt is bad news . He will never be our true ally !
Faith , sir , ’ s a great a great great a great great general and a great a great a great a great a great a great men ’ s great a great a great a great men ’ s great a great great men ’ s great !	Want to know why China is growing ? They can build the world’s tallest building in 90 days Red tape would kill it here .
Why , I have a one of her there ’ s such a little .	With the economy still on a downward trajectory , the best investment young people can make now is buying property . . .
You thank you .	. . . and borrow cheap ! You will thank me someday .
You thank you .	NathalieS_29 This will be the best season yet . . March 3rd is the premiere .
I ’ ll make a more than I will make a man ’ ll make a years of a more .	PaulBocian Thanks , it was wonderful .
You thank you .	shanesgranny Thanks and Happy Holidays .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	yorkv01 Trump Tower is decorated and the city looks beautiful . Enjoy !
I ’ ll be .	shanedent Agreed .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	When you’re “hot” the lowlifes really shoot at you . . . and they try hitting from every angle ! Never let the bastards get you down .
The March ’ s the March .	Glad to see my interview with Ronald Kessler Newsmax_Media . Hopefully the GOP can get the message .
Who as a man ’ s a ”	. HuffingtonPost actually gave me a positive story yesterday !
The matter are still the matter of the should be but what should be .	Wind turbines are totally destroying the areas in which they are located—all for unreliable , bad & , expensive energy !
Call you that love you .	""You have to set higher and higher goals . You have to want more or you will start slipping backwards fast . "" -- Think Big
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	""Take a chance ! All life is a chance . The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare . "" -- Dale Carnegie
I ’ s a man .	""A president either is constantly on top of events or , if he hesitates , events will soon be on top of him . . .
Why , a matter .	. . . I never felt that I could let up for a moment . "" -- Harry S . Truman
You thank you .	""Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely . . .
Why , and good fortune .	Glad to see 9 more Iraq and Afghan war veterans joining the next Congress They deserve to be there !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	""Think of yourself like a one-man army . You're not only the commander in chief , you're the soldier as well . "" – Think Like A Billionaire
What 's , her see !	""In war there is no substitute for victory . "" -- Douglas MacArthur
Why , a matter .	Windmills are a bigger safety hazard than either coal or oil A 34% higher mortality rate than coal alone . Outrageous !
I ’ s a man .	If taxes are raised to avoid the fiscal cliff , then they must be accompanied by tangible , hard cuts on spending everywhere .
O , ho !	""Most people can learn from their own experiences quite well , but many ignore the experiences and lessons of others . "" -- The Way To The Top
I will !	Congratulations to the Rolling Stones on marking their 50th anniversary in London .
What 's !	If you treat people right they will treat you right . . . ninety percent of the time . -- Franklin D . Roosevelt
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Hope everyone enjoyed their Thanksgiving . But get ready , our country is in big trouble !
Why , a matter .	My kids never negatively discussed my criticism of President Obama with me or anyone . . . it's not in their nature !
Why , a matter .	The dishonest NY Daily News reporter advised my rep in writing , ""story is dead"" and then put it out anyway . A total lie and she knew it !
You thank you and good fortune .	The dying NY Daily News put out a false report about my kids not wanting me to criticize Obama . . . totally false !
What ’ s the lord !	HAPPY THANKSGIVING to everyone--I love you all , even my many enemies ( sometimes ! ) .
You thank you .	“I also protect myself by being flexible . I never get too attached to one deal or one approach . ” – THE ART OF THE DEAL
Once more , sir , to hear the Moor ’ s people ’ s the matter .	On December 19th the MissUniverse pageant will be broadcast live in over 190 countries to one billion viewers . nbc
Who ’ s a thank a hours .	""It does not cost anything to dream . Spend your time enjoying your big dreams . "" -- Think Big
What ’ s a matter !	I am having 600 Thanksgiving dinners sent to the Rockaways--prepared by my wonderful Trump Grill/Trump Tower staff . #SandyRelief
Why , a matter .	For those asking , my son , EricTrump , makes zero $$ running his charity & , raises a great deal of $$ , all of it for StJude EricTrumpFdn
Who ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a more .	Direct foreign investments continue to flow into China at over $100B a year That's money that could be spent here .
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	BobHapka sdoocy Thanks !
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	I hope Washington makes a good deal to avert the fiscal cliff . Both sides need to work together .
Why , a matter .	Pres . Obama’s steady support of Israel throughout this crisis helped stop the war . He did a good job .
Ay , sir .	. latoyajackson is once again at the top of her game in the upcoming All Star season of CelebApprentice . Amazing in the boardroom . . .
The March ’ s a sister ’ s the March ’ s part of the March ’ s part of the men ’ s part of the men ’ s ’ s a ”	. TrumpSoho has just been awarded the AAA Five Diamond Award . Congratulations to the team for this great recognition of their amazing work .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities . . .
Who told her that told her that which hath been the state of a matter have a matter .	. . . and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties . "" -- Harry S . Truman
Why , are good a good that ’ s as a man .	""We are not retreating--we are advancing in another direction . "" -- Douglas MacArthur
The thank her , ’ s the March ’ s the earth .	The Holiday Season in New York City is a very special time . I love seeing and meeting the many tourists who visit the #TRUMP Tower atrium .
Why , ’ s a matter .	kabarzombie69 It will be great !
Why , I thank you .	kc5yvv Thanks !
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Jixllr Thanks !
You thank you .	DLEagency MichaelPhelps True !
Why , and good fortune .	MrsAliciaParks Thanks !
Who 's a	sAygO_P I am very truthful !
Why , a matter .	Manos_Panos Love what you do !
Who ’ s a thank you .	Corene7 Thank you !
The other for a sin , the law before you have a offer .	BluePrintBullie A great compliment .
Who calls her “ Who calls her men ’ s their their souls of the their souls ’ s their people ’ s men that ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s lost his work of her work of work that	hkshel Thanks Keith !
Why , a matter .	""If everyone is thinking alike , then somebody isn't thinking . "" --George S . Patton
Why , a matter .	Obama met with Chinese Premier Wen yesterday and talked trade . The Chinese are robbing us blind--be tough !
Why , a matter .	France was just stripped of its AAA bond rating . With the PMs radical tax rates . . .
I will !	. . . expect the country to be further downgraded in the future . The rich are all leaving !
Why , I will .	""The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself . "" -- Douglas MacArthur
My honor ’ s honor .	I was nice to loser rosie and she attacked me--it just shows never let up with a bully . They only fade when you hit them hard !
The True is a great .	I am going to give Rosie a pass . Rosie is desperate to get back on TV so she can be on yet another show that can be quickly canceled .
Who ’ s a ”	A must read for any country or community considering wind turbines .
Why , so I am .	The EU just dropped their self-imposed carbon tax . I bet they wish they had all that money back !
What ’ s the lord !	“Even such traits as who makes the most eye contact in conversation can be an indication of who seeks to dominate . ” Think Like A Billionaire
What ’ s will I ’ ll be a man !	The upcoming All Star season of CelebApprentice has lisarinna returning to compete . She doesn’t disappoint !
What ’ s the lord !	""What you dream about is what you do . If you cannot even dream of doing big things , you will never do anything big . ""--Think Big
What ’ s a matter !	The EricTrumpFDN is doing amazing work helping the children . . .
What ’ s the lord !	. . . at St . Jude Children's Research Hospital -- I am proud of you Eric .
I ’ s a man .	FLASHBACK – “Donald Trump Answers Boy’s Prayer for New Bike” via FoxNewsInsider
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	I gave out the Male Athlete of the Year Award last night to my friend MichaelPhelps—22 Olympic medals—a record that will never be broken .
My lord ’ s her ” and why ’ s her ”	We should remember that during this entire Petraeus episode , over 50 of our nation's bravest have died in Afghanistan . . .
You thank you .	. . . It is time to get out and rebuild our own nation .
Why , a matter .	Washington must come together on a deal to avoid a fiscal cliff . If taxes are raised , they must come with real , hard cuts .
I will be the matter tonight , and her ’ s and be .	""Don't go around saying the world owes you a living . The world owes you nothing . It was here first . "" -- Mark Twain
The matter of the things .	“We are fully supportive of Israel's right to defend itself . ” -- BarackObama--Very good , I like it .
Who ’ s a Who ’ s was a soldier was his fortunes that ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” Who ’ s of her that ’ s a soldier was of her was his soldier was his cause of her was his reason for his	Remember victims of Hurricane Sandy during Thanksgiving . Many will not be celebrating the holiday in comfort . Their lives are in turmoil !
The time he ’ s fortune ’ s a ”	Bluecollar96 Dummy--I never went bankrupt .
What thank you , ’ s a more ’ s part !	Petraeus is already negotiating a book deal . Smart . Always negotiate when you are a hot commodity !
Call you her her again .	The World Bank is tying poverty to ‘climate change’ And we wonder why international organizations are ineffective .
What ’ s a one of her ' s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of her again For ’ s bed and a bed and her again and her	""Don't take vacations . What's the point ? If you're not enjoying your work , you're in the wrong job . "" -- Think Like A Billionaire
Who hath been by her men ’ s bed , and the second work .	Rapper Mac Miller's song , ""Donald Trump"" has reached close to 72 million hits . He owes me big !
What a great friends .	Reports are out there that many CEOs of charities are getting overpaid , while their causes are seeing very little . . .
Give the sea of the first of her ” at the first	. . . . . . Do your research before donating this holiday season !
The of my lord !	. unicef Caryl M . Stern CEO is driving around in a Rolls Royce . . .
Good fortune .	. . . while her charity is getting less than 5 cents per donated dollar . She should be ashamed !
Why , a man ’ s a man ’ s part .	. redcross CEO’s salary in 2011 was $951 , 957 . Where is the outrage ?
What 's , I think , it !	All because of me- people don’t care about you Cher . ""cher My week on twitter 1k retweets , 29 new listings 15k new followers 2k mentions . ""
Not a true !	The Hostess closing did not have to happen--should have been an easy deal to make .
Who ’ s a thank you .	Does anyone really believe that President Obama found out about Petraeus immediately after the election ?
What 's great a great work !	Everybody tells me not to hit back at the lowlifes that go after me for PR--sorry , but I must . It's my nature .
I hope that are so far from this money to the money to the fashion to the matter .	My foxandfriends interview discussing the Benghazi cover-up , Hostess' closing & , celebrating Thanksgiving with family
.	. chelseahandler--stop calling my office for me to do your rather ""gross"" show--I have less interest in you than Andre .
I have a Cassio of her own offer to me , For it should be made the show of the show of the show of the other men of me .	. chelseahandler—stop trying to get your hotelier boyfriend back—a lost cause—he can do much better !
Who sent you have sent him .	It makes me feel so good to hit ""sleazebags"" back -- much better than seeing a psychiatrist ( which I never have ! )
Not a man !	The Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach is one of the most successful places on earth in raising money for charity--a great feeling !
I have a and I do .	realDonaldTrump LaurenScruggs Lauren--you are fantastic and an inspiration .
Who had a people .	. LaurenScruggs , who was badly injured by an airplane , was great on The Today Show !
He was , good good good good .	Now China is trying to take over a USA airbase This is only the beginning . They only understand toughness !
He he !	“Much as it pays to emphasize the positive , there are times when the only choice is confrontation . ” – The Art of the Deal
He was and good good good good good good , and he ’ s part , and the place .	With the run on our dollar about to take place , commodity prices will rise . Gold , silver , & , timber will spike-- also , certain real estate .
.	Fiscal cliff negotiations have officially begun between the President and Congress---Washington must come together and make a deal .
Why , a matter .	“Trump could be great friend if ‘Second Amendment’ enthusiasm is real” via SFLuxe
What say , a more than ?	Congratulations to Mets RADickey43 on becoming the first knuckleball pitcher to ever win the CY Young award !
No more .	""I have an open door policy for my employees . I'm accessible because I like to know what's going on . "" -- The Midas Touch
Call her her ”	LaurenScruggs , who was badly injured by an airplane , was great on The Today Show !
The True .	""A house divided against itself cannot stand . "" --Abraham Lincoln
What ’ s a man !	President Obama , we need to protect our closest ally , Israel . The situation in the Middle East is at a tipping point .
No , but I hate a hate .	Korkyelmst You are very nice , thank you .
He ’ s office !	TraderExpert Thanks !
Why , like it !	amanda_berens True !
.	dxerebl They must actually like me !
Who hath a ”	EMC_xoxo Thanks !
What a fool , a fool of a heavy day . ” — ”	NYLANDERMAX Thanks !
Who ’ s a 'll have a matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a thing ’ s ’ s ”	BriannaTurano Good !
What 's !	jenke2501 I understand your message .
But you are !	RCVenables It is , thanks .
Call her a ” is a one of her .	If the government doesn't start working together , the media is right & , we will hit a ""fiscal cliff . "" We need to avoid this .
What a man .	With our record debt & , trillion $ deficits , our $ is now at an all-time low against the Chinese Yuan . Time for our gov't to work together .
What had rather be it so far .	“All our dreams can come true , if we have the courage to pursue them . ” – Walt Disney
What ’ s not you !	""Don't assume you have to accept the hand you were dealt . "" – Think Like A Billionaire
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Yesterday the Christmas tree arrived at Rockefeller Plaza . An iconic event for New York !
O , ho !	""Donald Trump's Guns"" by EmilyMiller washtimes
Call it .	Golf bookings for next season on Scottish course are already double our projections for April opening—great news . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more .	Announced 3 years ago that Scottish course would close in winter , like Kingsbarns and others--too cold .
O , ho !	mllemariani I agree !
What ’ s the Moor !	Our country is being torn apart from the inside--it's getting nasty out there .
What ’ s a great men are great men !	rcthompson01 cher I agree
The heavens , it is the power , in power , And that I will go , and I am , and the power , and I will be power , and as to the power is . ” .	Just signed contract to purchase the Ritz Carlton in Jupiter , Florida--great land , great location , great future !
You thank you .	cher Old story , one of which I publicly disapproved . My sons love hunting , I don’t .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	. WendyWilliams Thanks for the nice statement , especially about my wife and kids- very much appreciated .
Call it	riggs_deb EricTrump I agree , he is amazing .
We will will bring to her lord , the judge ’ s soldier to the coming .	Relmark Thanks Mark
O , ho !	GuitartrashJB Thanks !
What ’ s a matter !	Busy day—working on buying a major property—and creating lots of jobs .
What ’ s will I ’ ll be a man !	Social media has changed the news & , communication landscape for good . Everything must be up to date by the second instead of the hour or day
What ’ s a man !	A former classmate , Roy Eaton , has published a great book , “Makers , Shakers & , Takers” – check it out
You thank you .	Obama’s own top donor is now laying employees off and lowering hours in anticipation of Obama Care The new reality .
You thank you .	Trump Towers , Istanbul , Sisli will be one of the country’s top landmarks
Why , a matter .	The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral .
Who ’ s a man ’ s a ”	""I never did give anybody hell . I just told the truth and they thought it was hell . ""--Harry S . Truman
God God ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of him ' s ’ s ’ s a ”	Had a great time going over renovations for Trump National Doral this past weekend . It is going to be amazing .
Faith , the last upon the last night !	To aspiring entrepreneurs , always remember that if your enemies aren’t talking about you , then you aren’t doing well . . . and must work harder !
Why , a call “ “ “ call ’ s ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	Celebrate 2013 TrumpSoHo with downtown's nicest #NYE party . Get your tickets now:
Why , sir ’ s the new called “ “ ” ”	Gen . Petraeus has agreed to testify in the Senate on Benghazi . I will be watching .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	Help those affected by #Sandy . TrumpSoHo is giving $10 per booking made by 11/23 to RedCross for #sandyrelief .
He he !	""You can have the best product in the world , but if people don't know about it , it's not going to be worth much . "" - The Art of the Deal
Ay , send , send 'd in his company .	The upcoming record 13th season of CelebApprentice is going to be very special . Our production team's ingenuity is amazing .
What ’ s the lord !	“The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary . ” – Vince Lombardi
Why , ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	krnspeech CelebApprentice DonaldJTrumpJr Sunday , March 3--thanks !
O , ho !	jackmarkou CelebApprentice piersmorgan He is on and he's great !
Who ’ s the he ’ s years !	natrat86 Don't be scared--we will come back .
What 's !	""First of all , you don't necessarily need the best location . What you need is the best deal . "" -- The Art of the Deal
You are well .	It’s amazing how people can talk about me but I’m not allowed to talk about them .
Call it up and fortune .	. cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine . And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work .
Who ’ s a 'll have a matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a thing ’ s ’ s ”	General Petreus and his family are paying a big price !
.	. cher should spend more time focusing on her family and dying career !
.	Paula Broadwell's book on Gen . Petreus is titled ""All In . "" Did she know something ?
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Our $17T national debt and $1T yearly budget deficits are a national security risk of the highest order .
God ’ s a good fortune and fortune .	Don't forget Benghazi .
Call it !	The sex scandal at the CIA and Pentagon is rapidly unfolding--getting more interesting by the minute !
Why , you thank you !	After Friday’s Twilight release , I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again !
Take a look at this the duke of the first was of the first of ’ s time , and ’ s ’ s time , and the first of her	. maddow Standing in front of wind turbines is sad . Rachel , windmills are terrible for the environment—
Call , never , never give him more than him , and never more than him .	. . . they are costly , inefficient , bird killing , community destroying machines . They are obsolete ! maddow
Call it	My fragrance--""Success""-- is flying off the shelves Macys . The perfect Christmas gift !
Call her a ”	. davidaxelrod David--Thank you , my great honor for a very worthy cause !
Never for a man ’ t , ' tis a thing !	“Strong men have sound ideas and the force to make these ideas effective . ” -- Andrew Mellon
The comes from the Moor and his business of the day , and every day , and every day and that day And and his day of the day and his time And shall be made of the day .	Scary – in the past 90 days , Obama has set over 6 , 125 regulatory burdens Terrible for the economy .
Who 's a hair in her ” and ’ s a matter .	No surprise that BBC is in a major scandal for shoddy journalism . Any network that air’s antbaxter’s garbage has zero credibility .
What love ’ t will it !	How come every time I show anger , disgust or impatience , enemies say I had a tantrum or meltdown—stupid or dishonest people ?
Not this says this !	Businesses have already started massive layoffs and reducing employees’ hours due to Obama Care . Reality is setting in .
Not a great a great man !	Surprise-In a post-election delayed release , food stamp rolls surged to biggest monthly increase and an all-time high
What is .	Yesterday was Veterans Day . I hope our armed service members felt appropriately honored . This nation loves and respects all of you .
Why , you thank you !	We just passed 1 . 9M followers & , gained over 250 , 000 followers in the last month . Thank you--let's have fun and do business .
What is .	When someone attacks me , I always attack back . . . except 100x more . This has nothing to do with a tirade but rather , a way of life !
O , ho !	I am a very calm person but love tweeting about both scum and positive subjects . Whenever I tweet , some call it a tirade . . totally dishonest !
Who 's a	Trump International Golf Links was just rated one of the greatest courses in the world . Virtually all reviews are saying the same thing .
Ay , my thought I thought , that I would be thought on the matter !	The people of Scotland love Trump International Golf Links .
Why , is a great great a great great ’ s great a great ’ s great his great his great a great great his great his great great him !	Aberdeen tourism is booming because of my great Scottish golf club .
The time of your tongue .	Many political pundits are using the term ""Art of the Deal"" . . . . they should thank me . That is my term and book title .
Let us be sure , Give me the matter .	""Never ever quit , never give up"" - Donald J . Trump , The Art of the Deal .
But that you can be all the man and all the should be of the know of the matter .	Thanks- many are saying I'm the best 140 character writer in the world . It's easy when it's fun .
The grace ’ s the bond for the bond .	I love Twitter . . . . it's like owning your own newspaper--- without the losses .
But a bad one of bad one !	I'm a skeptical guy , but I don't believe Petraeus used this to get out of the Benghazi hearings .
What is and true !	Wow , I never saw the Petraeus thing coming . A straight laced guy ! Very sad for him and his family .
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	I just passed a 10 block long gas line going to LGA airport , a terrible situation !
What I love is a love is .	Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian !
They that that which was but that was a gave it !	She’s baaack ! Rosie needs me to salvage her dying career . But it won’t help-- she’s got no talent & , no persona . Too many tv cancellations !
What , so !	Price gouging at many gas stations , $10 a gallon--welcome to the new world .
I told you you that told me you , I told me of a man ’ ll told you of a thing .	It’s hard to believe that we are rationing gas in NYC . OPEC is laughing all the way to the bank .
Who 's a matter	. cyndilauper Condolences on the passing of your uncle , and best wishes .
What is a something of her , that ’ t !	. antbaxter Only the stupid BBC would air your garbage—no wonder they are in such deep trouble .
The many used by the many of the other of her .	. antbaxter Anthony—did you illegally take clips from the Letterman Late_Show show and GolfChannel without their approval ?
The a one had not a moon to make a great great great great a great great	. antbaxter I predict somebody is going to sue you !
The weak look so weak and the weak and hell ?	. antbaxter Dummy , thanks for increasing awareness of my big golf project in Aberdeen—sales are thru the roof & , Aberdeen seeing big benefits .
The Moor , I never did went about the Capitol .	. antbaxter—Heard your documentary cost you less than $3 , 000 to make—where did you get that kind of money ?
Who was she was a great a great a great a great a great her .	. antbaxter—Your documentary works better than any sleeping pill—in fact that may be your only way to make money with this recycled garbage !
Why , a matter .	Why do so many people say I hate President Obama—I don’t hate the President at all . I just disagree with his policies !
Why , a matter .	antbaxter Salon antbaxter—Apprentice is a huge hit all over the world . Your cheap & , boring documentary is a tremendous flop .
What ’ s a man !	9 million fewer people voted for Obama this election than last & , yet the Republicans lost—do you think they might be doing something wrong !
Ay , a man ’ s a man ’ s lord , Ay ’ s ’ s a man ’ s one ’ s one of her ”	I got to know johnboehner very well—he is a great guy who will do the right thing for the country !
What ’ s the matter .	I received such a nice letter today from someone who took refuge in Trump Tower during Sandy . It was my pleasure to help .
Good place !	Robert Pattinson is putting on a good face for the release of Twilight . He took my advice on Kristen Stewart . . . I hope !
What ’ s like it !	The election was a major setback for economy . All young entrepreneurs should be sure to calculate Obama's policies into their investments .
The March ’ s the March .	Of the 9 battleground states , we only carried North Carolina . I'm proud of NCGOP & , glad I delivered keynote at their state convention .
The more of the good of the good of a good .	Remember to watch the series finale of ""The Men Who Built America"" this Sunday at 8/7c on History
For they are they have her that are a man .	Polls show that the hurricane had a huge positive effect for Obama on his win- isn't that ridiculous ?
I ’ ll be you !	Romney campaign used me in 6 primary states and won every one- they should have used me in Florida and Ohio & , he would be President .
I ’ ll do .	Remember to watch the series finale of ""The Men Who Built America"" this Sunday at 8/7c on History
I do not understand your question .	China is heavily investing in building its own jet engine They will end up stealing the design from us as usual .
What 's , I think !	Thank you to piersmorgan for your nice statement about me in the HollywoodReporter
Not a man as a brave niece with her ”	China's submarines will soon be carrying nukes They will be sent to patrol our coasts , Obama won't do anything .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s work of our men ’ s ’ s work on the	China's Communist Party has now publicly praised Obama's reelection . They have never had it so good . Will own America soon .
Ay , and I am a more .	At the end of the day , Obama won the battleground states by less than 500 , 000 votes . This was a winnable race . GOP needs to do better !
O , ho !	With taxes set to go up and Obama about to cut the mortgage deduction , now is the time to buy a house if you can . Can get a great deal .
What ’ s a more ’ t .	. davidaxelrod I'm sending you a check to help find a cure . IvankaTrump says hi .
Why , that so .	No surprise that all the foreign countries are celebrating Obama's win . They love a weak America that they can rip off .
A it is a woman !	Obama's administration is now openly admitting it expects US credit downgraded again Thanks for letting us know now
Call ’ s daughter ’ s a soldier ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s bed .	I will and I agree ! RT ZacharyQuinto@realdonaldtrump you can't possibly make any more money . so why don't you make a difference instead ? !
Let it be a man ’ s a friend and not ’ s a man ’ s .	I started to get very worried about Mitt's chances when I heard that A-Rod donated to his campaign . Everything A-Rod touches turns bad .
.	Russian leaders are publicly celebrating Obama's reelection . They can't wait to see how flexible Obama will be now .
Who ’ s York , sir , Who in her men ’ s her daughter .	It is that time of the year . The Trump Wollman Skating Rink is open to the public in Central Park . The greatest ice rink in the country .
.	MJGrilliot . Thanks .
Who ’ s her ” “ Be ’ s the ” In her ” In the sun ’ s ”	Letterman Late_Show had Brian Williams NBCNightlyNews as guest last night , I was on last Thursday
Is no more the gold to the gold ?	. . . I trounced him in ratings & , Letterman beat jayleno last Thursday . Brian—are you irrelevant ?
This is a strange for a country and a country !	Tweet me back if u think we should start a petition to fire hardball_chris for his comments on Sandy & , the death & , destruction it caused .
Nay , will be this be in the one .	A test: tweet me the reason billmaher was fired from ABC ( other than his bad ratings ) .
What is the thought of her .	. hardball_chris says he’s “glad” we had a hurricane ! With many people dying and thousands hurting , MSNBC ( cont )
I am a one .	Thank you to Joe Passov ( Travelin’ Joe ) of Golf Magazine for the great article . . .
I see you thou hast a bed	“A man always has two reasons for doing anything: a good reason and the real reason . ” -- J . P . Morgan
In the end , not her that by the other of your mind .	Now that the election is over , watch Chrysler ship Jeep production to China--my prediction .
Call her again , “ Call ’ s bed , Which ’ s ’ s ’ s the Run to the time ’ s bed , Which ’ s bed , Which ’ s bed , Which ’ s men ’ s bed !	It has been a pleasure to make so many friends and meet so many great people on the trail this past cycle . We will fight on !
What ’ s the way of her that ’ s new to her fortune .	Beijing had a bigger celebration than Chicago last night . The Chinese are happier with the election than we are .
The battle that is a new way to be the new way .	The stock market and US dollar are both plunging today . Welcome to BarackObama’s second term .
Call you her again , let ’ s bed , ” And let her be a ”	Congrats to KarlRove on blowing $400 million this cycle . Every race CrossroadsGPS ran ads in , the Republicans lost . What a waste of money .
Who ’ s a men ’ s see ’ s too much to have been too much of the people have been a men to see ’ s work too	Millions without electricity across NY & , NJ . The media has covered for Obama’s massive failure . Can you imagine if this was another Pres ?
What ’ s a Who ’ s the Moor To have a man ?	Pervert alert . RepWeiner is back on twitter . All girls under the age of 18 , block him immediately .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	Amazing , various celebrities were far harsher than me with political statements--- but media doesn't care about . . .
What ’ s the youth of the knave ’ s green and the green and the green and be the green of the fair and be the gate of her	It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming !
Call it to her chamber , her men in her ” .	We have to make America great again !
The best your best are you are the way .	Our country is totally split right now but someday it will come together !
If you will be thought to be as well as well .	Another four years--not good for the country but we'll have to live with it !
The hour of words on this morning ’ s great work as great work as great work as a great work of the morning	This was the Republicans election to win but they just blew it--reasons why to follow .
This country is the country ’ s bed for the way to the way , come to the men .	Brian , if I'm ""well past the last exit to relevance"" how come you spent so much time reading my tweets last night ? NBCNightlyNews
Call ’ s the forth of his bed , Who ’ s ’ s ’ s crown from his sun to his bed	Brian Williams was never a smart guy but always passes himself off as such . People will learn the truth ! NBCNightlyNews
What ’ s men ’ s voice if thou hast ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s bed , but a voice of her men ’ s voice of her voice	Brian , I hope NBCNightlyNews isn't paying you too much--look at what's happening to nightly news .
Why , her a woman ’ s bed .	Brian--Thanks dummy--I picked up 70 , 000 twitter followers yesterday alone . Cable News just passed you in the ratings . NBCNightlyNews
Who ’ s her be but that ’ s her have the matter .	The voting booth process was a total disaster—it could and should be much better and more efficient—tremendous room for error !
I will be on the morning ’ s morning , and will be so , and be so .	. bwilliams--wouldn't you love to have my ratings ?
Who ’ s a ”	The only thing more boring than bwilliams newscast is his show Rock Center which is totally dying in the ratings—a disaster !
Who ’ s a ”	. bwilliams knows that I think his newscast has become totally boring so he took a shot at me last night .
Who 's her that 's her that ’ s the matter of the matter ’ s of her ”	Trump volunteers were out early today to offload cases of food and supplies for hard-hit Rockaways residents #Sandy
What ’ s sad , and ’ s the more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the hours , and ’ s	I’ve sent a 10-wheeler filled with 358 master cases of food and supplies to my hometown of Queens today #TrumpCares
What ’ s a great men would make a great people ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men would make a great men ’ s great her ” a work of her ”	P . S . 42 in Queens is getting a truckload of food and much needed supplies for Rockaway residents #HurricaneSandyRelief
The great one for a great men are great men of his great work of his great men of his great men ’ s great work of his great men ’ s a great men are a great men are a work .	House of Representatives shouldn't give anything to Obama unless he terminates Obamacare .
Who for the people ’ s the people !	Hopefully the House of Representatives can hold our country together for four more years . . . stay strong and never give up !
Call you her men in her men or ’ s her again .	The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy .
Who was the “ Who was the people was the people ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Our nation is a once great nation divided !
Who ’ s a ”	Our country is now in serious and unprecedented trouble . . . like never before .
Who ’ s love you say not , and not her ?	This election is a total sham and a travesty . We are not a democracy !
Who was a come forth a work in her ”	Lets fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice ! The world is laughing at us .
What ’ s but a man ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s but but but a man ’ s thoughts ’ s thoughts ’ s thoughts ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men but a thing !	We can't let this happen . We should march on Washington and stop this travesty . Our nation is totally divided !
Who ’ s a ”	Well , back to the drawing board !
What ’ s a bed , my people , ” — ” ?	dionnewarwick thanks for your nice statement on Access Hollywood . You are a great person and talent . . . I adore you !
What should you run for the men ’ s bed !	""Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light . "" --George Washington
The time I will for her men ’ s run for the way !	Whoever wins today , remember that tomorrow we still have a country struggling . Our work is not done until America is strong again .
What ’ s again done !	. MRbelzer is a stone cold loser with no talent--why did they ever put him on ""Law and Order ? ""
Call it a come for her again .	I love show ""Law and Order"" but the MRbelzer casting is the worst ever . No talent--unwatchable !
Who ’ s her , my people ’ s her !	I have had the pleasure of getting to know AnnDRomney & , MittRomney this past year . They love America . Let's push them over the top today .
Call you her lord , you should run for the men ’ s bed !	Do we still want a President who bows to the Saudis and lets OPEC rip us off ? Make America strong , vote for MittRomney .
If the one , if thou hast thou hast ’ s voice !	The federal gov . has handled Sandy worse than Katrina . There is no excuse why people don't have electricity or fuel yet .
Who ’ s full of her ”	. ABFalecbaldwin Alec--it's not science , it's a con--read the e-mails .
Who by the people ’ s her ” Who ’ s the the the the sun ’ s of the sun ’ s men ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	The federal gov . has handled Sandy worse than Katrina . There is no excuse why people don’t have electricity or fuel yet .
Who ’ s a one that ’ s bed .	Tappersong Thanks Gary .
I think the man in her ”	Obama thinks he can just laugh off the fact that he refuses to release his records to the American public . He can't .
Call her again , “ Call her again !	Watch Obama refuse to call Benghazi a terrorist attack on 9 . 12 What took CBS so long to release this footage ?
Who is the are of her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s sun ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s a men ’ s bed	If you experience any harassment or heckling at the polling places from Obama supporters , make sure you report it immediately .
What ’ s the more .	Now Chinese state run companies are taking over our coal market China wants to deplete our resources here at home .
Why , a more ’ s a thing ’ tis like a one .	Yesterday Obama campaigned with JayZ & , Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY & , NJ are still decimated by Sandy . Wrong !
Why , an an ass ’ tis like a one .	Make sure to verify the voting machine does not switch your vote . If you have any problems , notify the poll workers .
So to the one of her ” at the one ’ s one ’ s one ’ s the other of her ”	More reports of voting machines switching Romney votes to Obama . Pay close attention to the machines , don't let your vote be stolen
Who is for a call of the most like a most of her ' s from the Moor	“Change can’t be measured in speeches . It is measured in achievements . ” -- MittRomney yesterday in Fairfax , VA .
The a lord for a one of her ' th ' th ' faith , Which thou hast a offer of her	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing the close election , the enthusiasm gap between Mitt & , Obama & , the fiscal cliff
What , the matter , that ’ t ’ s the matter .	Save Medicare . Vote for MittRomney . He will repeal Obamacare on day one .
Ay , sir , let her be a let ’ s never run for the other ’ s part of a more .	Very dangerous pattern developing across country by Obama supporters . Detroit poll watcher was threatened with gun
Come , I pray you have a bed !	Make sure to vote today . Vote for real change . Change that will deliver jobs and a free & , strong America . Vote for MittRomney .
What ’ s that thou hast a more as ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more as the matter as a thing as a ”	The New Black Panthers are back at the same Philly polling station from '08 Don't let them intimidate you !
Upon a two thousand one ?	In the 1950’s our climate was far more unstable than it has been over the last 5 years .
I thank you , that I thank you !	The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make USA manufacturing non-competitive .
The more more than a beast .	Watch this behind the scenes video of IvankaTrump's Fall 2012 collection photo shoot-
Will be the morning , tomorrow , and he say , I ’ s talk of a talk of a talk of a talk of the morning .	Me voting--- it really is my hair !
What ’ s the man but the man ’ s the man !	NGen52 I never went bankrupt .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	jtylerdowling Thanks
The good for the word of a good good good good good good good good good .	Remember: Obama turned down $5M to charity which I said I would increase by 10X to $50M--just to show simple records . He's hiding lots !
Why , this will be our peace .	""If you voted for Obama in 2008 to prove you were not a racist then vote for Romney in 2012 to prove you are not stupid . "" Thanks Walter D !
Call it her all .	The Apprentice was the #1 show on television last season on Sunday from 10 to 11 --- congratulations Donald !
Why , by her ” Who ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Despite the upcoming election , the cover of paper-thin Time Magazine looks like an ad for the movie Lincoln--sad !
Why , to be the way is , and then , and now , ’ s the way to her ”	Before you vote , think: Obama wants to raise taxes , MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more !
Who , after I did have a bed of her ” And that I ’ s more and he did , and my lord of her that I have a bed of her men in her that ’ s bed of her	Why is Obama playing basketball today ? That is why our country is in trouble !
My lord ’ s that we do not why not such another ’ s another ’ s another ’ s man ’ s man ’ s another ’ s bed , why have ’ s another ’ s man ’ s bed	I was invited to be with Mitt Romney tonight --- win , lose , or draw , I’ll be there !
The men of her was the people was of her .	Answer to your questions- I will be voting at 10:30 AM at Lighthouse International 110 East 60th Street , Manhattan
Must be a one by her men and her ’ s the matter and the matter of the matter and the people be of her ”	Go out and vote--- this will be the most important election of our time !
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ”	Tune in for #TrumpTuesday on SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning .
What , ’ s a ” to her ”	Benghazi is bigger than Watergate . Don’t let Obama get away with allowing Americans to die . Kick him out of office tomorrow .
Must see the people on his reason on us ' th ' th ' th ' ll see the matter on the matter of his reason on his men ’ s bed	The outer boroughs of Manhattan are still devasted by Sandy . How would the press cover this if a Republican was President .
Will be tonight at the people ’ s her ”	China is worried . The polls are trending for MittRomney . They won’t be able to steal from us anymore .
The great is great a part of a work , ’ s a great work .	. ABFAlecBaldwin P . S . Your brother StephenBaldwin7 is doing very well on ApprenticeNBC--and he stated he ""adores you . ""
What be a man tonight .	. ABFAlecBaldwin They were rising in the 1950's then went back down--they will go up and down through eternity .
Faith , for a bed ?	Voting for GovGaryJohnson is voting for Obama--don't waste your vote !
The time ’ s one , ’ s country ’ s to the country !	Tomorrow’s election will have historic repercussions for our country . Make America strong again . Vote for MittRomney .
Why , that we will have ’ ll run to the time and run to the way to be the other of her ” to be the time and have ’ s men to be a thing and have ’ s men to be	mcuban ---- Do you mean the President's birthplace ?
What ’ s the more ’ s another !	. mcuban Letterman Late_Show had his best ratings with me--and you bombed . People don't care about Mark Cuban .
Call her her friends !	After 13 seasons , ApprenticeNBC easily beat Shark Tank in ratings last year-- better demos as well .
A day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day ’ s heart for the day of the day of the day of the time for the day of the day of the day of great bed	. mcuban , Shark Tank was shoved to Friday evening-- Friday is considered “dead television . ” Besides , you are not the star ( & , never will be ) .
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s ’ s lost ’ s lost ’ s lost a ” hath lost of her ” hath lost her ” Who hath lost her ”	Obama just stated ""It's always good to ignore Donald Trump . "" I state he is right , especially when the truth is against him .
What ’ s her that ’ s her call , Who is the people ’ s the people ’ s ”	. mcuban Baseball commissioner and owners were smart when they didn’t want you to buy a team--- but I don’t think you have the money anyway .
My lord , her that her men of the state , The world ’ s letters of the world .	""I believe in the America that never gives up , never stops striving , never ceases believing in itself . "" -- MittRomney , 11 . 2 . 12
What ’ s the people make a great great great soldier !	Via WSJ: “A New Direction For America” by MittRomney
Who is a “ Who may be “ he may be “ he ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” Which he ’ s ” Which he ’ s a ”	Obama is angry , frustrated and desperate . He said “voting is the best revenge” He is divisive .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	ojmart Thank you !
Who ’ s a people ’ s last we have another thing is another ’ s bed by another thing by another ”	acman84 True !
Who with her ” Who ’ s a ”	Like Al Sharpton , DonnyDeutsch apologized to me for calling me a racist on todayshow--apology accepted !
The sun as near the sun will make your sorrow . ” The time ’ s Never make her wrong .	Don't believe Chrysler ( if Obama wins ) --see how fast Jeep production will be moved to China--and I'll be watching !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ” !	. mcuban When Apprentice became the #1 show on tv you tried copying me with The Benefactor- a complete and total ratings disaster for ABC .
Who ’ s a name of her ' tis ?	Only 1 mill . dollars mcuban ? Offer me real money and I’d consider it . Your team and networks lose so much money I doubt you have much left !
Call her her “ Call her her ”	Dummy mcuban is at it again trying to use me to get publicity for himself !
What , is the men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter , the matter , the matter , the matter , the matter , the men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s part of men ’ s	In ’08 , America voted for Hope & , Change . Instead , we got incompetency . Now it is time to put a real job creator in office . Vote 4 Mitt !
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	Obama’s policies have led to food stamp rolls growing 75X faster than job production We can't afford 4 more years .
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s one of a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s bed and a ” For ’ s bed and	My foxandfriends interview discussing newsday’s endorsement of MittRomney , tomorrow's election and Sandy's victims
What is sweet and not her that ’ s a sweet and ”	Nice mention by Brian Kelly Conservative Action Alerts
The Majesty came out at the people today at the people ’ s work of the matter .	We can't destroy the competitiveness of our factories in order to prepare for nonexistent global warming . China is thrilled with us !
Call her again , ' tis a again , ' tis a ”	Great article in the NewYorkPost by Ben Garrett--""Don't Blame Sandy on Global Warming""
Why , by her again again to her ”	It’s extremely cold in NY & , NJ—not good for flood victims . Where is global warming ?
Why , a her bed !	Get out tomorrow and vote so that we can all finally say those magic words---
Who ’ s a ”	. CNN is looking at Jeff Zucker to lead them out of the forest--Jeff would be a great choice .
The time I will live in a bed where you are a thank you !	Remember , go vote--we need real change this time .
Who ’ s a man ’ s one that ’ s Ay , sir , that ’ s one of her be a man ’ s one of her that make a one of her that are that are that that that same .	Lorrainejuliet EDLTrobinson FloridaJayhawk hannityshow Must be careful & , smart !
Who ’ s a glad of a part of her ' s part of a glad of her ’ s old ?	ewim55 Then he wouldn't be president .
Come , sir , come to you are great .	TrickettTweeter No , his facts are very bad for him .
Who ’ s a man ’ s the morning ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the morning ’ s of the morning ’ s one of her ”	eheinlen Yes .
I will be on a times at her — A one of her ' s a one !	. ralphreed is doing a great job !
Who ’ s a one of her ”	""This is a time for big ideas . This is a time for real reform for a real recovery . "" -- PaulRyanVP
The more in the more than the house ’ s house .	Remember when you vote , Obamacare is a disaster !
The matter on the matter ’ s the matter on the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter on the matter of the matter ’ s bed	MittRomney will turn this mess around !
What say that to the best hath the best of the business that the best of the way have	Make sure you get out and vote . . . most important election of our generation . . . go Romney !
Who never thought it never thought of this say but this !	Trump Hotels are delivering lots of food to storm victims . . . we love doing it !
What ’ s a man ’ s lord !	Gary Johnson is asking people ""to waste"" their vote on him . Make it count - vote for MittRomney .
Who thank you , ’ s a thank you !	We don’t want to have a recount in any of the battleground states . Obama will steal it . Make sure all your friends and family vote .
Call it her “ Who ’ s her ” for her ’ s ”	Obama's war on women has lead to the biggest decline in female employment in 40 years . 4 more years ? ?
Who ’ s a	Undecideds in OH , PA and WI will make the difference . All should ask themselves if they want $6/gallon gas because it will come under Obama .
Who ’ s a bed !	Pennsylvania is in play MittRomney . All undecideds in Philly suburbs should ask themselves - who do you trust most on Israel ?
What love you speak of your bed , ’ s love ’ s love !	I think TheRevAl should take this challenge . Axelrod was too scared . RT: RonKaufmanIntrn: Kaufstache vs . Sharpstache .
Who , ’ s a her men to her ” ’ s her ”	In the heart of the city , Trump International Toronto is the city's most elite property True luxury at its finest .
If the world was he does set on the sea , or make a woman ?	Considering Obama hasn’t proposed anything concrete , if he wins he won’t have a mandate . Another 4 years of legislative stalemate .
The one that come at her work in her ”	Members from Obama's own job council are endorsing MittRomney Not surprising
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , he hath my lord , he hath my lord , and he hath the man ’ s bed , and be a ” to her daughter ’ s bed , he hath ’ s a	Concerns over the national debt are stopping businesses from hiring and expanding Obama's policies are unsustainable
The house against the world is against the power of the beard !	Castro , Chavez and Ahmadinejad are all anxiously awaiting our election results . They are praying Obama wins .
Who ’ s the matter of her ?	Obama promised 5 . 2% unemployment by October 2012 . His promises are worthless !
What ’ s a Who by her men ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her ” to her ” to her men ’ s bed and her ”	""Go as far as you can see , when you get there , you'll be able to see farther . "" -- J . P . Morgan
What ’ s a chamber , a most most most most most most most like a most many heads ’ s the most of her heads of her chamber and her chamber and a most most many chamber and a most Call ’ s blood to her chamber and	Make sure to catch history’s season finale of “The Men Who Built America” on Sun , November 11th . Great show .
Who ’ s a woman ’ s crown , and he ’ s the crown !	Reality TV’s #1 Bad Girl OMAROSA is back on the upcoming 13th season of All Star CelebApprentice . She is great as always .
The more ’ s the more than the Bring it .	Could be the hurricane helps MittRomney--people are rioting in the streets over gasoline
Let us be run out of her again	A wonderful place .
The men was in the people saw your duty .	Global warming is based on faulty science and manipulated data which is proven by the emails that were leaked
Who ’ s a one that ’ s bed .	Obama has destroyed the middle class . In ’09 , median household income was $55 , 198 . Now it is $50 , 678 . Four more years ?
O my lord , then the earth , O , ho , and never ’ s side , and never come , and the sea .	I have an idea for A-Rod---buy a home at TrumpGolfLA overlooking the Pacific--will bring you better luck .
What ’ s a men ’ s bed to his next ?	A-Rod is now looking for an expensive home in Beverly Hills--why aren't the Yankees terminating his contract for misrepresentation ?
Come , I pray you have a hear him , and let ’ s part , I pray you have a more ' ll run for a one of a bed for a bed	. eagles should sit Michael Vick . He is a great athlete but less than average quarterback .
The more ’ s a more .	Obama our Welfare & , Food Stamp President , is praising himself for expanding welfare He doesn't believe in work .
What ’ s a bed for you ’ s all ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her ”	""We don't need a Secretary of Business to understand business , we need a president who understands business and I do"" -- MittRomney
Who ’ s a good voice , sir , for him the other of him ' s more in his other ’ s bed , ay ’ s bed , and I am a voice of him have him .	Unemployment is now 7 . 9% . Four years and $6 . 5T later , that is really bad !
The more I would have a voice of her voice , I ’ s voice .	How about President Obama fixing the gasoline situation instead of taking photo ops in the destruction .
Who ’ s a bed , Who ’ s a ”	Interestingly , the hurricane may now be a disaster for Obama's reelection because of his grandstanding .
Who will be a will end .	People are struggling to get gasoline for their cars--we are like a third world country .
The man is the man .	I'm sending lots of bottled water out to Staten Island & , Long Island .
Who in the men ’ s her have my lord , you have my lord , for the other men ’ s bed , ’ s bed , Who ’ s a ”	. TheRevAl came to my Trump Tower office to apologize for calling me a racist--very nice , apology accepted !
The matter of your father ’ s come forth my part of the man ’ s part of the moon and the world ’ s part of her of her	. BarbaraJWalters called my office to ask me to do election night coverage with her--sadly , I won't be able to do it .
Who ’ s a white in the white white white white .	mikayladreyer Thanks !
Call in a good Who hath today of her lord today , ’ s good and ’ s sun today in his good today today today today of his bed today today today of his men today ”	. RalphGilles of Chrysler should focus on design rather than filthy language--not very professional .
Who with her with her “ call on ’ s chamber to her ”	We should not allow Chrysler to move Jeep jobs to China after they said they wouldn't--stay tuned !
Who ’ s a ”	. Chrysler disputes my statement--but watch Chrysler move Jeep jobs to China after the election .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her call her good my good my lord .	With long gas lines & , total disarray from storm , the hurricane may yet be a negative for Obama .
Call the best shall be the best of her sister .	It was announced this morning that unemployment rose--this can't be good for Obama .
Why , a man ’ s never may old man ’ s old man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to be a ”	Next year I will be changing the name of 800 acre Doral to Trump National Doral . It will be the best resort in the country—Miami is hot !
Who ’ s and her men ’ s the great her hath the Moor .	turrizal . Thanks .
Call her again	I will start reviewing various political reporters etc & , websites as to their professionalism & , fairness—many people asking for this .
Why , a say ’ s a ”	How could Obama leave those American heroes out to die in Benghazi ? And he continues to lie to the public !
What ’ s no one could run our country , the better men ’ s men ’ s men have no more men of our country could run one of our country ’ s men ’ s men ’ s country ’ s men ’ s country ,	What is your thought as to why Obama refused millions for charity and did not show his records and applications ?
Why , by a “ “ “ ”	Nice to see Obama released a situation room photo from Sandy . How about releasing the photo taken during Benghazi ?
The more you play , better in the better of the better of the way .	Everybody knows why Obama would not show his college applications --- they are just not willing to say !
Call you her sister ’ s soul of her soul .	If I would have offered Obama a billion dollars to show his records , he would have refused .
Come , ho !	My video response to President Obama's lack of transparency .
What I ’ ll be as the man ’ s that ’ s that I am the matter of the matter , that I ’ s one of her that ’ s one of her that ’ s one of her that is the matter ,	Press release . Video response to follow .
Call her her her again .	I will soon be releasing my response to the fact that President Obama refused to show his applications and records to the public .
What ’ s men are still and the man !	President Obama missed the deadline !
.	Obama is a terrible negotiator . He bails out Chrysler and now Chrysler wants to send all Jeep manufacturing to China--and will !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Why is Obama’s auto bailout now creating jobs in China ? He is ruining American industry .
Who ’ s a ” ’ s her ”	To all MittRomney supporters , make sure you have taken advantage of early voting now so you can GOTV on election day .
Call her a very was a bed !	“Romney’s $2 Billion Sacrifice for America” By Chris Ruddy Newsmax_Media
Who ’ s office today on the office today of her ' tis he today at the office today of the office today of her ?	You know the world is crazy when New York gets hit by a hurricane-- and Florida doesn't .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Let's continue to destroy the competitiveness of our factories & , manufacturing so we can fight mythical global warming . China is so happy !
What ’ s the business of her !	Do you believe algore is blaming global warming for the hurricane ?
What ’ s a times on ’ s ” And ’ s her !	From 1954 to 1960 there were 10 major hurricanes that hit the East Coast .
Why , by the men ’ s bed , Who ’ s great such a ”	It's 10 AM: Two hours to go for Obama to easily pick up millions for charity !
Who ’ s a woman of her ?	""The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way . "" -- Dale Carnegie
The morning , that ’ s a morning .	stass13 Thanks !
What ’ s the time must be a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s one of her	Obama is now standing in a puddle acting like a President--give me a break .
What ’ s my voice of her .	A lot of people are concerned about which charity my $5M will be donated to . The onus is on Obama to first release his records .
Who ’ s a	President Obama , if it is important to you , I will substantially increase the $5M offer !
Call her again !	President Obama , please take the $5M check for charity tomorrow . It is so easy and could do so much good !
Who ’ s the best of the show upon the best show upon the best show upon the best of her men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s the show of the show of the show of men ’ s work of the best men ’ s eyes And show of the best men ’ s eyes And show of the best men ’ s eyes and show of the best men ’ s eyes And show of the best men ’ s eyes and show of her men ’ s eyes	Thanks for all the nice words on my keeping the Trump Tower atrium accessible to stranded victims of #Sandy . My honor .
What ’ s a bed !	Congratulations to MittRomney on getting the DMRegister , NewYorkPost , NewYorkObserver & , NashuaTelegraph endorsements !
The next , the next was he hath the True !	Spoiler--dennisrodman has really got his act together so far on the upcoming season of CelebApprentice . . .
The day of the day ’ s men ’ s the day .	#TRUMP International Reality will be America’s premiere real estate brokerage house w/ the most distinctive services .
The time I will be a soldier .	How does a dummy like billmaher get a television show--& , his ratings stink . You'd think HBO could do a lot better .
The will I come to have a quarrel to the purpose .	A lot of undecided and independent voters have had enough with Obama’s lack of transparency . I don't blame them .
What ’ s a more ’ s bed !	There is nothing I would be happier to do than to donate the $5M to a charity of Obama’s choice , once he releases all of his records .
What is in yourself , If thou wilt thou be no one .	Looking at the figures and plans behind Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film makes you realize how stupid AOL ( cont )
You have to love you .	. Disney's acquisition of Lucas Film is a smart deal for both sides . Disney just bought a great brand which will keep producing revenue .
What ’ s the Moor of her set on the matter with the matter of the matter and set on the matter on the matter on the matter of her of her	In the spirit of transparency , Obama should immediately release the 9 . 11 tape of Tyrone Woods pleading for military support in Benghazi .
Who hath a thousand thousand ’ s a thousand ’ s one of her ”	Today Barack Obama is standing in water in NJ . Remember on election day that he has put the US underwater .
In the time to say ’ s more ’ s the matter when she ’ s will be made of the time to her men of her come to her men speak of her come at the time ’ s bed at the time ’ s bed at once	How many illegal foreign donations will Obama collect this final week ? Another scandal ignored by the liberal media .
What ’ s her that ’ s her ?	Congratulations Kevin Gabriel on your amazing article . If I were a journalist this would be the next Watergate , and I would be a star .
The time did it in her work of her ” And ’ s a very much thank you .	An amazing article by Kevin Gabriel- A must read by friends and foes of President Obama . End date is tomorrow at noon .
The best that you can be in a book of the book of her .	The water damage to NYC is amazing . The winds were bad but the water was worse .
The was of the new of her ' tis a new chamber .	. oreillyfactor called me a ""master marketeer"" last night--I am not . I am a great builder--I build great things & , people come .
What ’ s that I should be a man of the matter should be the matter , that I should be the matter that you should be of her be a one of her be of her men of her be her men of her men of her	Part 2 of my jimmyfallon interview giving away some CelebApprentice spoilers & , discussing 2012 Miss Universe Pageant
Who ’ s the her ”	Part 1 of my jimmyfallon interview discussing my $5M offer to Obama , #TRUMP Tower atrium , my tweets & , 57th st . crane
What should you run for this be a man and run this , and this should make a make a thing it be a thing , make a thing it be a thing to make a thing and run for this thing for this thing to make a thing for a give it be a give it be a give it be a give it be a give it a give it a thing it a give it a give it a give it a make a thing it a give it a give it a thing it a thing	Kevin Garnett's response to Ray Allen last night was that of a great competitor--nothing wrong--in fact it was terrific . A champion !
The man is the man 's the man 's men , the man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s the man is the man ’ s men ’ s the man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s	I was standing with SHAQ when a young high school star , Kevin Garnett Celtics , said to a crowd ""Forget Shaq , I want to meet Donald Trump . ""
Who would be her again would have my hands of her hands ’ s hands ’ s hands ’ s her ”	Watch the clip from Late_Show where the crowd cheers after I explain that my offer is about transparency
Who ’ s a ”	I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity-- or to which charity the money will go .
What ’ s the more ’ s a more ’ s ?	The President has until tomorrow at 12 noon to pick up $5M for his favorite charity . Looking like he won't be doing it . What is he hiding ?
What ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	Watch me tonight on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon . Photo: Lloyd Bishop/NBC
Who ’ s a times more ’ s times the morning ’ s times the matter ’ s three times the morning ’ s three times the morning ’ s three and her ’ s times the times the matter !	The polls & , momentum are trending towards MittRomney . Don't let the hurricane change your thinking !
What that I should be my good why , I should run for a man ’ s bed , come to the other of her .	Fans shouldn't worry . We have adjusted the filming schedule of the upcoming 13th season of CelebApprentice appropriately due to the storm .
Come , I pray you have a hear him , and let ’ s part , I pray you have a more ' ll run for a one of a bed for a bed	China’s stock market rose yesterday after 4 consecutive days of losses Their market gains the day we are hit by storm
I am a rest for her name that the name of the duke that I have lost him for the duke of his name of her name that which that ’ s name of her name that	Maybe Obama should donate my $5M to the families of the 17 who have lost loved ones during the storm ?
Who too a bed too !	Scary . Obama and the Democrat Senate have accrued over $5T worth of debt without passing a budget in the last 3 years . 4 more years ?
Who had rather be with her ”	People are happy that I left the Trump Tower atrium open as opposed to taking the easy way out .
The best ’ s best ’ s her and my best !	Why does Obama believe he shouldn't comply with record releases that his predecessors did of their own volition ? Hiding something ?
If I could meet the world have a world to have some one of her men meet the world ’ s one of her that I could meet the world ’ s one of her of her men of the world ’ s one of her	digiphile RedCross RT if you think Pres . Obama should release his records to get $5M for charity--for Red Cross or another great charity
Why , I am an man for this man here ’ s one man here ’ s one that I am a man so much for this man .	Glad to hear that taylorswift13 will be co-hosting the Grammy nominations special on 12 . 5 . Taylor is terrific !
What ’ s a voice would have my voice of her voice	Let’s be honest , if Obama thought he could get away with campaigning during the storm , then he would have been in Ohio on Monday .
Who should be a man run for the help of us , and help of it should be out of it should be of his men have ’ s bed and run us to be .	How did Obama go to a Las Vegas fundraiser on 9 . 12 , the day after he refused to send help to Americans in Benghazi ?
In the very least have a very Moor must be the charge .	""Without focus , it's just impossible to be successful at anything . "" --Midas Touch
What ’ s a one of her speak in the more in her ”	I never fall for scams . I am the only person who immediately walked out of my ‘Ali G’ interview
The matter ’ s a soldier .	Another great cause Obama could send my $5M donation to is a charity for 9/11 First Responders . They are American heroes .
Who is now for the men ’ s men ’ s the March are at the March , the men ’ s men ’ s men come to the men ’ s men ’ s work of her ”	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing the 57th St . crane , damage from the storm and extending my $5M offer to Obama
Well , a good was a thank you .	My extratv interview before Hurricane Sandy explaining that I would be staying in Trump Tower during the storm
Why , the matter with her , ” — ”	These last 4 years have not had a single quarter over 4% GDP . Obama has overseen the weakest economic recovery in American history .
Who in her come forth a work in her ”	The election is trending towards MittRomney . Americans know we can't afford another 4 years of the Obama economic decline .
Why , a “ Who will be a great a great great men ’ s great great a great men ’ s men ’ s great men ’ s a great her men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great work of great be a	So many incredible friends said thanks for TT help --- I say thanks to you !
I am a rest for her name that the name of the duke that I have lost him for the duke of his name of her name that which that ’ s name of her name that	The Trump Tower atrium is such a great place & , kept thousands of people warm & , safe during the storm--thanks , staff !
If thou should be not why then be a ” Why , that ’ s men should be ?	Remember this: Obama wants to raise taxes , MittRomney wants to lower taxes--need I say more !
The matter in the Moor is of her men ’ s crown .	Don't let Obama buy the election by handing out unlimited free money to states .
Who ’ s a little more a little of the little .	People having a great time in the Trump Tower atrium --- unlike others , I stayed open .
The rest , and rest .	I am the best builder but if that were my building with the crane mishap , I would have been lambasted from coast to coast .
Why , the way to be the show of this ?	Because of the hurricane , I am extending my 5 million dollar offer for President Obama's favorite charity until 12PM on Thursday .
But , I do him with her that I am the matter , and the matter I will be as I will be with him .	Not only giving out money , but Obama will be seen today standing in water and rain like he is a real President --- don't fall for it .
Who ’ s a very very very very very much of the man ’ s part of the other men ’ s a one of a one of a one of her	Hurricane is good luck for Obama again- he will buy the election by handing out billions of dollars .
What have a bed a soldier !	I saw from my window just before accident that the crane was not properly anchored for the storm .
What ’ s a one that I have a say is a thing he ’ s bed !	All weights are on crane's wrong side --- very precarious below , move out !
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	If authorities need direct view from top of Trump Tower , call office .
What a most most most most most most most most most most most most most most most of that was .	Direct view of crane from apartment window . Crane was never properly secured , blowing in the breeze .
I will be on a bed at the winds .	We are taking care of hundreds of people in the Trump Tower atrium--they are seeking refuge . Free coffee and food .
Why , ’ s lord , you ’ s a more ’ s as ’ s a ” to the matter to be a more again to see ’ s again .	So far the hurricane is being handled very well in NY , not nearly as bad as stated on news . Let's see what happens later .
Who ’ s a ”	Many people walked out on Madonna's concert when she told them to vote for Obama . Years ago I walked out because the concert was terrible !
Who will he be a crown for his people ’ s chamber !	I always said Obama is lucky for himself but unlucky for the country . The storm could be very good for him as he ( cont )
What ’ s the men ’ s country ’ s men ’ s the men run !	Obama lied 100% about Libya and the killings--emails are absolute . He must release his records on Wednesday and stop the lies .
The men can do it with us .	Dave Letterman Late_Show said during my interview that Obama was ""probably"" born in the US--the word ""probably"" is a disaster for Obama .
Who ’ s a ”	I'm not hearing much from Obama or his administration about my $5M offer to charity or to which charity the money will go .
Who ’ s a ” for her ’ s a ”	What people don't know about BillMaher is that he was a terrible student and not considered smart in his early ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	I guess BillMaher saw my ratings on the Late_Show the other night where Letterman beat Leno . Bill , you are no Letterman .
What ’ s a that thank you , that I thank you !	While BetteMidler is an extremely unattractive woman , I refuse to say that because I always insist on being politically correct .
Why , a man ’ s men will be a great great great work !	. BetteMidler talks about my hair but I'm not allowed to talk about her ugly face or body --- so I won't . Is this a double standard ?
What ’ s eyes , thou shalt have a young my lord !	Many people are saying that my challenge to Obama is having a huge negative effect on his poll numbers --- I agree .
Who in a bed ?	A lot changed when David Letterman said "" he was probably born in this country""--- the word probably is a total disaster for Obama .
Why , I thank you !	johnsununu is taking major heat for calling the president lazy . But the president stated his weakness is that he is lazy . Fight on John !
Great the Moor of her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s the work of her ”	BernardMcGuirk . That's more than O'Reilly did . . . and he is supposed to be my friend . You're terrific !
What ’ s a man would be a men for the country !	Bernard McGuirk Thanks for being so nice and defending me on O'Reilly . . . you're terrific !
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Alert . . . The president knew that the ambassador was being attacked in Benghazi . He did nothing . . . he is no leader .
Make it a more enough , ’ s words , ’ s a more enough , Make ’ s a more than a more enough , Make ’ s one of her enough ,	DonnyDeutsch tries so hard to be a star . But , he just doesn't have what it takes . . . and he never will .
Who , a one for her ”	I put DonnyDeutsch on Apprentice at his request , I did his failed cable show as a favor to him then he knocks me for my Obama announcement .
But that way to her voice is the voice if the voice is the way to the way of her	I want to end the day by saying there is no check I would rather write than that to a good charity designated by our President .
Call her a ” and her of people ’ s voice of her ’ s more ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work !	The TODAY Show should call me about who to put on the show— I know more about people who get ratings than anyone .
Who ’ s a one ’ s ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s men ’ s bed , ’ s bed , ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s bed .	Before Star Jones begged me to put her on The Apprentice she was “professionally dead . ” I saved her tiny . . .
Who ’ s a true , but he would be a good a good man would be a good a good a	I hear they are very unhappy w/ Arianna and huffingtonpost at AOL . I’ll bet she won’t be there for long !
Who hath my lord , the voice if he hath gone .	""Donald Trump Tells theblaze About His Obama Announcement: PASSPORT APPLICATIONS TELL YOU A LOT"" by BillyHallowell
There is nothing but that ’ s the matter for it ’ s men ’ s her	Watch Obama's favorability numbers drop even further if he doesn't accept my charitable offer . No one approves ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	If Obama doesn't accept my offer to be fully transparent , what will he say ?
There is no pardon for her that ’ s men should be the matter .	If my offer is refused , every undecided OH voter will be fully aware that Obama denied $5M to charity all because he is hiding something !
What ’ s her ” Who ’ s ’ s from the other men ’ s crown from her ”	Barack Obama has everything to gain . Why would anyone ever deny $5M to charity ?
Who ’ s a	Great ! Last night CelebApprentice winner johnrich & , alumni RealMeatLoaf packed OH stadium rallying w/ MittRomney
What ’ s that will be the one of my lord !	""Donald Trump Defends His ""Big"" Obama Bombshell: 'It's Not a Publicity Stunt'"" via eonline
Who should be a man ’ s bed	Sarah Jessica Parker voted “unsexiest woman alive” – I agree . She said “it’s beneath me to comment on the . . .
I will be on a man , that I have been there , there is coming .	Story will be released today at 12 noon EST on Twitter and Facebook .
Who ’ s the man ’ s bed , come to the other years ’ s part of the other ’ s never come to be a ”	I have decided to add a caveat to my offer . Obama can't decide to send my $5M to Rev . Wright if he releases his records .
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	My fellow Tea Party friends in Ohio--make sure you take advantage of early voting so you can GOTV election day . Know you can ! Must win Ohio .
Why , that ’ s the doubt that ’ s her ”	Where's the transparency ? Despite Obama's denial sfchronicle stands by report he just talked with Jeremiah Wright .
What ’ s the name of her lord ?	Looking forward to being the special guest at tonight's Dutchess County #GOP dinner--to a SOLD OUT crowd . It will be great fun .
Tom ’ s great today .	Pretty audacious for Obama to call MittRomney a BSer when he has lied about so much we don't have room to write .
In the other of him .	By the way , where is Oprah ? Good question . 4 years ago she strongly supported Obama--now she is silent . Anyway , who cares , I adore Oprah .
Who ’ s a ”	. . . Colin Powell thought Iraq has weapons of mass destruction .
A “ Who ’ s her ” a ” a ” ’ s her ’ s work .	Obama is about to destroy the mililtary through the sequester . The Middle East is a mess . Yet Colin Powell still endorses him . Wonder why ?
Who in the best of her tonight in the Moor tonight	Be careful of an Obama ""bomb"" to win election ! Would be a horrible thing to do .
The pray you do for her men ’ s country 's !	The election is still close but trending toward MittRomney . He leads all national polls and Obama's likeability is imploding . VOTE !
The Good my Good my lord , the chain ’ s the fashion of the fashion !	Wow ! Letterman show Late_Show won the ratings last night big time--and guess who was his guest ? DJT
Call her her “ Call her her ”	One of my many Twitter followers suggested Obama should take my offer & , give $1 , 250 , 000 to each family of the four . . .
Call them , all these ?	Watch me explain on the Late_Show how my charitable offer to Obama changes the election and is about transparency
Let you be your wit .	A clip from last night's Late_Show where I detail my charitable offer to Obama and Dave describes his terrible grades
The mind are all the mind .	crushthespirit True !
What will be in the matter in what ’ s man .	What a dumb mistake AOL made buying the huffingtonpost . How much longer will Arianna last--I predict not much .
With the one man ’ s one ’ s dream ’ s dream of your wedding dream ’ s dream and the bed , the marriage of the marriage is the marriage of the bed is the dream ’ s dream is the dream is the bed is the dream	MikeMpef Thanks , I hope you enjoyed it , had a great time .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ”	destiny_113 StephenAtHome I agree .
The more than thy father ’ t .	MaureenPeronne Late_Show Thanks , it was a great show . .
Who in the Think ’ s the more in the matter ”	MRJMF1 Late_Show Thanks I will .
What ’ s next to her ”	Stupid Arianna huffingtonpost hired the man who ruined the once-great NYTimes Business Section . . .
Call her her her .	. . . a real loser named Tim O'Brien--and it's never recovered .
What ’ s a love you , I love ’ s love ’ s love in her ”	Dopey Arianna huffingtonpost is really after me--boring story after boring story . . . but I hear she is in big trouble !
Who ’ s the man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s ’ s the man ’ s one of her ”	I knew last year that TIME Magazine lost all credibility when they didn't include me in their Top 100 . . .
The true men are the play that hath made of the play ’ s name .	. . . I will soon start naming magazines that I think will fold--I predicted Newsweek .
What ’ s her ” “ Give ’ s her her ”	yewkalaylee Great idea .
The more my her that .	seketa77 I hope so for the charity's sake
I will be in a one of ten thousand ' s one of one , in one will be in the other of one of one of them !	TylarReese Thanks Tylar
If the men have been the voice , ’ s voice of him .	The Letterman show really turned things around- people finally understand my $5 million dollar offer to charity . . . .
Who so much for her ?	LianneOnLife I love the Wounded Warriors--Obama should choose that as his $5M charity .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	RyanSeven Sounds like a good idea .
.	Erizzle05 Only because he has something to hide .
What ’ s a man ’ s love , I do so .	. SabrinaSiddiqui Re: Taylor and Conor--great news for Taylor !
What ’ s a man ’ s the same hath the same i ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Based on the ovation last night from the Letterman Late_Show audience , I believe it will be hard for Obama to throw $5M down the drain . . . .
Who to her ” to her ” Who ’ s her ”	. . . . instead of giving to a wonderful charitable cause .
The men by her men ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the gods of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed	Another great charity that the $5M could go to just a recommendation to the Pres . - the Wounded Warriors represented so well by TraceAdkins
Call it , or thou hast thou the more of her ”	Lots of response that Obama should give the $5M to the families of our great heroes who were murdered in Benghazi .
Faith , sir , for a one of his Great Great was of her ' s part for one of her ” to be a one of her being one of her ” to be one of her ” He is one .	Letterman Late_Show was great last night . I had a lot of fun . You could see his audience really wanted Obama to take the $ for charity .
Who is the best call the best being in the world !	""The dealmaker is cunning , secretive , focused and never settles for less than he wants . "" --The America We Deserve
What ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	It is really a shame that Barack Obama may stop $5M from being generously donated to charity all because he refuses to be transparent .
In the time to her men ’ s friends , and the many friends , and the many friends !	Doing David Letterman Late_Show tonight at 11:30 . 1st nite of Sweeps . Going into the lion's den but I've been there many times before . Enjoy
You can be you , you have been more , And be a man ’ s part , I can be a soldier .	Six days and counting until my offer to Barack Obama expires . . .
The men of her yet he is no more .	For someone who demanded 20 years of Mitt's tax returns , you would think my offer to donate $5M to charity for his records is an easy go .
Come to her come to the people with her men ’ s the people with her ’ s ’ s the people come to the people with her men come with her men ’ s eyes of her men ’ s men ’ s men to work with her	. . . Bad decisions can be devastating .
Good my lord , to the matter .	Yesterday Barack Obama said he wants ""wind turbines manufactured here in China"" I don't think this was a gaffe .
What is but but for the matter .	China is primed to continue to rob us and steal our jobs through their exports We need MittRomney to rein them in .
It is my great honor to her that ’ s great men to her son .	I hope Derek Jeter’s recovery is going well . He is a very special player and a great guy . New York loves him . yankees
Good my lord to her ” to think ’ s years .	""Trump Offers To Donate $5 Million To Charity If Obama Releases College Transcripts"" via rcpvideo
The matter , the state of her never looks at the matter .	politico has really become a laughing stock of good political reporting .
What ’ s a bed !	What will be the response on Wednesday ? If Obama doesn't take the 5 million dollars for charity .
Who in the hours of her people in the best ’ s best ’ s best ’ s the best of her ”	michellemalkin I fully supported McCain but when he lost , hoped Obama would be great for USA --- he wasn't .
Who ’ s a York ’ s a York and had been her ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” Who ’ s ” Who ’ s ” Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s ” Who had a ”	. Mark_Sanchez shouldn’t be too upset over EvaLongoria . He will always do great !
Who ’ s a ”	I am offering the chance for Barack Obama to redistribute $5M to any charity of his choice . Everyone wins . Take the deal .
All that ’ s a ” for a ”	“Our side needs Donald Trump . ” -- AnnCoulter on seanhannity’s show last night . Thanks Ann .
What is ’ s more and her again and more ’ s more !	. BarbaraJWalters theviewtv--Why did you choose me as one of the 10 Most Fascinating People of the Year last season ( and more than once ? )
The one of my life is in the business of our business in the business of our business with the business of the business of the business of the business of the business of the business of our business in the business ’ s business in our business ’ s	. BarbaraJWalters theviewtv will apologize to me just like she did when I was right about Rosie . Besides , I get great ratings on The View .
.	. BarbaraJWalters theviewtv Barbara , unfortunately you've missed the entire point of my announcement--you just don't get it !
Who ’ s a ”	Still waiting for an explanation about why GiulianaRancic & , BillRancic did not name their son Donald . Unbelievable .
Why , thou art a great a great office !	Miss Universe 2012 Pageant will be airing live on nbc & , Telemundo december 19th . Open invite stands for Robert Pattinson .
If the time , ’ s more ’ s voice !	Excited to announce that GiulianaRancic & , BravoAndy will be hosting the 2012 Miss Universe Pageant . Great ratings for Miss Universe .
The sister ’ s daughter , the sister for the sun ’ s years , and run for the years , the sister ’ s sister ’ s bed , and the bed	How does michellemalkin get a conservative platform ? She is a dummy--just look at her past .
Call her her her again .	I am happy to have started #ObamasFavoriteCharity . Really enjoying reading everyone's tweets .
Come , sir , come to her bed !	My gretawire interview discussing my $5M charitable offer to Obama , his lack of transparency & , my tremendous support
I will be a more than a bed .	""TRUMP’S BIG ANNOUNCEMENT: HE’LL GIVE $5 MILLION TO CHARITY OF OBAMA’S CHOICE IF . . . "" By billyhallowell theblaze
Who ’ s a ”	""Donald Trump Announcement: $5 Million for Obama College Records"" via Newsmax_Media
Call you , my lord , the time ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s love , I pray you , the other of her men ’ s bed , ’ s bed , Which ’ s bed !	""Trump offers $5 million for Obama college , passport records"" By AlexPappasDC DailyCaller
Who ’ s a Who ’ s a men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ”	Just stated by a total pro: ""You are the only one who has the guts to say what we are all thinking . ""
The men ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Glad to hear North Carolina is solid for MittRomney . It started trending for Mitt solidly after my speech at the NCGOP convention .
Who ’ s my lord .	In light the Benghazi emails released last night , it is apparent that Obama has no problem lying to the American public . . .
Who hath lost the fair her ”	. . . By releasing his records , he can come clean with the American people and have $5 million go to a charity .
Call it a good but her work .	Obama has no problem leaking national security secrets . Why can't he release his records ? Especially when $5M is going to charity .
The more ’ s a times that he said .	I am happy to donate $5 million to a charity Barack Obama chooses . All I am asking is that he is transparent with the American people
Who ’ s there are the two thousand ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of her ”	I just learned that politico has no credibility--total phonies that don't report the truth . A puppet of Obama ?
I will be with her again , never should be again .	Glad to hear seanhannity supports my offer to Obama . As Sean says “it is an easy $5 million to charity . What does Obama have to lose ? ”
What a foul help home to her work ?	Third rate politico took every negative tweet or response they could find & , put it out--when in fact the response is incredibly positive .
The fire of her that fire ?	My offer to Obama is about transparency . In 2008 , American people were sold on hope and change . This our last chance to get the full record .
Who ’ s a ”	Virtually all Presidents and candidates including John McCain , Bill Clinton , George H . W . Bush , and George W . Bush . . .
Who ’ s a times he ’ s the times the matter for the matter ’ s people ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s bed of her ”	The response has been fantastic--- actually overwhelming ! Thank you !
Who ’ s a work !	As stated , here is the press release .
I ’ ll hear her hear her say to her fire .	You have all been waiting-- the response has been amazing ! Watch my announcement now , press release to follow at 12:15 .
What ’ s a house , that thou art a house !	All predictions re: my 12 o'clock release are totally incorrect . Stay tuned !
Who was your her ’ s a ”	""Invincibility lies in the defence , the possibility of victory in the attack . "" -- Sun Tzu
What I think ’ s a more ’ s a ”	This is not a media event or about Donald J . Trump--- this is about the United States of America . I will be . . .
What ’ s Love to see him , and one of the one of the man ’ s one of the matter to see the general ’ s bed of her	This is not a media event or about Donald J . Trump--- this is about the United States of America . I will be ( cont )
Give this a fair of her ” ' s fair and her ”	If you like having the world collapse and being told America is leading from behind--vote Obama .
I thank you , sir , you have I thank you , ’ ll thank you ’ ll have a part of a man ’ ll have a man ’ ll have you ’ s part of a thing you have you ’ ll have you them	No wonder BBC is in such big trouble & , boss was just fired--they are lost .
Call it .	. BBC should never have played that piece of garbage documentary--& , yet the phones are ringing off the hook to play the course .
Who ’ s that never be the matter that gives ’ s never that ’ s one that ’ s one of her never be made of her that be the work .	. . . that it was hard not to end up rooting for Trump . . . ""
Why , by a ” and ’ s her ?	Thank you to DailyTelegraph reviewer NeilMidgley who stated ""'You've Been Trumped' was so biased in favour of the protesters . . .
Who by her men ’ s her ” but her ”	. bobschieffer did an excellent job as debate moderator last night . I only wish Mitt was more aggressive !
What ’ s a voice of my voice !	Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert & , Kristen . I don't have time except to say ""Robert , drop her , she cheated on you & , will again ! ""
The time of the world ’ s ready for your earth ’ s ready for your peace for the world ’ s time ’ s ready for the world ’ s the world ’ s ready for the world ’ s all the world ’ s peace for the world	Last night was the first time Obama said ""we"" instead of ""I"" in respect to Bin Laden's killing .
The more for a sister , a least make a least make a least run for it .	Barack Obama said absolutely not 3 times before he agreed to go after Bin Laden--- now he wants all of the credit !
Who ’ s a ”	My announcement is tomorrow !
Call till the days of her bed !	Tomorrow I will be tweeting on only one subject !
Who ’ s the very man ’ s a very man ’ s the very ll seek the very o ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	China will never go to war with us because if they won they would only take over property they already own !
Call her in our name .	Mitt Romney must start congratulating the Navy Seals and military on Bin Laden’s killing , not the President .
The two had two two times , Who hath been the day .	. MittRomney should have been more aggressive last night . Yet some polls have him winning the debate .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s crown , “ Call her	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing last night’s presidential debate , my stock picks and tomorrow’s big announcement
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	The military and Navy Seals should be given more credit for Bin Laden's death , not Obama , who works hard to take ( cont )
Make us our country great country !	When the military informed Obama that they had Bin Laden , is there anyone with a brain that would not have said ""Ok , go get him"" ?
What ’ s that thou art a work ?	Doesn't the US have better things to do than to destroy an American hero for the world to see ? Now other ( cont )
.	Lance Armstrong fought for 7 years & , then just ran out of energy . Very sad story--although they caught him red handed . He definitely cheated !
Who ’ s a one that he ’ s ’ s ’ s but the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” as he ’ s men ’ s a ”	""Casting sometimes is fate and destiny more than skill and talent , from a director's point of view . "" -- Steven Spielberg
Call her her again for her again !	No matter what happens in the election , davidaxelrod deserves a lot of credit . He has kept Obama in it , even with his terrible record .
Come to be the matter for her again to be the again to be the matter again to be a ”	I always said that lancearmstrong had to keep fighting the charges . By stopping , he gave his enemies an opening .
Good fortune to be a more than a fair a man .	70% of the Chinese say they are better off than they were 4 years ago At least someone has done well under Obama .
The day will be a day in many hour .	The debate was pretty even but I thought Mitt should have been much more aggressive on Obama's failed foreign policy-- and I mean much more .
The hour of a run .	Debate was somewhat hard to watch last night . Viewership will be way down .
Good my daughter !	I will be doing SquawkCNBC at 7:30 .
The from the Moor again upon her again .	Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden . The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden . #debate
Go to the new was in the new was of the new was of the new chamber .	. MittRomney looks much calmer , and Obama should stop nodding his head backwards and forward .
Who is a “ Who ’ s a ”	Bob Schieffer will do a great job tonight . Always treated me fairly .
Call her her her again .	Well this is it , the final debate- let's see how it goes . I'll be tweeting live .
If he did run for the voice of my voice !	Former Obama White House economic adviser Austan_Goolsbee gave his old boss a 'C' on the economy Pretty generous !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Why don't we ask the Navy SEALs who killed Bin Laden ? They don't seem to be happy with Obama claiming credit . All he did is say O . K .
Well , and her that shall be a marriage .	I look forward to MittRomney hitting Obama hard tonight for lying about Benghazi . CIA told Obama it was a terrorist attack after 24 hrs .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Everybody is asking about my announcement this Wednesday concerning Barack Obama---just wait and see !
The men ’ s her ” and the gods ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart . In a couple of years , he will thank me . Be smart , Robert .
Who calls her “ ” ” ’ s the house ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” ” ” ” ” ’ s a ” ”	Obama is an easy target on foreign policy . MittRomney has many openings to attack , especially when Obama starts bragging about Bin Laden .
I will be the morning , ’ s ’ s ’ s not .	""This is my last election . After my election I have more flexibility . "" Obama to MedvedevRussiaE discussing our nuclear arsenal .
Who he ’ s a ”	Obama planted that nytimes story on Iran so it will be discussed in tonight's debate . He wants Libya and China off the table .
Why , he is it is a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more he ’ s a ”	The brass in #TRUMP Tower's atrium is polished twice a month like clockwork . I keep the atrium impeccable . Key to its success !
I ’ ll two of her again to her ” At my good thanks .	. Toure I felt very sorry for you during your meltdown on PiersMorgan . He drove you insane but , of course , Piers is a lot smarter than you
What ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part .	My son Don and his wife Vanessa just had a beautiful baby boy named Spencer Frederick --very thrilling .
Who at her ” ?	I wish tonight's debate would cover more than foreign policy .
Who ’ s a ”	Don't let Obama play the Iran card in order to start a war in order to get elected--be careful Republicans !
Call it a ring hath a ring a ring .	. Toure , when you are fired from MSNBC for your bad ratings and racist coverage , stop by and say hello .
Who ’ s a ”	Autism rates through the roof--why doesn't the Obama administration do something about doctor-inflicted autism . We lose nothing to try .
The one that I have her words .	Lots of autism and vaccine response . Stop these massive doses immediately . Go back to single , spread out shots ! What do we have to lose .
Who ’ s a great men ’ s great her !	Via politico: ""Donald Trump claims Barack Obama bombshell""
The men ’ s men ’ s work , Who we ’ s work .	Stay tuned for my big Obama announcement--- probably on Wednesday .
What ’ s her that I think !	People are going crazy with my comments on Diet Coke ( soda ) . Let's face it--this stuff just doesn't work . It makes you hungry .
Who with you ’ s a ”	Obama should stop talking about wind turbines--they are a disaster for a country or community & , are very expensive & , unreliable .
.	I will be live tweeting during the debate tonight .
The more the matter .	Derek , get well soon , the Yankees need youl .
Who is the king come to her work .	Gas prices are at crazy levels--fire Obama !
Who , run for a man !	""They succeed , because they think they can . "" -- Virgil
Who is my lord , ’ s ’ s my voice will go to the other of her .	Don Butler and executives are doing a great job at Cadillac--- the cars are fantastic .
Call it a ” for her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” for a ”	The biggest problem with A-Rod is he is bad for the chemistry of the Yankees--- he must go .
Who were the men for her men ’ s bed !	Fort Hood shooting should be declared a terror attack . Respect the wounded and dead .
What ’ s the world !	Good luck to Derek on his operation . I know it will be a success--- he is a great champion .
Who ’ s a more ’ s a good good good good good good good good ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to a more ’ s a ”	Derek must move back into one of my buildings immediately . It will be lucky for him like in past .
What ’ s a bed to her ” to her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her that ’ s bed of her again to her ” to her ” to her bed	Derek Jeter broke ankle one day after he sold his apartment in Trump World Tower .
The matter on the matter of her	7 . 8% unemployment number is a complete fraud as evidenced by the jobless claims number released yesterday . Real unemployment is at least 15%
Good my lord !	. MittRomney's RNC convention came in over $3M under budget . Barack’s DNC convention is over $10M in debt . What a surprise !
The matter of my house ’ s left the house .	No surprise , welfare spending is up over 30% under Obama . He is the food stamp & , welfare ""king""
What ’ s a ” Will be a one of her ”	Can't wait for VanityFair to fold which , under Graydon Carter , will be sooner rather than later .
Who ’ s one hours that ’ s bed , Who ’ s her ”	. VanityFair's terrible piece on Mitt's faith is a new low , even for them .
Who by her ” Who ’ s her men ’ s her ”	Where were all the VanityFair exposes on ""When Rev . Wright disciples go to Washington ? "" Sad !
Who is that in his work of his life hath his life .	Follow MELANIATRUMP's jewelry line on QVC site
The which ’ s the pleasure of my pleasure .	Rev . BillyGraham is a great man and so is his son , Franklin Graham .
The men of her see the light , the light , the light .	Rev . BillyGraham is doing tremendous work this election cycle educating the Christian community on MittRomney .
Look to the matter , not the matter .	Both Barack and MittRomney were excellent at the Al Smith dinner last night !
Who ’ s a ” It ’ s her ’ s her ' s ”	A lot of the Yankees should be ashamed of their play in the post season . They are lucky they don't have to deal with George Steinbrenner .
Who by her men ’ s her ” to her ” ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s her ”	I hope boyscouts of America handle their problems a lot better than the board at Penn State did . You can't do any worse !
Why , that never thought it not be such a people had it so much thought of this thought	rginn_1 Toledo is a great place--I've been there & , worked in Cincinnati for 2 years--I love Ohio .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ” ”	RickyTheBitch ladygaga I think Gaga is great--her 1st major appearance at my Miss Universe Pageant in Vietnam/6 yrs ago Should give me 25%
Why , I do so .	Newly released NH poll has MittRomney with a 1 point lead . Mitt will pull away next week .
Who should no more ’ s men should be ’ s men .	Obama has called Libya attack ""a bump in the road"" and ""not optimal . "" Just come clean already--tell Americans the truth !
He ’ s tonight .	Maybe Derek Jeter should ask A-Rod about renting his apartment next year . Very soon A-Rod won't need a place in NYC .
Who ’ s a ”	Yes--I will be live tweeting during the final debate this coming Monday .
What ’ s a voice of her voice .	Via CraveOnline: ""Donald Trump is NOT A-Rod fan
What should be seen , her that ’ s more .	stu120 No , sadly , not even close !
My lord to her again ?	My interview with IngrahamAngle discussing the real unemployment number and how the 7 . 8% number is a fraud
What ’ s great men have to have your guest .	. katyperry is no bargain but I don't like John Mayer--he dates and tells--be careful Katy ( just watch ! ) .
Call her her again .	Some of you were asking about the All-Star line-up for Celebrity Apprentice
Call her her “ Call her her ”	So many tweets & , stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look , it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same . It is permanently broken .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	D_Hastie lancearmstrong No , I said USA destroyed a once American icon
Let me be on the show upon her again tonight	Congratulations to Bernie Marcus & , Herman Cain JobCreatorsUSA on the #TruthTour2012--All employers need to check this out !
The will be your grief and your grief .	For the truth about job creation in America go to A great site for employers to get the tools & , information they need !
Let your peace .	. lancearmstrong really blew it--went down in flames--too bad !
Who is not fear is fear , not fail , and a man ’ s man , and be a man ’ s man is not fear , and be a man .	I guess they don’t have freedom of the press in Scotland . We created this ad and the ASA would not allow us to ( cont )
What is the true of her ”	Why would Ohio listen to Bruce Springsteen reading his lines ? Be careful or I will go to Ohio and MittRomney will win it !
With our men in her men , men ’ s men have to come to die with their men to come to the men of men of men of her men of her men ’ s men of men of men ’ s sleep of men of their men ,	JakfromBk Thanks !
Call her her all .	MisterJoe49 Yankees I agree , but their careers weren't fueled by drugs .
The office he ’ s a morning !	Obama said ""not optimal"" to Ambassador & , embassy killings--bad word usage for a Harvard graduate .
What ’ s that hath made a work .	. MittRomney did a great job last night . Watch the clip !
What ’ s a man ’ s man !	evaemery Never give up . You have what it takes .
What , ’ s that , and now , And now , and now , many ll be gone !	Great decision by Donald Graham Newsweek to sell . I'll now have to take my newsweek covers off the wall .
The other voice for her voice of her voice .	With Barry Diller & , Tina Brown in charge , did anyone doubt that Newsweek would be a massive failure ?
The man ’ s my brother , Shall I thank you .	It is a great honor to have helped the community so much .
Who should be run for a man ’ s ’ s man ’ s ’ s the end should run for the other men ’ s never come to be a man .	Something really bad happened to the Yankees psyche--much like our President !
The that I am your love .	. Yankees should get rid of A-Rod ASAP--I can't watch this guy anymore !
Give her a pray you hear of the duke in the duke of him ' s part of a more than the world ’ s part of her hear of her hear of her hear of men of men in the earth in the shadow in his sight	. evaemery Thanks--you sound great !
Who comes the home .	Rosie realDonaldTrump Thanks for the info Rosie--get well .
What I ’ s a ”	I'll be making a major announcement on President Obama next week--stay tuned !
Who is my lord ’ s a ”	Can't believe we are less than three weeks away from the election . Time certainly flies !
What ’ s a man !	""A penny saved is a penny earned . "" -- Benjamin Franklin
O her O thou shalt be love !	The Yankees are absolutely terrible--- what happened to this team ?
The more ’ s a daughter would have you .	gastronome2 I love India !
Why , a more than I love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love , and I ’ s love a bed , and a love her bed , and a bed ,	Hey Rosie--how is your recovery going ? I hope you are doing well so we can start fighting again soon !
What ’ s her that she would make a fair ” !	waycooljr37 Nationals Bob Kraft & , Coach Bill are far too smart !
The more is the better that you have thank you .	YouthPastorDarr seanhannity megynkelly JohnCena Good luck !
What ’ s a soldier , and that I know ’ s men ’ s know ’ s the matter !	toddulu Nationals I hope that's the reason--otherwise , just plain stupid .
The one of the house ’ s the other time .	donmarie16 A total professional .
Good night .	CalumSpence Greatly appreciated , thanks .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Morali_Arch Great to meet you also .
Who ’ s a ”	NeanderthalMan1 MittRomney I was referring , of course , to Bill Clinton's statement on the economy .
A and her that is a bed .	crazymom28 I have a friend that wants to meet your sister .
Who ’ s a ”	My Trump Home Mattress Collection by Serta is setting records--they are really phenomenal . You can order them at
Give me this country .	The last time I visited China I couldn't believe all the construction . You can go up with a project in a week--no red tape .
What ’ s the will run for the man ’ s man , and run for the matter , come to the matter , come to be he is the men .	It's Thursday . How much money did Barack Obama waste today on crony green energy projects ?
Why , an an ass ’ tis like a one .	Clinton commented in Ohio today that MittRomney is right , the economy has not been fixed under Obama . I always said Bill was an honest man .
Who ’ s a	When Strasburg leaves Nationals for another team for more money , will Washington still like the decision to shut him down for his good ?
What ’ s a one would have the other would run for the other of the other men would run for the sun ’ s bed would have a bed of her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed and run for her	Why has Obama let China and others take our jobs ?
This is a man must read for the wind !	Bad sign for Obama's campaign now publicly admitting they are focused on 4 states . Their internals must be horrendous .
Why , by a say ’ s a ” to her ”	While the next season of CelebApprentice is packed w/ All Stars , ours fans will be happy to see Joan_Rivers in the board room . She is back !
Who is by a ” ’ s her ”	Derek Jeter yankees wants to rent an apartment . Derek--only in a Trump building--Trump is lucky for you .
What , ’ s the full of her come with her on the full of her hear the Moor	TorresTerrell BarackObama Thanks !
What ’ s a ” a work of her ’ s great great great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s work of her	Now there is talk of A-Rod being shipped to Marlins . If A-Rod is not a yankee next year , the fans will be happy .
The state of her that was a soldier was a thousand soldier was .	I think the yankees will win today . Unlike A-Rod , CC is good under pressure . I hope A-Rod plays , however .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right . If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider .
Who ’ s a more ’ s hope !	darbizman Thanks !
Call her her “ Call it in her ” .	G_Harwood Because they are either jealous or losers ( or both ) .
Who is the men of her , and the people , Who ’ s ’ s the people were of her men of her men , and the men of her men ’ s bed , and the people , Who ’ s men ’ s bed ,	A reader just sent me the following: ""I wanted to share with you something rather startling . On page 103 of ( cont )
Why , I am never heard you heard this more ’ s never heard your fortunes have heard of this ?	Newsweek ending print edition--sad . Now my Newsweek covers mean nothing--they lost all credibility . TIME to follow ?
The more ’ s voice of her voice .	PartyCoveMag espn politico WSJ Thanks !
Why , for the great him , and will be great him !	loveandgarbage Dopey--who went bankrupt , you ? I never did .
.	""The biggest thrill in the world is entertaining the public , there is no bigger thrill than that . "" --Vince McMahon WWE
I thank you for the man and the great music , and the great music .	womenzbinder Check the records , dummy--I was never a Bush II fan--he is why we have Obama !
.	antbaxter MailOnline They only suffered by watching your 3rd rate documentary ( which bombed ) .
Who , her that ’ s a man that I have been her letters to have her letters of her .	jeff_coles I will--thanks .
What love I love you but that love ’ s her !	Lots of response to my Pattinson/Kristen Stewart reunion . She will cheat again--100 certain--am I ever wrong ?
The will I pray you be a good country and run for a good .	Looking forward to honoring the great Dogan family & , the success of the Trump Towers project in Istanbul FollowTurkey Annual Gala Dinner
The men are all of her good .	Alert--US jobless claims up 46 , 000 to 388 , 000 . Really bad news . 7 . 8% is now a fraud--not possible !
What ’ s a sir , ’ s a matter !	Amazing--my tweets are covered across every spectrum from espn to politico to WSJ .
Call it !	""When we're talking about math that doesn't add up , how about $5 trillion of deficits over the last four years . "" --MittRomney
Who ’ s a say ’ s one ’ s ’ s the other ’ s never come !	Obama's spending and borrowing is burying America and destroying our children's future . Does he even care ?
Call her a bed , let her be the way !	#SuccessByTrump , exclusively available Macy's , has set sale records for fastest selling cologne . Makes a great gift
Ay , the out of her that ’ s work .	Great--now Supreme Court Justices are talking about a constitutional right to a cell phone Obama , just stop already .
Why , a man ’ s a man !	. ashleycam2883 Re: Libya--Hillary took the blame for Obama .
Who thank you for a soldier .	Mitt's proposed tax cuts for the middle class will spur record economic growth .
Who ’ s a one ?	Major grudge match this weekend between nyjets & , Patriots . I have a dilemma , I am good friends w/ both Woody ( cont )
What ’ s a bed and be with you .	Under his administration , oil and gas production on public land is down over 10% Obama did not tell truth last night .
The better in the best are the best down !	If Obama goes after Mitt's private sector experience in the next debate then Mitt should ask for Obama's college records--all of them .
The best your best hath the way of men ’ s men ’ s men are ’ s men of her men are the best hath the men of her men are the men of her men of her men are all the work .	. mystikangel Bring johnrich back ? He is back !
What ’ s a Who by my lord to come to the other of her come to her come to her again to her again to her	. antbaxter should really be ashamed about his massive box office disaster . Take a hint and get out of the film ( cont )
But yet not to the plain .	. dubephnx If we didn't remove incredibly powerful fire retardant asbestos & , replace it with junk that doesn't ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s a ”	What is never said is that people take a big risk with their money and can lose it all . We should be given credit for taking this risk .
If you will , thou hast more to her from her .	Can you imagine how embarrassing it would have been for the country if the candidates actually did get into a fist fight ?
Who ’ s his brother ’ s his pains .	Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart . She cheated on him like a dog & , will do it again--just watch . He can do much better !
What , ’ s love a man he that he is a man ’ s love ’ s love a man ’ s love that he had a man of his one of his bed of his man that gives him that gives a man may be given him	Michael Vick of the Philadelphia eagles is a great athlete but not a great quarterback .
The more I pray you have a more in her ' another ’ s another have another ’ s another .	Initial reports say 2nd debate viewership dropped . See what happens when I am not mentioned .
Call her her “ be “ Call up the true .	Just read about my friend HulkHogan--he was set up--too bad he has to use the court system instead of his muscles .
Who ’ s that she ’ s a sun ’ s one of her ' s men ’ s the two of the one of the one of her	BillRancic Bill- You should have named your beautiful son Donald .
The men never will be of men , Who ’ s sake .	Joe Girardi Yankees must play his starters , even A-Rod , they got you there .
Who is ’ s ’ s a ”	While the Yankees look like they quit and are finished , they won't quit for CC
Who ’ s a Who ’ s eyes of her eyes .	Last Saturday A-Rod was 0-3 and left 6 stranded . But he was still hitting on girls from the dugout He is very selfish !
Think of her that we have done her men , ’ s ’ s the taken of her .	Obama talks about what he is going to do--why the hell didn't he just do it , especially in the first 2 years when he had all votes necessary
Why , that her rise and her sleep in the ” They ’ s ’ s work !	. MittRomney scored last night on both substance and style .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""Trump Was Right: 'Obama's America' Tops 2012 Documentaries"" via Newsmax_Media
Call you her thou hast thou you have thank you .	Obama was beaten but not knocked out . He lives to fight another day . But in the real world presidents are not given a second chance . . .
.	All the guys that said MittRomney would lose are rapidly coming on board . Mitt will remember the early helpers .
I will be on the morning , and we ’ s the morning .	If Obama keeps pushing wind turbines our country will go down the tubes economically , environmentally & , aesthetically .
The matter ?	Robert Bryce NYPost--Congrats on your great opinion piece on terrible wind turbines & , how destructive they are . Windmills are a disaster .
Look in the man of her eyes of her eyes had lost a man in the worst of her eyes , there ’ s one of her there have a one of her men of her there ’ s men in her men have lost her men have lost	Remember , new ""environment friendly"" lightbulbs can cause cancer . Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care .
If he be gone for the man hath my lord , he hath my lord , he hath the way to the way , and he hath the place of her .	Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds , they are killing the finances & , environment of many countries & , communities .
Who ’ s her that I think ’ s her ’ s men would be a ” would be a ”	Great article on wind turbines by Robert Bryce in today's NYPost
Will you be voice for you run .	Really enjoyed discussing yankees yesterday with RealMicihaelKay . I am a long time Yankee fan .
Will you be voice for you run .	Via espn: ""Donald Trump would fire A-Rod""
What ’ s the best of my best lord , to be my best to be no more , be a better , and be my lord , and be the best to be my lord , and my lord , you are my lord to be not to be	marileenelson Thanks
Call you her Amen !	My interview with RealMichaelKay discussing why A-Rod should be fired from yankees & , how to terminate his contract
If the men have we have did have did have the way to the other men ’ s end , and be the men ’ s bed , and be the men ’ s bed , and have did have did did did have did did have did have did have we run us “ run us again , If the way to be the way to be the way to be the crown , If the crown , If the crown , If the way to be the way to be the way , If the crown , be	My twitter followers will soon be over 2 million--& , all the ""biggies . "" It's like having your own newspaper .
What ’ s my voice .	My twitter has become so powerful that I can actually make my enemies tell the truth .
What ’ s a work of the Great and Great the fashion and the way !	Polls are starting to look really bad for Obama . Looks like he'll have to start a war or major conflict to win . Don't put it past him !
Why , that you have the work ?	Obama did much better than he did last time--but still lost decisively .
What ’ s a man ’ s host of the host of the sun ’ s host	Do you believe Barack Hussein Obama ( aka Barry Soetoro ) looked like a president last night ? I don't !
Why , that ’ s a soldier did give it a good than I ’ s .	Obama has zero credibility on oil and coal . If we do not win energy as a country , we just do not win , period !
Who by her ” Who ’ s a ”	I still love Derek , he is a winner !
Why , that we are sad ?	Remember , I said Derek don't sell your Trump World Tower apartment . . . its been lucky for you . The day after he sold it , he broke his foot .
What ’ s that would win the man in a man in the matter , but a matter !	At the debate , the President kept talking of what he is going to do . I kept saying , why didn't he do it ? He lost me a long time ago .
The business of your business !	Verlander pitched great , but Yankees look truly defeated .
Who was a thing that was a work of her than a ”	Stupid George Will gave MittRomney no chance 3 months ago . Take off his little spectacles and he's just another dummy .
If you are in the pleasure , and work in pleasure , and never will be done !	George Will said ""best debate he ever saw"" . If you ever heard George Will speak ( boring ) anything is exciting .
Who does he be “ prove a sin of her ’ s ”	Debate showed--- these guys really hate each other . At one point it looked like they would come to blows .
Call it in a man ’ s bed .	Obama better than last time , but again , MittRomney wins . Good night . #debate
My lord , her in a place , great place !	You talk tough , Mr . President , but have done nothing about China killing our jobs and economy .
I have a confess ’ s better than a fellow .	Such long rhetorical and boring answers from Obama . No wonder nothing gets done .
Will our brave brave soldiers ’ s brave soldiers ?	. MittRomney much better on Libya and Middle East problems . Obama has no answer .
Why , to be the way is , and then , and now , ’ s the way to her ”	Obama keeps namedropping Bill Clinton-- he is no Bill Clinton .
Who ’ s a ”	Obama weak on immigration . All words , no action . He's been Prez 4 years .
What ’ s a ” and the voice of my voice !	Obama is looking rhetorical and weak . MittRomney is looking strong and sharp .
Who first that the best ” The best ’ s best !	Obama just said MittRomney was ""a very successful investor""--- big mistake for Obama to admit- he has less and less credibility .
The men of her being so , and the When her Is ’ s side By her	Obama keeps saying that he will do something--- but why hasn't he done it ? It's all talk .
Give her a run for her .	. MittRomney looks much stronger and much more Presidential !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ?	Then how come gasoline is hitting record high prices ?
Who ’ s her ” Who with her ” first ’ s the first	Good response on jobs by MittRomney .
Who was a “ Who ’ s a very fit was the matter of her ”	Getting ready to watch the debate--- as they say ""let's get ready to rumble"" !
Look you , as the sun .	I was just told by one of the top PGATOUR players that my golf courses are the most elite in the country . Very nice compliment--I agree .
Stand the they !	We should be able to negotiate a deal with Iran because they know we could blow them away to the Stone Age . They just don't believe we would .
Who ’ s a Who hath rather ” — Who ; ’ s the state , Who ’ s more ’ s a ”	drumline_mormon It is selling great at Macy's--thanks !
Who in the matter that her men in her ” Call in her men in her men ’ s people have her men of her ” Call her men ’ s men ’ s bed	For political purposes only , Obama is planning to hit Libya for the Benghazi embassy attack right before the election ?
Who ’ s one one of her ” ” ’ s her ” !	Great win last night by Peyton Manning & , Denver_Broncos in San Diego coming from 24 points behind on the road . Very impressive .
What ’ s a ” and her ” and her ” Will ’ s a ” and her ’ s ”	""If we did all the things we are capable of , we would literally astound ourselves . "" -- Thomas Edison
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” A ”	If the yankees can somehow beat Verlander tonight then they can still salvage the series . And I will go to games 6&amp , 7 so they will win !
Why , by her men ’ s name ’ s name ’ s the coming from the name of her ”	Get ready for tonight !
But , in a soldier to her work , and have a work , and bring it .	MissUSA Olivia--we love you . You are doing a great job .
Why , I pray you and make our country ’ s great friends !	. MittRomney--if Obama gets wise tonight just ask for his college records & , transcripts--he will quiet down quickly .
The time We have a time to us .	Good luck MittRomney tonight--have no doubt you will be great .
I will be on the hours of her tonight at the matter ?	Congratulations to JamesOKeefeIII on exposing more Democrat voter fraud . DNC was caught red handed telling people to vote twice .
What ’ s a Who ’ s a ” to her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her	I bet the terrorists in Libya used weapons we supplied them during their so called 'revolution' to attack our embassy in Benghazi .
What ’ s her that ’ s her ” to her ”	. washtimes ""BrettMDecker: Five Questions w/ realDonaldTrump--'Lack of Leadership is the biggest threat to America'""
Who to the crown to her crown that was his crown as ’ s crown to her crown to her crown to her crown as a crown to her crown ’ s crown to her ”	Between Libya , the national security leaks and Fast & , Furious , Obama has had more national security scandals than any other President .
What ’ s the matter that all of her ”	. reince is doing a fantastic job for the Republican Party--hope he gets the credit he deserves .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	. antbaxter I tried watching but fell asleep .
Who is this one that ?	. History's wonderful ""The Men Who Built America"" with me on tonight at 9 -- bad timing , I'll be live tweeting the debate
I will be on a ” If thou hast been “ ' tis , and ’ s a ” ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed , Who will be a work .	Because Obama was so pathetic in the first debate , tonight's audience will be humongous--people want to see if he is for real .
The men but that have it as a change that change .	The Coca Cola company is not happy with me--that's okay , I'll still keep drinking that garbage .
This is is where ’ s the matter , the matter .	It's amazing--my weekly scheduled interviews on foxnews and CNBC draw the highest ratings . And they get bigger week by week--thanks folks !
Call her her be .	Obama just had another trillion dollar budget deficit for the fourth year in a row . At least he is consistent .
What ’ s a man ’ s men ’ s men to be our country ’ s country ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her country ’ s men ’ s men ’ s country to work to us to be a men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s	Diet Coke tweet had a monster response--dammit , I wish the stuff worked .
Come , I pray you have a hear him , and let ’ s part , I pray you have a part of a more ' ll run for a man for a bed for a man ' ll run for him for a ”	. antbaxter Thanks for helping promote & , make Trump International Golf Links Scotland so successful--you stupid fool !
Call her my sister for her again !	. antbaxter Your documentary died many deaths . You have , in my opinion , zero talent .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	I can confirm the reports--BillRancic , my first season winner , will be returning to this All-Star season of CelebApprentice .
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” and a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s bed and ” For	. rupertmurdoch is absolutely right , it will be a nightmare for Israel if Obama is re-elected .
Who ’ s a	Verlander is great but very beatable . Does not have a good ERA in playoff games
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” Is ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I turned down going to the debate tonight so that I could do live tweets to my many followers .
Why , her , such a hand , and thank you !	I have no doubt that Mitt will do really well tonight . We'll all be watching MittRomney .
The one is one of my bed .	Lots of pressure on Obama tonight--even more than A-Rod . If he doesn't perform well it could be over .
I love her love a man ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love a man ’ s love of her	I hope A-Rod has a great night for the Yankees--he owes it to them--especially with Derek hurt .
What , ’ s a work of his great less and what ’ s great what ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s lost her	jbluvx2 Happy Birthday !
Stand to the sea , ’ s a house , at the sea !	Gov . Gary Johnson pulling votes from MittRomney--Don't waste your vote . Obama must go !
The matter for her that ’ s men ’ s her .	""Donald Trump's back with 14 'Apprentice' All-Stars"" via AP
Who ’ s a	Based on very popular demand , I will be live tweeting tomorrow night during the Presidential debate .
The time is he is the better for you .	""The invisible hand of the market always moves faster and better than the heavy hand of government . "" -- MittRomney
What ’ s the voice be of the voice !	""Sometimes the best thing you can do is just let things ride , let time go by . ""Donald J . Trump
Call her her friends !	If MittRomney has a good debate tomorrow night , Obama is finished !
Who in no common man in his common man ’ s man in the common man ’ s man ’ s man in the common man in the common man ’ s thought	Obama is planning on attacking Romney on Bain in tomorrow's debate Mitt should bring up college applications & , records
Call her her bed !	""Romney , Ryan Slam Obama Administration on China Currency Manipulation"" via ABC
Who ’ s a more ’ s voice for ’ s of the other of ’ s ’ s bed for the other men ’ s bed	Once again Obama fails to classify China as a currency manipulator . He just helped China steal even more jobs and money from us .
Who ’ s a soldier !	A-Rod should donate his contract to charity . He doesn't make the yankees any money and he doesn't perform . He is a $30M/yr rip off .
Let your peace .	Looking forward to speaking at tonight's gala for MittRomney supporters at the Intrepid . Mitt's doing well .
What ’ s a very well of her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the very well to see ’ s	Barack Obama is not who you think he is . Most overrated politician in US history .
What a ho !	Isn't it time that Obama release his college records and applications ? Boy would that create a mess ! He is not who you think .
Why , from her say ’ s ha and say ’ s crown from the means of the means of her crown from her bed and say ’ s bed and her again and her bed and ha ' s crown to say ’ s crown to be	Lots of response to my comment on Diet Coke- let's face it , it doesn't work- just makes you hungry .
Will ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	A-Rod was a great player when he lived at Trump Park Avenue--- even though he was on the juice !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Derek Jeter had a great career until 3 days ago when he sold his apartment at Trump World Tower- I told him not to sell- karma ?
Who hath played the men ’ s ’ s good ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s work today of her ”	I love LibertyUniversity--such great people !
Who ’ s a great her ” a great men ’ s a great men ’ s ’ s ’ s a great her ”	A-Rod is just not making it . We want to give him a chance but it was only drugs that made him great .
The office of this was the most times of her ' Look .	Obama will be trying very hard at next debate- he doesn't want to lose the Boeing .
.	Who says Obama will do better in the next debate- has he gotten smarter in 2 weeks !
.	. MittRomney's poll numbers are looking really good . One more great debate performance and it will be a total knockout .
We will now be now and her , and be so , and her , it is it !	I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke .
I will be a work at her ” — a thing , a thing .	No , I wasn't at the Yankees game yesterday- can't go today either . When I go , they win .
I will be so morning .	Brooklyn Nets have the worst uniform ever- Boring- won't matter if they win ( ""Winning solves all problems""- ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	Yankees can win today . Kuroda is a highly underrated pitcher .
My friend is a friend that it is it like him .	A-Rod hit ball hard first at bat . Time for him to step up and leave .
Why , as an “ Who ’ s her ”	Swisher should have caught ball in right field last night .
The the day of the new Edward ’ s the world .	. Yankees are in trouble without Derek . Try A-Rod at short- get him some confidence .
.	A bad thing finally happened to Derek Jeter--- he is a great champion .
Go to to my friend , and take it back .	So much for Washington shutting down Strasburg- they deserved to lose .
Who is my her ?	Roadway steel on beautiful Verrazano-Narrows Bridge is rusting and rotting away . Scrape and paint before too late .
Call her	Tonight , despite everything , put A-Rod in the lineup .
If I have a doubt it was sure I would have a voice .	Everyone's wondering what's wrong with A-Rod . Not one sports writer blames it on his not being able to use drugs anymore-- the real reason .
Who ’ s a	They found Jessica in Colorado--- body was mutilated--- death to the pervert killer .
Upon a one of her ?	Joe Girardi did a great job of managing the Yankees this series .
Good my lord to the sweet friends ’ s friends .	I'll bet Obama goes down just like Washington because he doesn't use our ( this country's ) best people to win .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Washington should have brought in Strasburg to relieve-- they would have won .
Call it her my work .	When Strasburg leaves in a couple of years under free agency Washington will say "" what were we doing"" .
Shall be a pray you , and let ’ s bed .	I told you , whenever I go to a Yankees game the Yankees win .
Why , I hope you have the hope of her ' s ' s ' ll run for the other hope of a hope of her be all of her ” for a bed for a bed and run for her	""Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality . "" -- Warren G . Bennis
Why , more be more , let ’ s sword , and all the more than a more than a more than a ” And give a more than a ”	When an employee leaves me and begs to come back--I never let them . Loyalty is very important .
What ’ s the time , and win it , and be !	I look forward to Tuesday night's presidential debate--I wonder if Obama will use my name again .
Now , and yet he ’ s power and never will ?	Very different styles but each totally effective in his own way at the debate .
From the matter , and to be .	""What we are watching on our TV screens is the unraveling of the Obama foreign policy . "" --PaulRyanVP
Who ’ s a man tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight and the more of a ” Who tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight tonight	Obama's economic policies are causing inflation on hard working families . The price of corn alone has risen over 200% since he was elected .
Who will he be in his part of his part in the man ’ s part of the will win the man in his part of his men ’ s ’ s bed of his bed of his bed , Who ’ s part of his work in his	With our amazing All Star cast , Joan_Rivers , johnrich , ArsenioOFFICIAL & , piersmorgan are also returning as boardroom advisors .
What should thou run for a bed , I would have you again !	Great to hear that our loyal CelebApprentice fans are happy with today's announcement of the new cast . This will be something special !
Call her her men .	. dennisrodman looks like he really cleaned up his act .
Who ’ s great him and ’ s friends .	I'm going to the Yankees game tonight to root them on--they always win when I am there .
What I thank her , my lord , I ’ s her !	My Scotland course is receiving accolades from all over the world--a great honor for me .
Good morning .	Credibility is important to me- hence must admit that both candidates did really well last night . #VPDebate
Who ’ s a ” ?	Doing the todayshow with MLauer was great- I really like Matt .
What ’ s the way of her that ’ s new to her fortune .	First Minister of Scotland released bomber of Pan Am flight #103 on ""compassionate grounds . "" Do you believe ?
Why , that knows how to her men ’ s times the matter .	""There are many ways of going forward , but only one way of standing still . "" -- Pres . Franklin D . Roosevelt
The new of her ” and her men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of them .	dennisrodman ApprenticeNBC Great to have you back for the best season yet !
The time should thank me for the time for the matter for the matter !	ObamaCare is a complete disaster . Many of my friends have to scale down their businesses because they can't afford it . Terrible .
The more of her that in her ” ’ s ’ s the will beat her in her	""Wing bangers""-- the name given to wind turbines by bird lovers for the thousands of birds they kill in the USA
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	British PM Cameron is making a fool of himself by wasting billions of pounds on unwanted & , environment destroying Scottish windmills .
The one is a man ’ s a great York in the place of great York .	Going over to TodayShow now to introduce ApprenticeNBC cast etc . -- watch .
The great her call the general ’ s great general .	Pretty even debate- no knockouts . However Ryan's closing statement somewhat stronger . What do you think ? #VPDebate
Look , and work in the more than the better be in the way .	Biden's statements on Medicare are very effective . Ryan must now come back and combat . #VPDebate
The way of a long go to a way is full of his way .	Excellent story on MittRomney- very good moment for Ryan . #VPDebate
What love ’ s love ’ s a love .	Biden's sarcastic smiling may or may not be effective depending on who is watching . #VPDebate
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ?	Hard for Biden to justify Libya mess but doing best he can . #VPDebate
Who should be you have come to the men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the other should run for a bed , come to be a bed	Both candidates are looking sharp- now it's up to the mouth and the mind . #VPDebate
What ’ s to a good a good sport , and the sport for you .	Get ready- this should be informative and fun ! #VPDebate
Call her her her again .	Looking forward to the debate tonight and will be tweeting live with very honest assessment .
You have a half a half a half of two again . ” — ” to the two of her again .	. Linda_McMahon is an elite businesswoman who will bring a great outlook to DC . Support her campaign here
So will he be in his reason in her arm , Who is the arm ?	Another sign that jack_welch is right . New government labor report casts even more doubt on the September jobs data
It was a great honor to be so .	Why does Barack Obama's ring have an arabic inscription ? Who is this guy ?
Great her age , change , and brave eyes , as the power .	It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election . How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today ?
He was the morning ’ s the morning have could run the morning .	So Obama used to tell classmates that he was Kenyan royalty and an Indonesian prince Sounds like his book bio !
What ’ s a ho , and the matter of the matter , sir , and the matter is the matter ’ s men ’ s men ’ s her ”	Our foreign policy decisions are dumbest in USA history
Why , the morning ’ s the morning ’ s ’ s ’ s the morning ’ s of the matter ?	Live tweeting during tonight's VP debate . . . should be a great time
Who ’ s a very very of her !	How the hell does the Libyan government get off telling our embassy security they can't have loaded guns for protection ? !
What ’ s men ’ s men have ’ s men ’ s bed !	Why the hell did we help the Libyan ""rebels"" in the first place . That is the real scandal .
Who so ’ s a Who so ?	Outright disgusting--the Obama administration has continually stonewalled and lied to US Amb . Sean Smith's mother
Who ’ s great a great men ’ s great people ’ s great great great men ’ s great a great a great men ’ s great men ’ s great a great ”	I suspect JoeBiden could do well tonight . Don't be fooled by his gaffes . He is a seasoned and feisty debater .
Call the sea !	If rihanna is dating chrisbrown again then she has a death wish . A beater is always a beater--just watch !
Who ’ s but the man ’ s thought he ’ s thought it .	Amazing that Derek Jeter played with an injury throughout most of last night's yankees game and did so well .
Call it !	$30M a year and A-Rod is now relegated to the bench . yankees would have lost if Girardi hadn't benched him in the 9th ( see my prediction )
The man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s ’ s the man ’ s one of the man ’ s bed .	I guess they have Lance Armstrong cold . Brutal report . A waste of taxpayer money to take down an American hero .
What say it for the thing it ’ s a thing it ’ s man ’ s more than it ’ s a thing it of a thing it be a thing it ’ s man ’ s love ’ s bed ,	. Apprenticenbc cast will be announced tomorrow at 7:30am ET on the todayshow with MLauer
Who ’ s a soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s ’ s soldier ’ s ’ s the sun and the soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s soldier ’ s	Staff at Trump Park Avenue disliked A-Rod--to put it ""mildly"" -- The staff at Trump World Tower loves Derek Jeter .
The time loved your time , Who did he hath been today .	Asking why my dislike of A-Rod--dishonorable dealings with me on an apartment deal
What ’ s her , that I did awake , and take her ?	Great move to take A-Rod out of game . Now terminate his contract based on misrepresentation ( drugs ) .
Who said the very very much upon the money !	""When everything seems to be going against you , remember that the airplane takes off against the wind , not with it . "" -- Henry Ford
The matter in the world ’ s thing in the world ’ s money .	usa67us Thank you
We ’ s day to be a day .	Must read article on Obama's illegal fundraising from abroad Foreign candidate getting foreign donations .
What is in yourself .	I enjoy meeting tourists in #TrumpTower . People travel from across the world to see the five-level Atrium & , waterfall .
The fool that makes the quarrel with his grief .	Sleepy eyes chucktodd -- whenever you mention me unfairly I will likewise mention you .
The things should be made the weak of weak , And it is strong ’ s the strong of her .	Congratulations to FLGovScott on getting an ""A"" grade from CatoInstitute on his fiscal policy . Rick is a fantastic governor .
Who ’ s one hours that ’ s bed , Who ’ s her ”	Even with lower profit projections , American firms are still throwing money into China Obama is killing investment .
Who ’ s a chamber again to her ”	I am more concerned about Biden in the debate than I am about Obama . Be careful on Thursday night !
I will be on a bed and that I ’ s a maid .	""You have to scratch your head when the president spends the last week talking about saving Big Bird . "" -- MittRomney
Who is the way than her ’ s more than ’ s ' s ' way than the way than the way than the way than the way than her ”	Consumer spending fell in September Another indicator the 7 . 8% unemployment number is cooked .
The more I doubt that ’ t have a doubt it in the other of men ’ s one .	A-Rod must be dropped in the Yankees line-up tonight if they want to win . He simply can't perform without drugs .
Why , on the place ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter with her ”	Obama was guest at VP debate moderator Martha Raddatz's wedding Do people think this is fair ?
We ’ ll make me the next , run home .	Receiving thousands of thank you letters from LibertyU students for my convocation speech . The honor was all mine ! Great people .
Who will he be a man ’ s great man ’ s great great man !	DELUSIONAL--Obama actually thought that he won the debate What is he thinking ?
Who ’ s a one that I would be in the first of the first of the first .	dianahartnett March 3rd .
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	47M on food stamps . Over 23M Americans unemployed . 50% of college grads unemployed . And Obama wants us talking about Big Bird .
Why , sir , you have a more than that , ”	Has Barack Obama been caught red handed laundering money into his campaign from illegal online foreign donations ? Media ?
.	I just had to fire someone , he didn't have a clue--he reminded me of Obama on Wednesday night .
Why , by the bed to the sun to be more than the matter to be more by the matter to the more than the bed of her again to be again to be again to be again to be again to be a ”	27 days until America's greatest test since our founding . In this election , we decide whether we become great again .
Why , you should be the new of our new .	""It doesn't matter who you vote for--it matters who is counting the votes . "" Be careful of voter fraud !
My lord on a men ’ s crown with her lord , and our us come with the king ’ s	Obama is under a great of pressure to perform well in the next debate . Let's see how he reacts under pressure .
What ’ s that I would have a sir !	Remember , Obama limped across the finish line--he should have lost to Hillary . Be careful !
What should you be the next of her ' tis more .	I don't think Obama will do well in the second debate--he is psyched out just like A-Rod .
Who is the bed is already that you have a man ’ s man ’ s bed and have a bed and say is the thing is ’ s bed and her again already	""I will implement effective missile defenses to protect against threats . On this , there will be no flexibility with Vladimir Putin . "" -- Mitt
Call you up the more than it is enough .	By popular request I will also be tweeting live during the Vice Presidential debate Thursday night . It will be very interesting , I promise .
The question of the question .	. DavidLetterman Late_Show fully apologized last night for calling me a racist . Thank you David--we are again friends .
The next of the Moor ’ s men should be the next years .	The public is about to learn a lot more information on Barack Obama and his true background in the coming weeks . . .
The her that in the matter .	Now that Obama’s poll numbers are in tailspin – watch for him to launch a strike in Libya or Iran . He is desperate .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who by her ”	Mitt’s subsequent rise in the polls post-debate shows that the American public can still spot a real winner .
The hour of the men ’ s sleep , Which , have some time to some time of some time , Which , Which you have some time of her men of her men ’ s sleep and have a guest of her kiss her guest of her guest ,	“In order to build your wealth and improve your business smarts , you need to know about real estate . ” - Think Like a Billionaire
What thank you !	With these record high gas prices , what does it say about Obama that he was trying to brag about his energy policy in the debate ?
What ’ s a voice of her voice , I ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more of her .	Looking forward to live tweeting during the rest of the debates . Will be a lot of fun .
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” and a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s bed and ” For	When will the unemployment numbers be corrected ? Sadly , after the election !
What ’ s the speak of the True !	""Donald Trump: ‘Monkey business’ on jobs"" via politico
The time that come to come to the day , ” A day ”	George Will is a political moron . Last month he said Romney couldn't win .
Who , her that ’ s one yesterday	In the end , Andy Pettitte did not rat out his friend Roger Clemens . I like him again , a lot .
You have thank you for the people ’ s welcome .	Drop A-Rod in the order and cut his salary based on unreported drug use . Also , not a pressure player .
Who ’ s a ”	My SquawkCNBC #TRUMPTUESDAY interview discussing the upcoming debates , the real state of unemployment & , bias media
Who should be a one that should have lost of all the hours of her ' faith !	Why isn't Obama protecting us from ridiculous gas prices ?
What ’ s think ’ s a man ’ s bed .	California gas prices going thru the roof , others to follow . An election-losing event for Obama .
The new of the new day , and let us , give us all the day again .	Greece should get out of the euro & , go back to their own currency--they are just wasting time .
I will be on a bed , and that I am a thing .	. ErraticSLK Shout out = work hard !
Who is a little man ’ s more than he ’ s a little man ’ s man that he ’ s man ’ s one of her ”	. carlosbeltran15 is playing great for St . Louis Cardinals . They made a wise decision .
What ’ s my lord , when it ’ s heart !	. jack_welch is correct--these reporters would not have been so brave while Jack was running GE .
Why , we love you have her love .	Our many loyal viewers should expect a major announcement very soon on next season's CelebApprentice . Our fans will be pleased .
Who is the men to her men ’ s ’ s ’ s more of him ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s bed of her men ’ s her men ’ s bed of her ” !	The stage is set for the real debate--it will be very interesting !
Why ’ s her ?	Obama projected a 2012 budget deficit of $557B . It is actually double that at $1 . 1T We can't afford four more years .
What ’ s a times is but the thank you !	Obama's planned tax hike will hit over 1 million small businesses Expect more massive unemployment and stagnant growth
Call the her that with her her ” ’ s the people in her ”	How long did it take for Obama to call Hugo Chavez and congratulate him on his 'reelection ? ' Who do you think Chavez supports in ours ?
The more you would make a bear him but a power of him .	Congratulations to drewbrees on setting the NFL record with 48 consecutive games with a TD pass . He is a great guy and player .
Great gods the night with her men to her men ’ s peace with her sister ’ s them	At the request of many- I will be doing live tweets during the next presidential debate .
The fortune of his fortune ’ s work to this .	Sleepy eyes chucktodd is an absolute joke of a reporter . He is in the bag for Obama . He can't carry jack_welch's jock .
The yourself to be the matter that can do that . ” And that , and do you are as the matter , and do that do that can do that .	Who is more believable on the state of employment--the great jack_welch or some government bureaucrat who is voting for Obama ?
As we are the way to her men ’ s hope , and ’ s not hope .	A record 46 . 68M Americans are now on food stamps Four more years ?
The next doth be to the next of the next of the next of the next of the next of the next of the will be of the of her of her .	I would do same thing if I were China . They want Obama .
What ’ s my my my fortune and call ’ s again !	My foxandfriends interview discussing Obama's failed and dangerous foreign policy and the real unemployment numbers
Look you , as the matter , the matter , not the matter .	Got to do something about these missing chidlren grabbed by the perverts . Too many incidents--fast trial , death penalty .
Who ’ s a one ’ s a ” and her ”	More than 70M people watched the Presidential Debate . A new record . See what happens when I am so prominently mentioned ( just kidding ) !
Call her that ’ s bed .	Looking forward to Sunday’s speech in the ExCel Centre .
Why , sir , for you ’ s a more ' s ' s ' tis a time !	“The team with the best players wins . ” -- jack_welch
The her son of her son .	. acuconservative's #CPACCO kept up the momentum from the debate . MittRomney even made a surprise appearance . Now go win CO !
No more mighty men .	Now America knows--the Emperor has no clothes . Why would Obama do better in a 2nd debate ? #Debate #Obama
In the time to the time of her tonight .	My friend GovChristie called it--MittRomney recast the race .
What say by the man is else .	Glad to hear that RobinRoberts is doing well . She is a terrific person .
Give her a bed and my people take my lord ’ s peace and take the matter and take the matter and take my people take her men and my bed and my bed and my bed and take my bed and my	I promise to do a new #trumpvlog when I get back next week---- lots of requests . Thanks !
The more ’ s a ”	""To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction . "" --Isaac Newton
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” and a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s bed and ” For	Scary & , Unsustainable: On Monday the US added more debt than from 1776 through Pearl Harbor
Who ’ s a bed !	""Mr . President , you're entitled as the president to your own airplane and to your own house , but not to your own facts . "" --MittRomney
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Bill Clinton has been Obama's most effective surrogate out on the trail .
Call it !	Congrats to Yankees on finishing 1st in the AL East . Derek Jeter is great--good luck in the playoffs !
Call you her her that speak of the truth .	I'll be in London on Sunday at the ExCel Centre to talk about success . It will be a great time for everyone !
Why , will I pray you have a more ' ll run for the other will run for the other will run for a more ’ s never be a bed and come to be a man ' ll run for him .	HighTide1989 Amazing is good too .
Call her a pray you , Who ’ s bed , ' s bed !	LuLuCornbread celebapprentice Most likely in February .
.	The upcoming season of CelebApprentice will be terrific--a great cast .
Who did his hair of his hair ?	Now another Obama speech from 2002 with him talking about taking the rich's 'stuff' Who is this guy ? Where's the media ?
Who by her ” Who ’ s a crown ’ s the sun ’ s bed	Congratulations to Michelle and Barack Obama on their 20th anniversary .
What ’ s that you would make a show of it here ’ s one that ’ s one of the matter that you have a show of the one of her come to work that you come here ’ s one that you come hither .	Happy to have just passed 1 . 5M followers on twitter . We picked up over 14 , 000 yesterday alone . It's great to speak to everyone daily .
The more that ’ s her that ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter that ’ s one of her ”	I'm eagerly awaiting the next polls . The debate performance could be devastating to the Obama team . Let's see what happens .
What ’ s a great a great great great great great a great great great great men would make a great a great men ’ s great a great a great a great great men ’ s great people make a great great great great great work .	FSTLTD tonyrobbins Will be a great event . See you in London .
Who is the hands is the best down the best ’ s true !	Both being optimistic and remembering the big picture have served me well throughout my life . You need to stay positive .
The best that your best hath the best of her men ’ s men are the best of her men are the best of her hath the best of her work of her hath the best hath the general hath the men .	. SethMacFarlane will be a great Oscar host . He did an amazing job at my ComedyCentral roast .
Faith , sir , to her that I am as you .	Ajb073 Thank you .
.	Wind farms are ugly , not cost effective and don't produce worthwhile returns or energy . No wonder governments are giving up on them .
Remember you the time , you have the work , you !	As a big job creator , I was greatly honored to have been mentioned twice tonight during the debate .
The many of her that hath been the many of the matter ?	Congratulations to Mitt Romney . He was not only good , he was absolutely fantastic tonight !
Why , by a ” a bed is a ” for a ”	""Invincibility lies in the defence , the possibility of victory in the attack . "" --Sun Tzu
What ’ s a man that ’ s man ’ s there ?	There's only one candidate who cut medicare and that's Barack Obama . Cut over $700M to move into ObamaCare .
Call you .	In August , 2012 , Obama said the so called Arab Spring sprung from 'joyful longing for human freedom' Good call !
What ’ s call it to her men ’ s blood !	Have you heard ? China just told Obama to jump . Obama asked how high .
Who ’ s a work of her sister ’ s years !	Obama's '07 speech which DailyCaller just released not only shows that Obama is a racist but also how the press always covers for him .
The more of a Roman of men that ’ s men should be the thing he should be hell .	I'm always amazed when I travel to my foreign properties . Seeing the Trump brand across 4 continents proves that excellence can be universal .
What ’ s a thing I have a thing that ’ s our people .	SiphoSimelane Thank you .
Who never was of her never why was of a good man !	escobedoantonio Thank you
Why , you should run for the matter .	Lexi_Michaels Yes , absolutely .
I will be on a bed at her ” A thing .	escobedoantonio Work hard and never give up !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I will be visiting Trump Int'l Golf Links in Scotland tomorrow . Always great to see the Great Dunes of Scotland .
Who ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	Who is rooting for Obama more tonight--his campaign advisors or the press ?
The Those that pay the people have her work that ’ s work , ’ s her	Can't wait for tonight's debate--actually delayed my trip to Europe so I can watch . This is going to be a great night .
Who by the general her men ’ s lost the general must be a general .	My gretawire interview discussing MittRomney debate responses , Obama's hidden records , my tweets and unemployment
My own father ’ s own a dear a man ’ s a man ’ s a bed , and a dear a dear a dear a man or more a bed , and shall be a bed will .	I am very proud of Ivanka !
The better ’ s the French ’ s ’ s ’ s the very better thank you .	My daughter Ivanka is being honored by the Wharton School of Finance with the 2012 Young Leadership Award . Also ( cont )
A madam , to her lord , but a man ’ s a ”	DavidRoyEarle See you in London--big crowd !
Call it .	Reverend Wright must have great hatred for Obama and the manner in which he was shunted aside .
What say , that knows that I love you .	Obama called Reverend Wright his friend , counselor & , great leader--then dumped him like a dog !
What 's a matter !	See June 2007 speech--is Obama a total racist ?
Believe you , and ’ s a bed and there ’ s bed	Congratulations to Barack Obama for having 2012's debt already surpass 2011
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	The cheap 12 inch sq . marble tiles behind speaker at UN always bothered me . I will replace with beautiful large marble slabs if they ask me .
Who never made a more than a new never ’ s new ”	Where is the main stream media reporting on Univision's new expose of Fast and Furious ? Too busy looking at Mitt's taxes ?
You have not more than you have seen it well enough . ” — ” it ’ s a ”	Major Mexican cartel boss El Diego was just arrested with weapons provided to him through Fast and Furious Media ? ?
Who is the matter , Who hath a great her mad , her work by the more by her	A great article about how ObamaCare has even further complicated the tax code and will hurt housing market
What ’ s a ” to his daughters ' th ' things of her ' ll be a hours by the hours of her ”	. ritter1025 Wishing your wife a Happy Birthday
Call you my voice .	It's Tuesday , how much will the media continue to cover up the embassy attacks for Obama ?
What a good thing for a thing if a good man be in her ”	I'll be on gretawire tonight on foxnews at 10 pm .
Such a people in the matter .	Great to hear that nfl legend and hall of famer John Elway has endorsed MittRomney in Colorado . CO is a must win state for Mitt .
Why , to be your more than your bed ?	Under Obama , Iran has taken over Iraq , Al Qaeda has taken over Libya , the Muslim Brotherhood now controls Egypt . Worst foreign policy ever .
Let you be your wit .	Woody Johnson's comments that he would rather have MittRomney win the election than his nyjets win games shows real patriotism .
Why , to be the way is , and then , and call it , and call him , and call to her ” And then , and be a time .	The Chinese are now hacking White House computers . Why not ? They already own the place .
The mother ’ s mother of fortune .	Big win by Yankees last night to take control of AL East . Jeter & , company now control their destiny .
What ’ s a man ’ s the matter in this	Wednesday's debate is day one of the election . Over 70 million voters will be watching .
What ’ s no more as the end , Look in your end , then do be .	In Nov . '11 , Al Qaeda's flag flew over the 'birthplace' of Libya's revolution In Sept . '12 it flew over our Embassy .
Make her the duke again again again ’ s again	Glad to hear SethMacFarlane will be hosting this year's Oscars . Something new that should be fun .
Who hath a work of his own ’ s own ’ s own ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s a more of his own soldier hath ’ s own soldier hath ’ s .	A clip from KatieShow where I take katiecouric's audience on the Katie Coach
The people ’ s eyes of her eyes ’ s nature ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s eyes of men ’ s lost the secret ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed .	My SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how MittRomney can win the first debate & , the last 35 days
The morning have meet the morning .	If Obama mentions Mitt's tax returns in tomorrow's debate then Mitt should immediately ask for Obama's college records & , applications
.	Obama is trying to block sequester layoff notices in Virginia Another example of sleazy politics !
The secret of ’ s eyes .	Threatening phone calls from Obama supporters are being made to the Michigan GOP office Don't be intimidated !
What a one that ’ s a most true .	Obama loves wasting our money . He just made another guarantee of $197M to a solar company Cronyism !
What should you be the matter !	Al Qaeda taking over Libya after we made it possible--really amazing .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez said in a television interview that aired on Sunday ""If I were American , I'd vote for Obama . ""
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ?	Big cancer risk from new ""environmental"" light bulbs""--a big price to pay !
I ’ ll set it in her crown , and Great !	Obama now wants to give another $450M to the Muslim Brotherhood . Money we don't have going to people that hate us . Moronic .
But that ’ s my bed ?	How many more of our soldiers have to be shot by the Afghanis they are training ? Let's get the hell out of there and focus on USA
In the best will we all the better thank you .	""I've learned that mistakes can often be as good a teacher as success . "" --Jack Welch
What ’ s the bring her that the crown of this foul and have .	""Life is very fragile , and success doesn't change that . If anything , success makes it more fragile . "" --The Art of the Deal
Why , ’ s a ” ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s one says ’ s one ”	#TrumpTower is one of the country's top tourist destinations .
What is our reason ?	Obama deserves much less credit for the killing of Bin Laden . The praise goes to our brave military and intelligence officers .
.	Republicans and MittRomney must get tough very soon .
The new friend of her ” ’ s the more ’ s ’ s the new ”	Only 36 days until the election . MittRomney needs to stay on offense . Make Obama's terrible record the issue . #TimeToGetTough
I , that I may be a sin to be at her	In debate , MittRomney should ask Obama why autobiography states ""born in Kenya , raised in Indonesia . ""
Call up the sun .	Cyberattack on White House--- what's next ?
These are something I but this fashion for the matter .	Obama lied to the public about the Al Qaeda attack on our consulate in Libya . He should be held accountable .
Who ’ s a ”	""UP1775: realDonaldTrump 2k16 man""
Why , that by that shall be my lord of her that I have you have a man !	American incomes have fallen $3 , 040 per household in the last 38 months
Young , and remember the key of the key and the key of them .	If you live in a state with early voting , you should be voting as soon as possible . Bring your friends and family with you .
The matter in some more than the present present .	Sean's interview with Bob Woodward on hannityshow was very interesting--Woodward was great .
But , must put it in the matter .	. IsraeliPM netanyahu delivered an excellent speech yesterday at the UN . Too bad AmbassadorRice wasn't there .
Call the mind ’ s mind .	Mr_Schwab You have to love what you do and keep your focus at all times .
What ’ s hate to the better confess it with you .	Brits spent $57 . 8M on the royal family . Obamas cost us $1 . 4B in expenses--including entertainment Living large on us .
Think ’ s noble years .	It's amazing how different all of the polling results are--not an exact science .
The many of her that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s will be today ?	""To be successful your focus has to be broad enough to think big at the same time . "" --'Midas Touch' with theRealKiyosaki
Faith , sir , to the her ” to the matter of the matter ’ s ’ s the matter for the matter being a ” to her ”	My successful acquisition of the Kluge estate was a fantastic deal which is already being studied in business schools .
Why , by her men ’ s her ” and her ”	""Trump buys mansion adjacent to family winery"" via trdny
The men ’ s lost and the great men should be the disease to be our disease .	jeffphilbin Wishing you good luck and a happy birthday .
Our state now and his crown .	The rydercup is currently going on--and is one of the truly great sporting events .
O , that thou hast never a change that I will not to change !	Obama is not working . US Manufacturing orders fell a record 13 . 9% in August . Where's the recovery ?
The more forth of the times at the times is not a times a strumpet ’ s mad .	Watch this video for a look at our great course in Los Angeles--- Rancho Palos Verdes-- TrumpGolfLA
The matter , you not all your peace .	. LisaLampanelli You are terrific ( always ) . Great job on the Apprentice .
Call it a ” for her men ’ s her ”	Be tenacious . Being tenacious means you're tough and patient at once , so it's a formidable combination .
.	Keep the big picture in mind . There are always opportunities & , possibilities , & , thinking too small can negate a lot of them .
Why , thou shalt be so seem to her	Iraq was one of our biggest mistakes . We got absolutely nothing for our sacrifices . The country will collapse ( cont )
What I find a man and his great great great great great work and his great work !	""Having a vision for something can be a very powerful force for accomplishment . ""--Midas Touch
Who ’ s a man ’ s never have ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the other men ’ s never have ’ s bed of her ”	Are you a young professional getting ready for a big meeting ? Pick up a #Trump suit Macys Look your best !
What ’ s that I do so !	BENJAMINPRICE18 Go for the gold standard--aim high . Be tenacious and have passion for your work .
What ’ s the will you hear ?	""If you're going through hell , keep going . "" --Winston Churchill
If you think you can do a thing or a thing you do think , and the thing , you are a thing , and think you may be a thing as a thing , and think of her thing , you .	Someone must be fired at AOL for that stupid deal they made buying Huffington Post .
The wars upon her that ’ s her ” The Duke of him , ’ s great men ’ s her	. MittRomney must ask for Obama's college records & , applications--why is he not doing this ?
The life ’ s life ’ s head with a head .	China's Financial Institutions are expanding overseas . They will own everything if we don't stop them now .
Who ’ s a good ” ’ s a good ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	ObamaCare is a failure . Costs are rising much faster under Obama than other Presidents .
Why , the matter	TheOnlyCdorsey . Thanks .
Who ’ s a better part of the most fair and fair ’ s fair and fair ’ s fair and be made of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed .	Now Obama's campaign is guaranteeing 12 million new jobs during a 2nd term More like $12T in new debt if he wins .
The time most gracious work , and work , and the work of her , Give ’ s peace , Give ’ s work , and the work of her work , and her work .	A resort in Arizona is using sewage to make snow . Environmentalists are going crazy--I won't be skiing in that snow .
The money by me a money by the money !	I have fun , I love what I do . You should too . Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October in London
From her men ’ s her ” and her ' em ?	I hope the RNC is ready for a Third Party if they blow this election because that is what they will face . They must fight hard .
.	Does Madonna know something we all don't about Barack ? At a concert she said ""we have a black Muslim in the White House . ""
Who ’ s a	If only the morons AP were as concerned with Obama's inconsistent statements on the Embassy attacks as they are ( cont )
Call her her ?	The full video of my LibertyU speech Liberty's largest ever Convocation crowd .
Who ’ s a	""Money was never a big motivation for me , except as a way to keep score . The real excitement is playing the game . "" -- The Art of the Deal
The time thou hast thou hast the great soldier .	How long will it take for chants-- ""bring back the replacement refs"" -- when a bad call is made ?
Why , will be our lord , for you , I do give them good good good good good good , and be , I will be more than our men .	Congratulations to my friend David Wright of the mets who is now their all-time hitting leader .
Why , the marriage of her ” , “ Call ’ s her ”	40 days until the election . Crunch time . MittRomney must stay on offense and take the fight to Obama .
Come , sir , a her that she can have you .	baeck I agree !
Why should work in a work in a well as well as well .	BenHyrne LibertyU Thank you .
Give this her her her ” Who in this ” Who in her ”	. EricTrump did an amazing job raising money for StJude with his EricTrumpFDN event featuring LisaLampanelli . Watch
You are my great her ” “ great good good good good good good good good .	RandySpangler Thank you .
.	Just bought the Kluge Estate in Charlottesville , Virginia ( don't worry , only business ) . See Washington Post article
When in doubt , Who hath his years hath six years of his years .	Jerry Falwell , Jr . stated speech was best in University's history . . . my great honor .
What spoke to the world ’ s last she did not of her ?	Liberty University speech by DJT was biggest by far in school's history . Standing ovations . . . great young people !
Go to the away of the matter .	Associated Press knowingly and inaccurately wrote about Liberty University speech . Shameful reporting . . . no credibility .
What ’ s that we may say ’ s a say ?	Huff post gets it wrong re: Ferry Point . . . the only leakage of gas is from Arianna Huffington .
What the day at the day ’ s day ’ s a day .	No matter how good the replacement refs do , they will be soundly criticized--they can't win !
What ’ s the worst Is ’ s people in the worst !	China has done very well under Obama . Now they just released their first aircraft carrier .
I will be you to be a more than it ’ s .	China is filling the vacuum left by Obama at the UN on the world stage .
What ’ s good a good voice !	Must read column for all young people: ""Obama's war on young voters who elected him""
The that know an an men that should make the On whose should be ?	ArchieMooreBye We have raised millions of dollars for charity .
The more to her that ’ s bed of the ground .	ForexBoxusd LibertyU Thank you
Call her “ ” !	ForexBoxusd LibertyU
But money is .	""Trump: US Must Get Tougher Because China Is 'Eating Our Lunch'"" via Moneynews Newsmax_Media
With this a man ?	A clip of my LibertyU speech talking about the importance of the election & , our country's potential via@washingtonpost
A “ Who , her men ’ s her ”	""For what is the best choice , for each individual , is the highest it is possible for him to achieve . "" -- Aristotle
What is what you think it is .	Housing prices will be going up big league--a great time to buy--good luck !
Shall not or you be the time , if you have ’ s the time of her ”	Pres . O -- a ""bump in the road"" in reference to our Ambassador's ( and others ) killing in Libya
Give ’ s work . ” — Give him a work , — ”	Hope & , Change--the number of 26 year olds living with parents has jumped 46% under Obama Four more years ?
Call her her her again .	. Matt_Berry87 Piers did a great job--the interview was very important .
The best to the way is a business of their powers .	Aspirin gets the best press of almost anything I can think of---fact or great PR ?
I pray you do pray you have a pray you , let ’ ll run a part of a more I pray you have I pray you run a more ’ s a bed	Obama's complaints about Republicans stopping his agenda are BS since he had full control for two years . He can never take responsibility .
Who to the great his name to be name of the name ’ s will have you .	Obama's new excuse for his failures is that you ""can't change Washington from the inside . "" Not what he said in '09 .
.	. brandonhardest Love what you do and work hard .
The better than the state , and born in the state .	Andy Williams has died . He was a friend of mine and a great guy .
We are now a time , if thou didst more than the time , when he should be the time !	English taxpayers should stop subsidizing the destruction of Scotland by paying massive subsidies for ugly wind turbines .
Who and her men are the Queen of her heart , ” — ” and her ’ s bed ”	The number of unemployed Americans has increased over 60% during Obama's term . The economy can't survive another 4 years .
What is a fool to be a most most like a man !	""Selfishness ultimately begets only unhappiness . Unselfishness begets happiness . "" -- B . C . Forbes
It is a man to be !	. . . One point I made sure to stress at LibertyU is to be sure to get even with anyone who crosses you . . .
What ’ s men ’ s men ’ s good people with men ’ s their souls for the men ’ s men would have a good men of her men of her men of her mother ’ s men of her mother ?	. . . Never let yourself be pushed around--but treat the good folks great .
Who say a “ Who ’ s a “ ”	Read about my LibertyU speech in jameshohmann's politico Morning Score
Who would be not to him , But that ’ s him at the matter and tell him .	The 18th hole at the Blue Monster Doral in Miami is considered the toughest finishing hole in golf . . .
A people have said the general ’ s men ’ s times the general .	Obama will be going on theviewtv & , fundraising while in NYC for the UN Assembly . . .
What say .	. . . yet not one meeting with an ally ( or an enemy ! ) Where's the media ?
Give yourself a day a day a day .	. . . well into our 4th week of shooting the record 13th season of CelebApprentice . The 'All Stars' are hard at work . . .
What ’ s a man , and say so much that you thank you .	Did a shoot in front of the Metropolitian Museum on 5th Ave for the 13th season of the Apprentice . . .
What ’ s but you can make this country .	The replacement refs are getting blamed for everything . I've seen many bad sports calls over the years .
Let it be , let it take it away , take it away , take it away , Take it away , take it away , take away , take it away , take it away , take it away , take it away .	One 57 is one of the worst looking buildings I've seen in a long time , in particular its very ugly ""skin . ""
The time you are my lord .	""Trump to Liberty U Students: 'The World is Laughing at Us'"" Via Newsmax_Media
A most like a most most most most most most well .	Thousands of great people showed up from Liberty University yesterday . I love standing ovations !
The her of her that are the beauty of it and the beauty and it is it and the world ’ s of her of her that ’ s her of her and the world are the world ’ s her ” and the fair of her	My SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing how MittRomney has to get tough , real unemployment & , bias press
You have a good friend .	Emmys telecast is way down & , lowest telecast on record among young adults . Emmys have no credibility-Should have nominated Apprentice again !
Who shall be a more ’ s the matter .	designergirla Late winter or early spring . It will be a great season !
The sun will forth of the best hath the best of her will be best of her best of her will come from the best of her crown from the best of her bed	designergirla Not a bad idea !
The matter at the matter .	""Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail . "" -- Charles F . Kettering
The more , and all the will win is the time .	DANCESWITHMETAL I am sure you would be just fine !
The better that . ”	OwenKelly Thanks !
What ’ s a voice of him !	The Obama Economy--workers added to disability and individuals added to food stamps more than doubles net jobs created
Who ’ s a soldier !	""Even if you're on the right track , you'll get run over if you just sit there . "" --Will Rogers
The best ’ s the best of the matter .	Muslim Brotherhood head of Egypt Morsi is already making demands on Obama before the WH visit . Obama's foreign policy is a complete failure .
The mother ’ s mother of a good fortune ’ s ”	Coincidence ? Obama and Ahmadinejad each describe Israel's warning over the Iranian nuclear program as just 'noise'
Who not so , that ’ s wit , I am so much more .	Home values have sunk a record 15% under Obama .
What ’ s a man ’ s more than the people by her ”	The debates are going to have a big impact on the election . MittRomney has proved--in Florida--he delivers under pressure .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Secure your place at the National Achievers Congress in London . It will be an amazing event with a great surprise .
Who ’ s a times that was of her !	Living in denial--only 15% of Democrats think that recent economic news is poor
The very hot that they have of late of her ' s man ’ s one of me !	Scary--Obama's budget deficits are so out of control that he has to borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ?	Today I spoke LibertyU Convocation , a great crowd . . .
Call her her “ ” ” ’ s her ’ s ”	With Obama and Bernanke destroying the value of the dollar , gold and real estate should continue to rise in value .
My ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	The attack on our Libyan consulate was the worst attack on the US since 9/11 . Time for Obama to come clean .
Who ’ s a Who ’ s men ’ s chamber and ’ s the chamber and her ” At her ”	Despite all of China's cheating , they are not doing that well--we can beat them--our country has great potential !
The her that the love and it is it .	All these polls released by news outlets are oversampling Democrats . They want to influence public perception of the race .
Come to her men ’ s again .	The Emmys are all politics , that's why , despite nominations , The Apprentice never won--even though it should have many times over .
What is ?	""Amazing Race"" winning an Emmy again is a total joke . The Emmys have no credibility--no wonder the ratings are at record lows .
Who , the matter , will be the matter . ” It is the matter .	The Emmys were horrendous . . . the absolute worst show !
When will the men be not to his enemies , ’ s enemies .	With all of the bad economic numbers and horrendous foreign policy , Obama should be down by 12 points--and he's not .
Who ’ s the thank you for our welcome .	The Republican Party must spend its money wisely and do incredible television commercials . They must be tough and smart .
Why , the labor with his grief and grief more .	Weekly jobless claims are up once again . The economy cannot recover with Obama in office .
My grace from her ” Who ’ s heart of her ’ s heart from my part of her ” My heart ’ s bed of her ”	Why did MittRomney give his tax returns without demanding that Obama release his college records & , applications in return ?
What ’ s a say you ?	Just left Liberty University . Chancellor Jerry Falwell Jr . & , his father have done an amazing job . . . great school & , the students were fantastic
Why , that our country ?	The Ryder Cup will be amazing this week .
Call the good tonight .	A letter written to one of my many critics !
Call you to a great work of her ’ s great thanks .	A letter from an amazing woman
Who I pray you for her that have a good have ’ s peace .	jtatsuno It's real .
Faith , sir , to her ” to her ” to her ’ s a ” to her ’ s bed .	I'll be on foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM . Tune in !
The matter in his reason but not be the king .	No matter how diligent you are in evaluating a business deal there is invariably one factor you have no control over--luck . . .
Who , her men ’ s men of her men ’ s lost the moon	. . . but interestingly , the same people seem to be lucky .
The time for your wine ’ s peace , I thank you .	Rising premium costs from Obamacare will cost businesses billions Guess where these new costs get passed to – you .
The life , go to his life , And see the great as well as well , and the Young ” And you , and the life , and see the great a ”	I have fun , I love what I do . You should too . Find out how at the National Achievers Conference this October .
Let the while I have the name of her ’ s will be !	At the Univision forum Obama continued to make excuses for Fast and Furious His operation killed innocent Americans .
Who ’ s a sister ’ s daughter ’ s daughter ’ s sister ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	susanvhinds A happy and healthy family .
If you were , if you were in the way .	Watch--yesterday Obama continued to evade questions on his security failures in the Benghazi consulate attack .
Who ’ s a one ?	I really like Chelsea Clinton--an amazing young woman . She got the best of both parents . ( IvankaTrump agrees )
Call it in a voice of her ’ s more .	""The important thing is not to stop questioning . Curiosity has its own reason for existing . "" --Albert Einstein
To her eyes but never never ’ s eyes . ” Never to Give her peace .	. janinegibson
God ’ s a ”	sayhigreg
What a man ’ s man and a man ’ s man and a man ’ s man ’ s a man ’ s bed and a man ’ s bed	Obama's Def . Sec . just said US Asia focus 'not aimed to contain China' China is hoping that Obama is re-elected .
The matter that the matter is so .	It is now clear that the Embassy attack in Libya was a coordinated Al Qaeda operation and not based on some video .
Call her	Ileschinder willsommer Not a bad idea . ( I'm in a magnanimous mood . )
Good my lord of all the world in the noble of the world !	murekar Thanks , and we will keep you posted .
The time I pray you have a peace in the fault !	JesseStroup Nice to hear--and good luck !
Who ’ s a ” “ ”	Now every time Islamic militants attack they will use that movie as an excuse What was the excuse before the movie ?
.	murekar
Who ’ s a heavy heart ’ s a man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Yesterday I was in Washington , D . C . visiting the #TRUMP Old Post Office renovation . It will be magnificent .
The more forth of the times at the times is not a times a strumpet ’ s mad .	Interesting article by MattTowery townhallcom:“It Is Time to Use ‘The Trump Card’” Thanks Matt for the nice mention
Who ’ s a name her ” Who ’ s her ”	My CNN interview with piersmorgan explaining why Mitt should not apologize
Who was a more but a place .	Great article by Chris Ruddy Newsmax_Media: ""AnnDRomney and Jackie's Example""
Who ’ s a bed of her there ?	To be successful , never give up . My secrets to success will be shared at the National Achievers Congress in London .
The news tomorrow , the time ’ s time , The place is the place .	Isn’t it great that Obama had time yesterday to fundraise with Jay Z and do Late_Show while there is a record 21% real unemployment !
Let ’ s never be no more but but it .	QE3 , a political favor for Obama , will cause record inflation on food and fuel . This hits low income families the hardest . Big mistake .
What is in yourself .	Have you seen the new #Trump fall collection exclusively available Macys ? Top selling brand nationwide . Ties , shirts , fragrance-great gifts .
Look you , as the matter , the matter , not the matter .	""Trump: Obama is 'Unlucky President'"" via Newsmax_Media
Who should be a man ’ s bed , Which should be the matter for the matter .	Via Newsmax_Media: ""Romney Said Nothing Wrong""
The better than a wit .	. . . come down hard--tax the hell out of their imports and reduce our deficit fast .
What love , what you do be a man and the same that time as a time , and say a time as a time to be a bed , and be a time , and be the same be a time .	China has been unfairly subsidizing the export of cars & , auto parts . I've been saying this for 3 years . . .
The more your sister for the matter .	Don't let them build a wind turbine in your backyard ( or near your house ) . It will destroy your property value .
Call her her again !	Via washingtonpost: ""The Donald's video should have trumped Eastwood"" by CapehartJ
What ’ s not then ?	My gretawire interview
What ’ s the more ' s bed !	Oil would be $25 a barrel if our government would let us drill . Our country would be rich again--who needs OPEC .
Love , it not .	Technology has shown we have tremendous energy resources right under our feet that we didn't know about 5 years ago .
What ’ s a knight !	Obama should play golf with Republicans & , opponents rather than his small group of friends . That way maybe the terrible gridlock would end .
The one I pray you , and the one that the one of the one ’ s one , come to the other men .	danojano AFreespeechzone Dopey--I have never filed for bankruptcy ( as you know ! )
Who ’ s a ”	angela_pink_fan celebapprentice bretmichaels Tune in !
Who hath lost a man ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s lost .	RowRee It will be fantastic !
You are welcome again !	Filming for CelebApprentice Season 13 is now into the 2nd week . The 'All-Star' cast is already hard at work .
I ’ ll come in his speech .	Obama killed over 100k jobs by not approving Keystone XL pipeline and Canada is now selling the oil to China--very dumb !
The way of a long go to a way is full of his way .	I'll be on gretawire tonight at 10 PM Fox News
Who ’ s a ” a her ” and her ” and her ” and her ’ s her ”	Our soldiers can't even have any more joint exercises with Afghan soldiers because they are getting shot in the ( cont )
In the time , sir , then , and this life !	Can you believe--they are blaming MittRomney for Egypt .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	. RICKYMONEY I don't know a lot about failures . And as you know , I never went bankrupt .
.	. lightjzup Industrial turbines are destroying our land .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Liberal press won't look into why Obama ignored security warnings for embassies but is obsessed with Romney's private comments .
Why , sir , by the time .	None of Romney's leaked comments change the fact that Obama is a complete disaster . 20% real unemployment and $6T in deficit spending .
What ’ s men Which ’ s the worst is the worst ?	It's Tuesday . How many more non-stories will the liberal media try to manufacture so everyone ignores Obama's record ?
Who ’ s the more ’ s the people ’ s the matter .	The majority of Americans agree with MittRomney's comments on Israel and Iran .
Who ’ s a times the Great the Great the Great the Moor .	With 49 days until the election , MittRomney needs to stay on offense . He should not be apologizing . Deflect onto Obama's record .
What ’ s a king ’ s a king !	This morning nbc todayshow played some of the RNC video I filmed for the Tampa Convention
The time to her heart .	My nbc todayshow interview discussing my RNC video & , why MittRomney should not apologize
The secret of ’ s eyes .	My SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing QE3 , MittRomney's leaked comments , Middle East & , US oil capability
What ’ s a sir !	It's Thursday and again I ask--how much money is China stealing from us ?
In your an an ass , when thou art the moon against the world .	princeetornam They had both interest and aptitude . They've done a terrific job .
What say .	Now a small country like Sudan tells Obama he can't send any more Marines We are a laughing stock .
Who ’ s a	rdowns I never went bankrupt . Enemies love to say I did . Didn't happen .
Who had I a hair of his hair ' Great was of his hair !	At the National Achievers Congress in London this October , I'm going to talk about success and how to avoid failure
.	I'll be at Liberty University Monday , 10 AM , for speech . Looking forward to meeting students--all sold out !
I will be on a bed , and that I have a talk of a talk of a talk of a talk of one of one of one of her .	""A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have . "" -- Pres . Abraham Lincoln
Who ’ s the more ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	China is now attacking Japan's economy for leverage Soon they will try the same with us . #TimeToGetTough
The way they are on the way to the way .	It's Monday , how many more excuses will Obama make today about the economy ?
The thoughts of your thoughts and her thoughts ’ s thoughts !	While Obama is denying it , he did receive intelligence about the attacks 3 days before Too busy campaigning ?
What ’ s Love ’ s new letters !	Still a buyer's market . Buy directly from a bank . They want to offload properties that have defaulted , will give good prices & , financing .
What was a man ’ s a certain , but a bad gone !	Eli Manning staged a great comeback in 4th quarter--an elite quarterback .
Why , I so much : it is .	With 50 days until the election , it is #TimeToGetTough for MittRomney & , GOP
What ’ s a woman ?	Teachers in Chicago should go back to work immediately . Rahm Emanuel has offered them a fair deal . Now they're just acting for the cameras .
The love of the way of her call .	Gas prices have doubled under Obama . Over $5/gallon now in California . We must start drilling from our own resources to become independent .
What ’ s Love ?	Obama is our unlucky President . Everything he touches turns into a mess . Some people just don't have it !
What love I love ’ s the man !	""Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough , they're not going to win this election'"" Via thehill
Call her “ sister in her sister !	Via digitaljournal: ""Donald Trump tweets Obama is 'an incompetent President'""
Who ’ s a crown ?	After being ripped off for years , Obama finally figured out that China is taking advantage of us . He's finally listening to me .
Who ’ s a great her work .	Kate Middleton is great--but she shouldn't be sunbathing in the nude--only herself to blame .
If you run , I will run for you .	Occupy Wall Street is at it again- go out and get a job . It's actually easier work and far more rewarding .
What love I love ?	""Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world , except money . ""--Johnny Cash
The time ’ s a time for her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s men ’ s a time for a work .	Hey KimKardashian--I hear you are undecided in the election . I can explain why you should vote for MittRomney .
Love ’ s free it was a fault .	If you want to know how to prevail through tough circumstances then read ""The Art of the Comeback . ""
What ’ s a place of her soul .	First Obama says Egypt is not an ally . Then he promises to keep handing over aid Incompetent and unqualified .
Hark the the the the world ’ s people have the sun that the sun ’ s people have been the sun of the sun ’ s bed of her men of her men ’ s bed	No surprise--Obama's Deputy Campaign Manager tweeted link from Chinese propaganda outlet Did she also write it ?
Call her my love her sister .	QE3 is going to further sink the dollar into oblivion . Creates artificial numbers for short term market gains . ( cont )
From the matter ’ s her ” Was ’ s her ”	Shawn_Maynard This is our 13th season . No precise date yet but most likely in the early spring . Shooting is underway . Will be terrific .
What ’ s ha ’ s a man ’ s heart ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s	Steelchecker Jody--Agreed .
The men ’ s the Great of his youth !	Why doesn't Obama let our marines who are guarding the embassies in Egypt have live ammunition ? They need it fast .
What ’ s the king ’ s men should hear him .	It's amazing--hardball_chris has completely lost all connections to reality . He is a complete shill for Obama .
.	ScottSaia23 Thanks Scott . I appreciate your nice words .
What never to be , let ’ s never give the matter .	Josh_Beaupre Josh--Thanks , I think you're right .
From her and that thou shalt be not to her again to her	MaryEnglish67 USAToday Sometimes that's necessary .
Will the time to her that the use of a thing ?	Amazing--playing with an ankle injury , Yankees Captain Derek Jeter tied Willie Mays last night for #10 on ( cont )
God have my mercy upon my mercy , for my lord .	Via starpulse: ""Donald Trump Calls Barack Obama 'Incompetent'""
What ’ s I pray you are the time !	My CNBCClosingBell interview discussing QE3 , the housing market , my stock picks and the 2012 election
The more run for the time I had a work in her —	Oh no , another rapper doing a Trump song --""Young Jeezy - Trump Lyrics . "" Why aren't these guys paying me ?
What ’ s the new sign !	HeinzPak usatoday That could be . Agreed .
Who came to one that did be in the second days .	BuckingSlams Sam , you're 100% correct . Frankly I wish they'd scram .
The time he was the soldier ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s part on ’ s the time of her ”	I hate USAToday's redesign--the logo is terrible . Lightweight Al Neuharth must've had something to do with this No wonder paper is failing .
What ’ s the more ’ s of the often ’ s time !	foxandfriends in two minutes .
Who ’ s a fair ho !	WOW ! I just heard that the previously unknown singer Mac Miller has received over 67 million hits on his song ""Donald Trump . ""
Who was but the hours of men ’ tis great lost .	""Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program . "" -- Milton Friedman
Who ’ s a ”	Must see video--Obama's criticism of MittRomney is identical to Carter's on Reagan
Who ’ s a work and a voice of a voice .	I keep getting great feedback on new #TRUMP cologne 'Success . ' Exclusively available at Macy's And best shirts & , ties
What more look you at her men or her ?	Congratulations to Obama and the DNC . The federal deficit has topped $1T for a fourth year in a row Nice work !
What ’ s men have ’ s men should run for the way .	Welcome to Obama's America--record high poverty and an 8% drop in median household family income Four more years ?
Who is for the one that is but to the way !	. MittRomney should continue to stay on offense on the embassy issue . Obama , who put these radicals in power , deserves blame .
Who ’ s people for her men ’ s ’ s peace for the matter .	Obama's convention bounce is gone . MittRomney has retaken the lead in the latest RasmussenPoll
The time we have ’ s men in her ' th ' th ' th ' ll run to her .	It's Thursday , how many more bias press reports will be released against MittRomney ?
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Why are we still giving billions of dollars we don't have in foreign aid to the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt ?
Call it a great men ?	I will be speaking Monday , September 24 , ( 10 A . M . ) at Liberty University , to a record setting student body . I look forward to it !
Who ’ s a one ’ s bed and say ’ s a ”	The media is pathetic . Our embassies are savaged by radicals while Obama does nothing and all they can do is criticize MittRomney .
The very thought the very thought of a very well done !	What a coincidence that Obama's good friends in Libya and Egypt picked 9/11 to attack our embassies .
Who I ’ s a ”	With allies like Egypt and Libya , who needs enemies ? !
What ’ s love ’ s her ?	Shouldn't there have been increased security at our embassies on the anniversary of 9/11 ?
What ’ s a ”	Obama told NBC that Egypt is no longer an ally . They used to be until he pushed out Mubarak .
The time I hope that we may be the rest of this hour of the rest have the rest of her men ’ s bed of the rest of her sleep of the rest of this may be the rest of this .	Filming of the record 13th season of CelebApprentice has started . Be sure to be on the lookout for future updates .
What ’ s the last , the last loved it !	Wake Up America ! See article: ""Israeli Science: Obama Birth Certificate is a Fake""
What that I should think of his brother ?	If Obama was smart , he would cancel the Muslim Brotherhood's WH visit later this month . He won't .
Let her be with her .	Romney’s campaign is being put on the defensive . He cannot let this happen . Stop pandering . Must get tougher ( cont )
What is no longer .	With the high prices of corn to continue expect even more inflation on the price of food .
Faith , sir , to her her work .	Obama's foreign policy is a complete and total disaster--the worst President we have ever had .
The men ’ s her ” Who in the people ’ s our work .	We threw our ally Mubarak overboard and Egypt is now our enemy . Great going Obama--Israel is in trouble .
Will be the more than you ’ s one , and a one of a one .	This is all about American weakness and an incompetent President .
What I am read , I ’ ll read , sir , ’ s a thank you .	Weakness , cow towing and not standing firm is provocative . We are getting pushed around and robbed under this President .
And the morning and tomorrow the morning ’ s great our great our great our people !	""The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary . "" -- Vince Lombardi
Call it once again .	Our $16T national debt is now bigger than our $15T GDP . If Obama is re-elected watch for an economic meltdown in 2013 .
Who ’ s a time ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s her ”	Deja vu - I can remember a time when our embassies were stormed under another failed President . Obama=Carter .
What ’ s coming ?	I guess Obama's Cairo Speech really worked out . The Muslim Brotherhood stormed our embassy on 9 . 11 . Imagine if Obama speaks in Beijing ?
The very the very strange of her men ’ s never should be of the matter .	""Those who refuse to draw red line to Iran don't have the moral right to put a red line to Israel . "" -- IsraeliPM netanyahu
Good my lord , a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of his part ,	No surprise . DNC displayed Russian ships in tribute to vets Did they mean to honor the Russians ?
I would like a son all son , and the same son , and very happy day , and most much merry .	Obama will go down as the worst President in history on many topics but especially foreign policy .
The part of the world ’ s French in the world .	""It's disgraceful that the Obama Administration's first response was not to condemn attacks on our diplomatic ( cont )
The best as the best to her being in the best .	So Obama can host the Muslim Brotherhood Pres . Morsi in the White House but doesn't have time for netanyahu ?
Who I ’ s her her ” ’ s her ’ s her ”	OPEC will use yesterday's attacks on our embassies to raise the price of gas . They are always ripping us off .
Call the man the man ’ s bed .	It's Wednesday , how many more of our embassies will be stormed by Islamists ?
The more ’ s a say , and her that needs have a sin , change the man ’ s a man ’ s bed .	What did we get for fighting in Libya besides a dead Ambassador . Demand their oil .
The more I pray you , and the people ’ s eyes .	As bad as they were , I don't remember our embassies being attacked when Mubarak and Gaddafi were in power .
The people , your duty ’ s eyes !	The Middle East is blowing up--we didn't back Egypt and now they riot against us . Iran is using Iraqi airspace , ( cont )
The best as the best to her father ’ s the best of her .	Obama is a disaster at foreign policy . Never had the experience or knowledge . He is not capable of doing the job .
Call it to her that ’ s a soldier !	. MarketMavensInc #asktrump
Who ’ s but but it looks , and it looks the matter and ’ s looks but but the matter ’ s eyes and make a work of her but it looks of the matter and the people ’ s eyes and the looks	Libya is selling its oil to China--I notice the Chinese Ambassador is very safe .
What ’ s the woman !	I always said the people we fought for in Libya were bad news . Once again , I was right .
What ’ s a time to be like a sir , sir , come to the matter for the matter to be a thing .	Obama doesn't know what he's doing . His foreign policy is a disaster . Libya , Egypt , Iraq , Afghanistan--all ( cont )
The love I love the her that in the man in the sun ’ s love ’ s love the sun I ’ s love of the sun ’ s bed	An attack on our Embassy is an attack on our soil . We have been attacked by Libya . Go into Libya & , take the ( cont )
The time is it he given it his state , For this the matter .	We fight to free Libya and they kill our Ambassador and other Americans . Obama's foreign policy is a joke .
Why , my lord , you ’ s call it .	When will Obama next go on vacation if he wins the election ? The day after .
Love ?	Why is the Pentagon wasting precious dollars on going 'green . ' Complete waste . We need the best & , easiest fuel for our military .
What ’ s love ’ s a love in the Thanks ’ s love ’ s the matter would have a love of her love a more of her ”	I hope the GOP realizes that if they blow this election the Tea Party won't be with them next time .
What ’ s a Love ?	""There is no instance of a nation benefitting from prolonged warfare . "" -- Sun Tzu
Call her “ sign ’ s the work !	""If Obama wins it is the end of the Republican party . "" -- limbaugh
Why , will you run for the more ’ s will I have ’ ll run for the will run .	Amazing . CelebApprentice has started filming our record 13th season this week thanks to our big and very loyal fan base .
The great great him .	Priorities--while fundraising and campaigning on our dime , Obama has skipped over 50% of his intel briefings
What a man is a man of his word , would he would be his word .	China is an international pariah . They are now harassing Japan over its purchase of 3 uninhabited islands
The the matter	Why won't Obama release his college applications ? Is there something 'foreign' about them ?
The name your name on your name of her eyes !	84% of US troops wounded & , 70% of our brave men & , women killed in Afghanistan have all come under Obama . Time to get out of there .
What ’ s the other of her call to work .	Whatever happened to Obama's 'independent investigation' into national security leaks from his administration ? Where's the media ?
In the answer of your answer , my answer , sir , to the answer of the matter .	The onus of the Chicago teachers' strike falls squarely on the teachers & , their union . Inexcusable to leave children without school .
Let me be so make this matter .	On this solemn day of remembrance we can all take joy in the fact that Bin Laden's last sight was a Navy SEAL pulling the trigger .
Come , ho , ’ s a bed , run !	""Trump: If Republicans 'don't get tough , they're not going to win this election'"" via thehill
What ’ s the more , ’ s my lord , ’ s ’ s the way , run for the time ’ s part of her	My SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview with Ken Langone & , Dick Grasso discussing the Chicago teachers' strike @ 2012
I did bid me be , that my lord ?	Discussing the 9/11 attack and coverage with kingsthings while hosting the 25th anniversary of his CNN show
We are what we have a work , that is not so .	An impromptu interview I did with German TV on 9/11 down by Ground Zero discussing the attack and WTC Towers
Must be a Who ’ s her ” But that ’ s ’ s the matter of her ”	Today we remember and honor our fellow Americans and NYPD and FDNY who fell 11 years ago .
Who ’ s no more ’ s a times a times the people .	Obama called August's job report ""progress . "" Overall , 96K new jobs & , over 173K new people on food stamps
As I have said the people ’ s dead and our work .	""You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals . ""--General George S . Patton
Be sure to hear her men ’ s crown from the other of her ’ s crown to the people ’ s hear of her	Why has Barack Obama repeatedly told inconsistent stories about his religious background ? Who is he ?
For all they said all the matter will be done .	Barack Obama used to mock Bush's 300K monthly job reports Now Obama wishes he could have a month half as good .
The soldiers in the soldiers in the earth of fire .	""President Obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated on the American people""--Clint Eastwood
Who is the the looks of her in the matter !	Obama asked a 7 yr old for his birth certificate . He's ""in your face"" because the Republicans dropped the ball . ( cont )
Who ’ s the new “ write in the new ?	In today's #trumpvlog I speak about Clint Eastwood , the #DNC , and Drew Peterson-
Who for the people ’ s a matter !	""You have enemies ? Good . That means you've stood up for something , sometime in your life . "" -- Winston Churchill
The best fortune of all the fortune ’ s fortune . ” For ’ s the best of her ” It is the better fortune ’ s her of her ”	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM . Tune in !
.	One of the best moves I ever made was staying out of last decade's artificial real estate boom . But I used the downturn to my advantage .
The time is an ass .	During BarackObama's presidency , median family income has fallen 4 . 8% Terrible for the middle class .
The best fortune of all the fortune ’ s fortune . ” For ’ s the best of her ” It is the better fortune ’ s her of her ”	A lot of people strongly advised me against doing ApprenticeNBC . Next week we start filming the record 13th seasonHence , go with your gut !
Why say ’ s a ” ’ s bed by the matter of her ’ s ’ s ’ s more of her ”	If BarackObama had to use the same labor participation he had when he entered office then the unemployment number would be 11 . 2%
And the her men where ’ s crown as the crown , The people ’ s the matter !	This chart from AEI's JimPethokoukis shows how terrible BarackObama's 'recovery' really is: Disaster .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Unemployment rate only dropped because more people are out of labor force & , have stopped looking for work . Not a real recovery , phony numbers
What ’ s sleep , Not that thou sleep ?	There are now 119 , 000 fewer Americans employed than there were in July . The economy is still terrible .
Will you be so ?	Today's job report is dismal . Now a record 88 , 921 , 000 Americans are no longer in the work force .
Not that your hear of her hear .	Drew Peterson , a real sleaze , just convicted of killing wife . Change the law so he gets death penalty .
.	Dems had a very good and professional convention . The Republicans must be smart and tough--and fast !
The time I thank you , ’ s my lord .	The Republicans must get Virgil Goode out of the race in Virginia . He will take votes away from MittRomney .
I thank you to the house ’ s the house , and it is the house , I thank you to the house of the house ’ s of the house	The YouTube of the 2012 Miss USA contestants , GiulianaRancic and me singing ""Call Me Maybe"" has over 2M views .
Good my lord , ’ s great a great soldier to be a part of the great her .	Under BarackObama , 1 out of every 7 Americans is on food stamps .
What ?	Scary--while BarackObama has been POTUS for 1 . 6% of America's history , he has amassed 33 . 3% of the total debt .
Who will you be in her men ’ s was called that was a soldier .	""We've gone from $10 trillion that the president inherited from all prior presidents to $16 trillion"" -- MittRomney
Who is like a man ’ s bed , and Antony and win the heart for the sun !	""Forty-seven million now on food stamps . When he came to office there were 32 million . He's added 15 million people . "" --MittRomney
Are you to a men a sin to her men ?	The Chinese are mistreating Hillary Clinton on her trip They have zero respect for us . Outrageous !
.	Remember while BarackObama is lauding himself tonight with self-indulgent compliments we have our brave soldiers fighting in Afghanistan .
Call it not her her her that ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	After BarackObama's speech tonight--which should be well delivered--reality will hit Friday morning when the new jobs report is released .
Go with all these of these men .	The delegates at the DNC convention keep shouting ""Four More Years . "" Four more years of 18% real unemployment and another $6T in debt ?
What said we would never leave a soldier .	Now we will never know if BarackObama would have been able to fill Bank of America Stadium . Pretty convenient .
The Great her tonight !	. BarackObama is now taking credit for changing party platform language but he reviewed it prior to the convention
A man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of his part hath lost ’ s part of a man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s a ” A ”	""Donald Trump Has Given Millions To Pro-Romney SuperPACs and His Whole Family Is Cutting Checks to Mitt's Campaign""
The man is the man ’ s office for the office and the office and the office of the office and the office and the office for the office for the office for the office for the office and the man ’ s cause of the office for her	Iran is flying supply planes to Syria through Iraqi airspace . Thank you , United States , for making this possible !
Who ’ s a more ’ s more than the Thanks .	Bill Clinton did a great job last night--the Democrats are lucky to have him . Do you really believe he likes BarackObama ?
The time if you run .	Once again under@BarackObama , the US has fallen down the ranks of global competitiveness We must do better .
Why , not too much upon the matter or fear .	Other networks are begging me to do a show--I can't because I'm doing the Apprentice !
The hour of the wind .	""Change before you have to . "" --Jack Welch
The more for a one of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times .	Scary thought--is the sexual pervert Anthony Weiner now in Charlotte ? Did he bring his phone with him ?
The little of leave the while thou came from the many of her one .	The Democrats dropped all references to God from their platform . Not good !
Who was there once too .	Have you seen the new #TRUMP line of clothing , apparel and fragrances Macy's ? Selling like hotcakes . Great for Christmas gifts , etc .
The man he ’ s great a man ’ s great soldier .	Better off ? The $16T US debt works out to $136 , 260 per household , a 50% increase since BarackObama took office .
Why , I hope my children are like a children , like good good good good good good good .	North Carolina is a fantastic state with wonderful people . I enjoy my time there when I visit Trump National Charlotte .
What thou dost sleep ?	I wish the 23 million who are unemployed were able to celebrate like the Democrats in Charlotte right now .
Who , the people ’ s the soul To her “ Did ’ s the sun to her ” To her ” To her ” To her ” To her ” To her men ’ s her ” As ’ s her ” To work her work her ”	Almost every T . V . show is asking me to go on--especially the Late_Show . It's simple--I get the ratings !
Our country is the country ’ s the matter .	. serenawilliams is a special player . After winning the Gold for the US in the Olympics , it looks like she will ( cont )
Why , a fair one fair her .	With all the talk of fiscal responsibility at the DNC convention yesterday , it was ironic that the debt passed $16T .
What ’ s her there is a work of her Hath it ’ s	. lancearmstrong , revise your decision to quit--go back and fight .
What should be run for the time .	Why does US doping agency destroy an American icon , lancearmstrong , for events that took place years ago in France ?
Here I am with a man and her bed and one ’ s one of the matter and I am with a man and her	. lancearmstrong teammate is angry and jealous--he is no Lance .
A woman ’ s woman , and a fine treason !	Very good speech by MichelleObama--and under great pressure--Dems should be proud !
The sun cannot be of the devil ’ s eyes , ” ’ s mother ’ s ”	No surprise . BarackObama is letting the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt default on their US loans Big mistake !
What ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more !	July USA construction had biggest drop in 12months . Bad indicator on economic numbers for rest of the year .
Why , that should be the next hours .	What message does it send when BarackObama's campaign has to spin whether America is better off than it was 4 years ago ?
Call it up and never never her bed .	OPEC is better off than they were 4 years ago . Gas has more than doubled during BarackObama's term . Outrageous !
Call it .	The Chinese are better off than they were 4 years ago . They have stolen even more from us in jobs & , trade during BarackObama's term .
I will be on a bed at her ” Come , ho !	NBC Wall St Journal Poll of African American voters: 94% BarackObama , 0% MittRomney . Even worse than Hillary's old numbers . Is that racism ?
Call it .	With our national debt passing $16T during the DNC convention , BarackObama has amassed more debt than the first 42 presidents . Scary .
.	Record setting gas prices in the USA -- we're really looking dumb . Lots of $'s being made on us .
The better that gives the better than to her men ’ s work .	The media can track down PaulRyan's old girlfriend and marathon time but can't find BarackObama's college applications or other info .
Remember our brave men that ’ s people had done this country !	Smart move by BarackObama having Pres . Bill Clinton deliver the DNC convention keynote .
The matter to make a plague upon the office .	Is this Hope & , Change ? A record 46 . 7M Americans were on food stamps this past June . We must do better .
What ’ s a men ’ s a men ’ s bed of her ’ s men ’ s her ’ s men of her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed of her ”	Why does BarackObama have such a fascination with my plane ? He is more than welcomed to come for a ride .
What ’ s her ” ’ s the sun will see her men ’ s hear her men ’ s hear her men ’ s hear her men ’ s hear her men ’ s hear her men ’ s bed ’ s hear her men ’ s bed	Joe Paterno's family should sue the idiots PennState that made that ridiculous deal--and commissioned the one sided report .
Why , shall you from a company .	""Be yardstick of quality . Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected . "" -- Steve Jobs
Who ’ s a week me , sir , and a week .	As I predicted 1 year ago , gasoline prices hit a record high today . . . OPEC is having a ball at our expense .
What best to your best to let us make every day Make us that the day Make us .	Great going Andy Roddick ! Another victory for a fabulous player . Brooklyn Decker is good luck .
Why , shall you from a company .	I win awards for speaking-but the enemies either won't comment or will say only bad . . . leave Clint alone !
The time to make a speech before some speech of her speech !	If you have a speech-one that would put Winston Churchill to shame , liberals would find a way to make it sound terrible !
Remember , a friend of a friend of her friend !	MELANIATRUMP on QVC tonight with her fabulous Melania Timepieces & , Jewelry . Tune in at 1AM EST !
The time We hope We have ’ s hope , We have thank you !	Republicans are always saying Obama is such a nice guy . When will they learn that he is not ?
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” And ’ s her sister ’ s her sister ’ s her ”	Andy Roddick . . . a great tennis player is a fantastic guy with a wonderful wife .
With the matter and her that ’ s one of her .	Republicans should have been much tougher on Obama . Just wait until you see what Obama does to Romney at the DNC !
There ’ s the first of her ” ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	China is now deploying drones across ocean routes used for trade They stole the technology from us .
Why , my father ’ s his father ’ s men can make the matter .	. BarackObama's assault on coal and gas and oil will send energy and manufacturing jobs to China . "" --MittRomney
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s her ”	I am sure the Chinese are getting anxious . They watch the polls . MittRomney won't let them cheat us anymore .
Who in the streets of her men would be like a thousand if you were like a general .	We have all the cards . Now is the time to make a great deal with Iran .
In the man , that thou shalt sleep , Do you sleep ?	. GovMikeHuckabee was great the other night . People love him .
What 's a matter , there you see there !	""Obama's ideas don't move us 'Forward , ' they take us 'Backwards . ' These are ideas people come to America to get away from . "" --marcorubio
What ’ s the time , let ’ s bed .	. MittRomney's entire life and career have built prosperity and growth .
Who ’ s a one ’ s a ” and her ”	I loved watching Clint Eastwood last night--he was terrific !
Why , my mother , my mother ’ s love and the true .	""If you accept the expectations of others , especially negative ones , then you will never change the outcome . "" -- Michael Jordan
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ”	Gas prices are about to hit a record high during the Labor Day weekend . BarackObama could have stopped this .
Be much of her .	It's Friday , how many advertisers dropped HuffPost today ?
Let you be all of her hear the worst o ' th ' times at the times at all the times	A fact--golfers don't get aches & , pains like others who don't golf . It is amazingly remedial .
What ’ s to her lord , you are the whole Think ’ s as ’ s eyes and have been enough to the world .	Of course hardball_chris attacked 'birthers' in praising CondoleezzaRice's speech . Chris has completely lost it .
Can you be the marriage ?	Letterman Late_Show begging me to go back on his low rated show--calls lots--must apologize for racist comment .
The place of it comes before the work in the work of her work .	Too busy playing golf ? BarackObama sends form letters with an electronic signature to the parents of fallen SEALs
The of her ” Who ’ s her ” , Who , ’ s ’ s ’ s of her ”	I am impressed with how clearly PaulRyanVP explains the challenges we face and the solutions MittRomney will bring as President .
The great do be in the great general — He is made a most wise of great wise .	Book on Bin Laden is a terrible violation of code--makes BarackObama's story a big lie .
As that ’ s a man in his wit , They have a matter .	I wonder what JoeBiden was thinking last night as PaulRyanVP delivered that knockout speech . Joe should call in sick for the VP debate .
What ’ s her ” ’ s a ” to her ”	""After four years of getting the run-around , America needs a turnaround , and the man for the job is Governor Mitt Romney . "" PaulRyanVP
The matter to her ’ s people he ’ s work .	The dummies left Iraq ( and Libya ) without the oil !
A most dear friend where ’ s a man should be a very dear and and and ’ s heart , and and the matter , and the men should be the men should be the men ’ s bed , and her men should be a	""Let me say it as clearly as possible , that the attack on my Catholic brothers and sisters is an attack on me . "" -- GovMike Huckabee
A should for a man ’ s a thing for a thing ?	Congratulations to GovMikeHuckabee on last night's tremendous speech . Mike united the party faithful and explained that we can do better .
Who made a very better — A most noble — A most noble man !	Only two weeks until we start shooting CelebApprentice . We really have something amazing for the fans this year .
What ’ s a soldier , and ’ s good ’ s a good ’ s ’ s ’ s a good of her .	Gas prices are way too high . With an economy contracting and lower demand , how do OPEC & , the speculators get away with this ? !
Great gives him a man ’ s bed , ’ s will be !	Even the SEALS who killed Bin Laden don't like JoeBiden
I think of his men should be a Though he hath a Though he could be seen .	I was putting together my early deals in New York & , I was advised by many that I was too young . Believe in yourself & , you can do anything .
Call her a very was a work of her ” .	China's media is attacking MittRomney while endorsing BarackObama Of course . Mitt knows it's Time To Get Tough .
The more was in the true .	I am astonished that the media continues to lie . BarackObama gutted welfare reform . It is a fact !
Call it .	""America needs MittRomney and PaulRyanVP and we need them right now . "" -- GovChristie
Do not for the best but for your own best ’ s best but the best of his best Have Andrew .	""No one will work harder . No one will move heaven and earth like Mitt Romney to make this country a better place to live ! "" -- AnnDRomney
Who ’ s a ”	""New business start-ups at the lowest level in 30 years and the EPA is now the Employment Prevention Agency . "" -- bobmcdonnell
Why , that ’ s a more that ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more as ’ s that ’ s that ’ s a ”	It's Wednesday , how much money is China stealing from us today ?
Call her love !	Great speech by my good friend GovChristie . He did something you won't hear at BarackObama's convention---tell the truth .
Who ’ s a bed !	My SquawkCNBC #TrumpTuesday interview discussing the 2012 election , OPEC ripping us off & , MittRomney's job policy
What ’ s the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more !	Congratulations to AnnDRomney on delivering a knock out speech last night . America can't wait to call her our First Lady .
What ’ s but the thing is too !	An excerpt of my TheBrodyFile interview at the Sarasota 'Statesman of the Year' dinner discussing the Tea Party
Why , you are my lord , So good good good good good good .	China must be worried that MittRomney will win this November . They have never had such a pushover like BarackObama .
Call her her her again .	What a coincidence--Michelle Obama called Kenya BarackObama's ""homeland"" in 2008
Call her her again , her daughters ' daughters ' th ' daughters ' daughters ' th ' daughters ' th ' daughters ' daughters , her daughters ' th ' daughters ' daughters ' daughters ' daughters ' daughters ' th ' th ' th ' daughters !	. BarackObama's dismal job record is reason alone that he must be defeated this November .
Come to the daughter ’ s daughter !	I am very worried that if BarackObama is re-elected then Medicare will be destroyed . We must take care of our seniors .
What ’ s a say ’ s a good ’ s ' s ' th ' ll make a work of a ”	I can't wait to read this . . . RT Newsmax_Media: SEAL Book Explodes , Obama Furious
Call her her , Who , her !	. BarackObama's Super PAC has continually called MittRomney a ""murderer"" Ironic since Obama is destroying Medicare .
I will be a Who in his people in a one of her that .	""I stand ready to lead us down a new path , where we are lifted up by our desire to succeed , not by a resentment of success . "" -- MittRomney
No wonder to the dead !	It's Tuesday--how much inflation has BarackObama's spending caused today on the price of food and gas ?
The men ’ s mind !	. GovChristie is going to do a fantastic job tonight explaining why MittRomney should be elected and BarackObama has to go .
Call her a ” “ Who ’ s her ” ?	. MELANIATRUMP and I are looking forward to watching AnnDRomney's speech tonight . She is an amazing woman who will be a great First Lady !
Bring , sir , lost him but , and what a woman ’ s speak .	Happy to hear that ralphreed's Faith and Freedom chapters are at the RNC convention supporting MittRomney . We must be united to win !
What is ’ s killed !	Remember when ariannahuff ran for Governor of California . She got 3 votes .
Who is the people ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s again to her	""Trump urges GOP to be 'mean as hell'"" Via CNNPolitics
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s work of her ' tis the office .	Ask China if their rapidly expanding ( with our money ) Navy or Armed Forces are going ""green"" -- They would laugh in your face !
Why , a thing is too much of a touch of her touch of her touch of her touch of her ' s thought too much too much of her work too much of her work too much of her work too much .	. RobinRoberts everyone adores you- including me- get well fast !
Who there ’ s the matter that Great Octavia !	My FoxNews TeamCavuto interview discussing the RNC Convention , businesses making products in China and unemployment
And I ’ s the second from the second left .	The Bay Bridge in San Francisco is being built by the Chinese--tremendous cost overruns . A total mess . We should build our own bridges , etc
Come of it is but that gives her men ’ s men of her .	Don't think my statement on ariannahuff was harsh , if you knew her and the phony Huffington Post you would understand--- more to follow .
What , ’ s a dear her again to her ”	. ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out . I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision .
What ’ s a men ’ s work of her men ’ s work of her men ’ s work by her men of her men ’ s men ’ s work of her ”	. FinancialTimes writes that ""BarackObama should pray that China overtakes US"" Don't worry , he is making it happen .
Who hath her men her never thought to her work .	The US Navy wants to go ""green . "" Our Navy should use the best & , most powerful fuel & , not play games . Give me a break !
Who to her ” to her ” Who ’ s her ”	As usual , the weather people got it wrong in Tampa . They just look for headlines & , ratings !
Who ’ s a man in a ”	Media silent when BarackObama called MittRomney a murderer & , felon . Mitt mentions 'birth certificate' and they go nuts . Double standard !
Who comes my lord at the work of her !	. BarackObama has completely failed the American people . USA annual incomes have fallen over 5% during his term
Who ’ s a one ’ s bed ’ s ”	""They succeed , because they think they can . "" -- Virgil
From my lord , some news with my friends , at the matter and my friends , but to be a friends , for some news with a friends with a friends , and my friends with my friends , and my friends with a friends .	Look what happened to the autism rate from 1983-2008 since one-time massive shots were given to children-
What comes out of a man and wisdom that wisdom , and that he hath been a ”	It is very sad to see what BarackObama has done with NASA . He has gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians .
Why , as long to her reason , and reason .	. dixierhilton #asktrump
Who hath the men ’ s men ’ s bed , ’ s the day of day ?	Sorry to hear of the passing of Neil Armstrong over the weekend . He was an American hero .
The very born made a very strong and very noble men of his mind .	One point I made last night and will continue to push is that the GOP can't be pollitically correct . We must fight fire with fire .
.	I knew Chris Matthews when he was sane and , quite honestly , wonderful . Now he's gone off the deep end as an Obama surrogate . hardball_chris
To show you how the matter with her , sir , ’ s my lord , and the matter to her	Why do the Republicans keep apologizing on the so called ""birther"" issue ? No more apologies--take the offensive !
Why , should her part her that she hath power of the power that she hath power .	""The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success . "" --Irving Berlin
The more ’ s a one of my life .	. BarackObama is begging the Eurozone to keep Greece in until after 11 . 6 . 12 . He thinks the world revolves around his re-election .
Will be on a bed , why , and this morning .	. BarackObama sent over 100 , 000 jobs and Canadian oil to China all because he would not approve Keystone XL .
The world hath gone of the world hath fire .	I am sure the NCGOP will do a great job bracketing the DNC convention . They are a tremendous statewide organization .
Go , let this be her from the watch .	It's Friday . How many bald eagles did wind turbines kill today ? They are an environmental & , aesthetic disaster .
Who , the Great was and Cassio and on ’ s ’ s ’ s time .	. DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America' is expanding to over 1 , 000 theaters this weekend . Will be highest grossing documentary in 2012 . ! !
What ’ s the truth ’ s a truth ’ s part of the other ’ s part of the truth ’ s the truth of her .	Florida has been very good to me . I am really esxcited to give back at the Sarasota GOP event and RNC convention . Will be fun !
Who ’ s a one ?	Life brings you many surprises . As a child I used to vacation with my family at the Doral in Miami . Now I own it .
The matter is he he comes to her of these of her !	Here is a letter I received yesterday from someone who has had personal experience with our health care situation .
Who ’ s my lord ’ s the people have ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of her have ’ s have a more ' s her ”	I am proud of the Tea Party . These great patriots have accomplished so much in strengthening our country in only 3 short years .
The young man , and the man in the man ' th ' York and the York and the York , and the youth of all the man ’ s one of her ” And that I have a man in his York .	Disgusting--BarackObama's supporters are launching an anti-Mormon whisper campaign Shameful but no surprise .
Why , your mind , ” I am , and the better that is .	. BarackObama is bankrupting this country . His budget adds another $4 . 4T to the debt , putting us over $20T in total debt by 2016 .
You know you you , your office , never never will give her love . ” And give a more than a love ” And never more than your office , and never more than your office .	Terrible tragedy at the Empire State Building today . Must have fast trials and death penalty for the animals .
I thank you for the mistress ’ s good good good good ’ s the lady ’ s of her ”	Via theblaze: ""Falwell on Trump: He 'was willing to say publicly' what conservatives said 'privately'""
The more ’ s the matter ’ s part of the matter ’ s part of the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the thing I ’ s the more ’ s ’ s ’ s ' th ' th ' s the matter	Former Navy SEAL Questions BarackObama's birthplace
Who am that fear of her men have been !	Dishonest reporters knowingly write lies that I said , “children should not get vaccinated . ” I believe fully ( cont )
The love you that ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love a more of her ”	. lancearmstrong should immediately reconsider or his legacy is ruined .
What was a great Caesar was , and say , I to say , and a great a great was to see , a great Caesar was a great say , and say you .	I am very surprised that lancearmstrong gave up . I never thought he was a quitter . . .
Call you to bed and bring you to make a wit , And that you are so much as you and make a bed and make a bed and make a bed .	Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood President is visiting us next month . BarackObama is so excited .
The more you would make a wonder make a wonder .	The Muslim brotherhood is sending tanks into the Sinai & , saying it doesn't violate Camp David accord .
The man your work of the man ’ s good , and thank you !	""When your life flashes before your eyes , make sure you've got plenty to watch . "" --Anonymous
What ’ s a never think of her brave sun ’ s day !	A hurricane will be coming to Tampa . My RNC convention surprise hits Monday night !
What ’ s a make a bed !	The independent watchdog who exonerated BarackObama for the failed green energy loans just donated $52 , 500 to Obama's campaign .
Who ’ s a more ’ s her ' tis more .	The opening of #TrumpScotland- an exciting day on perhaps the world's best golf course , watch the video-
The sun , her men ’ s her ” Call her her bed !	. MittRomney will make us energy independent by 2020 BarackObama will keep wasting money on Solyndra projects .
The fair and take you on the matter and on the matter .	ArsenioOFFICIAL You have already made plenty because of me . How about a 50/50 cut ( just joking ) see you soon !
What ’ s a a man ’ s sleep , and ”	. . . Spread shots out over long period and watch positive result .
A more a man with her men , ’ s souls , ’ s the should be of her .	Massive combined inoculations to small children is the cause for big increase in autism . . . .
What , that know ’ s a woman of her .	Amazing--VanityFair survived one more day without folding . The clock is ticking . . .
The men if you have the sin would make it be the people would make her men ’ s work !	In any business venture , remember that branding is one of the most crucial aspects of your enterprise . Fight hard for that brand of yours .
I will be a bed , that will be a thing , and a day , and the day !	""Statesman of the Year"" in Sarasota , FL on Sunday night--will be terrific--a total sellout .
What ’ s the will see you again ?	Wind turbines are a scourge to communities and wildlife . They are environmental disasters .
The people 's the people hath been born !	It is truly an honor that His Eminence Archbishop of New York CardinalDolan will be delivering the benediction at the RNC convention .
What ’ s a bed , a bed !	It's Thursday . I wonder how much money BarackObama drained from Medicare today to finance ObamaCare .
Why , that will never be old .	Great new ad from MittRomney titled ""Nothing's Free"" detailing both the high costs and taxes of ObamaCare .
Call it a very men ’ s work .	Via dcexaminer: ""realDonaldTrump to speak at LibertyU""
Who ’ s the service at the people ’ s the matter at the matter ’ s father ’ s the matter at the matter of her father ’ s bed	It's sad to see once decent newspapers like USAToday failing so badly . I just don't know if they can be saved .
What I would be a voice of her .	One of the best moves I made early in my career was buying the air rights from Tiffany's flagship . Trump Tower gleams over Fifth Avenue .
Have to go now to write and a great night .	""Change is not a destination , just as hope is not a strategy . "" -- Rudy Giuliani
Who ’ s a bed , my lord !	Here's a sneak peek at the DNC convention theme: ""It's not our fault . Blame Bush . Oh , and government built it . ""
Who in the love with her that ’ s love ’ s love a ”	It's Wednesday . I wonder how much money BarackObama borrowed from China today ?
I was the ancient kings of her daughter and her days .	. BarackObama said he doesn't take the Navy Seals campaigning against him ""too seriously . ""
Who ’ s the matter we have ’ s success .	Can't wait to meet patriotic small business owners next week in Sarasota and Tampa ! Hey BarackObama , We Did Build It !
The such a most in the world !	. EdRendell's book , ""A Nation of Wusses"" is an excellent read--especially page 10 . Go get it !
Who ’ s a	Congratulations to Yankees Derek Jeter on passing Eddie Murray last night to become the 11th all-time MLB hit leader .
The matter at the matter .	We are about to have a record $500B trade deficit with the Chinese this year . That money should be back here financing jobs in America .
My speech from her ” Who ’ s last her ”	""Don't find fault . Find a remedy . "" --Henry Ford
My lord ’ s a Cassio ’ s bed	Putin just sent a Russian nuclear sub to the Gulf of Mexico . BarackObama can't be bothered , he is too concerned with MittRomney's taxes .
To the sea of greatness is the greatness ’ s great her of her ’ s men ’ s great work of her of her	Gas prices are soaring . $4 . 12 in CA . OPEC is laughing at how stupid we are .
The time he was the soldier .	. BarackObama was caught telling Russian PM MedvedevRussiaE that he can be more 'flexible' in his second term . Russia thinks he's weak .
I will the best of her men ’ s daughter ’ s ”	My shirts , ties and fragrance are doing ""great"" at Macys--try them ! Make fantastic gifts .
The place is at her men ’ s mind , “ And ’ s true and say , and “ ”	. washingtonpost thinks IvankaTrump is ""What Washington's Social Scene Needs"" Truth is , she's amazing .
Why , you thank you !	""An idealist is a person who helps other people to be prosperous . "" --Henry Ford
What is not something in the means of your own own . ” It is not of his own ”	Many people will be surprised at what is about to be released concerning BarackObama's background . I , for one , won't be .
What love ’ s love ?	It's amazing how many people still come up to me to thank me for 'The Art of The Deal . ' The book has changed a lot of lives .
Who ’ s a ” Who in her hath the Moor hath lost the sun ’ s sun ’ s crown of her men ’ s crown of her ”	I am tired of BarackObama talking about MittRomney's father . Why don't we discuss Barack Obama Sr . !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Only three weeks until the new season of CelebApprentice begins filming--great all-star cast .
This night , sir , by the matter is truly .	Glad to hear BarackObama's attack ad featuring my plane is playing in North Carolina . Free ad time for Trump National in Charlotte !
What be I live in her brother and will you .	Distressed real estate opportunities can make great investments . You need the foresight and instincts to know the property's true potential .
My lord with her ” at her ”	Every economic climate , whether an uptick or downturn , presents new opportunities and challenges .
A one is one that will seek your last , ’ s last .	Amazing--both Transformers & , Dark Knight Rises featured Trump properties and each grossed over $1B . Just coincidence .
If the wind will not give the wind of her .	. RogerJStoneJr was great on TheKudlowReport last night . Roger and Larry are good friends !
Will be the men of her , and write a hour .	It's Tuesday . I wonder how much money HuffPost lost today--great purchase AOL
What ’ s a look to him , I am he is my lord !	Glad to hear that JimTalent has put some strong anti-China referendums in the GOP convention platform .
Call her bed .	We have to get tough with China before they destroy us .
What ’ s men are ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ?	In less than a week I'll be honored by Sarasota GOP as Statesman of the Year & , then give my big surprise to RNC convention . Will be fun !
Let me be a show me a show , and show you it , you ’ s more .	If you have any doubt that BarackObama must be defeated see DineshDSouza's '2016: Obama's America . ' Amazing film !
What ’ s a ” and her ” and her ” and her ’ s heart With the more ’ s again , and her ” and her ” and her her again and her ”	More of my #TRUMPTUESDAY SquawkCNBC interview discussing how the US gets killed negotiating with other countries
What ’ s a man , her ’ s fair and fair ’ s !	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing #TRUMPTUESDAYS high ratings , ToddAkin's statement & , MittRomney's policies
Why , that does see another way to prove a way .	My foxandfriends interview discussing how BarackObama is running a hateful campaign & , the RNC convention 'Surprise'
All !	The WTA released a new #StrongisBeautiful celebrity campaign today . Amazing athletes . Proud to be a part of this .
What ’ s men have to be , and fear you have better better than you have better .	Congratulations to Billy Payne and AugustaNational on doing the right thing .
I to her , I will see you on the show of the show of the show of the show of the matter , I will see thee .	. Rosie , get better fast . I'm starting to miss you !
Nothing ’ s great men without her men ’ s men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed .	""I dream for a living . "" --Steven Spielberg
Who in the great his great her ” Who with her ”	Why are we continuing to train these Afghanis who then shoot our soldiers in the back ? Afghanistan is a complete waste . Time to come home !
Why , a great a great love ’ s love , and thank you !	Unemployment is up in 44 states showing July's unemployment numbers to be broad based BarackObama is a job killer .
What am I am a voice and I am .	Scary thought--JoeBiden is a heartbeat away from the Presidency .
Marry , my lord , The time of this man ’ s one of her !	Americans already believe that PaulRyanVP is better qualified to serve as President over JoeBiden No surprise .
The great a great one that have had been a most like a great soldier .	Oil is rising back over $100 barrel . OPEC loves to rip us off . Why shouldn't they--they always get away with it .
Ay , sir , go to the way .	Congratulations to TheSlyStallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger on 'Expendables 2' #1 box office opening . Still going strong !
Call her his bed ?	""The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary . "" --Vidal Sassoon
The more the more I have more than the money for I thank you for the matter for the matter for the more than the world ’ s part of the more than the world ’ s part of the better for the more than the state ,	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM--tune in !
The men ’ s lost and his rage .	Congratulations to bobmcdonnell on leading Virginia to be in the black for a 3rd straight year . He is a fantastic governor .
In what ’ s life , sir , you will be the matter , you have been more of her life , and you have you have a great her men of her men ’ s life , Which you have you have you have you have	If BarackObama really loved this country , he wouldn't be destroying it . He has ruined our credit and killed jobs with ObamaCare .
The great be , and keep the great Brutus , I ’ s great .	US government's foreign indebtedness has grown over 72% under BarackObama . He is bleeding us dry to China .
The men that the great soldier hath done !	The US government's foreign debt is at a record $5 . 29T China is laughing all the way to the bank .
The men of the great Who hath done !	. MittRomney & , PaulRyanVP get what needs to be done to reign in China . BarackObama gets kicked around by the Chinese .
What 's a matter !	Great speech on China by PaulRyanVP yesterday where he explains why China is treating BarackObama like a ""Doormat""
What 's a matter !	Even NY Democrats are avoiding BarackObama's convention He is dragging his own party down with him
What ’ s a man , that ’ s a good thing is a good mind !	Great sign:""We built this business without government help . Obama can kiss our a-- ! "" Commonly heard now across America !
What ’ s but the world would be more than ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	. DineshDSouza had to give $1 , 000 to BarackObama's brother for his child's hospital bill Isn't that disgraceful ?
Call you my voice .	Via EllonTimesKenny: ""Trump course sparks international interest""
The man are you , and plain man ’ s love you , and very well .	My gretawire interview discussing why BarackObama is not a nice guy , and who will win the 2012 election
Why , her why say ’ t ’ t ’ s hear it !	My FoxNews interview on TeamCavuto discussing why debt commission should be discussed in debates & , RNC convention
I hate the great hath the great him to the great great .	Jeffrey Robinson's #TrumpTower has it all . The ultra rich , powerful , and beautiful . It's your summer must-read .
In the bed , Who , was he , he was of nature , and he was from her bed ,	The country of Georgia is a small wonder . Performing well economically under the leadership of SaakashviliM . A great American ally .
.	. . . BarackObama is hiding plenty of bad things .
.	. MittRomney shouldn't give additional tax returns until BarackObama gives his passport records , college records & , applications . . .
Let the matter be done , the way of your way .	""The harder I work , the luckier I get . "" -- Samuel Goldwyn
I think the men ’ s his great fellow is his great fellow !	Wind farms are killing many thousands of birds . They make hunters look like nice people !
But is not by the strength but by the strength of her men ’ s men ’ s never be by men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work by her .	Palm Springs , CA has been destroyed--absolutely destroyed--by the world's ugliest wind farm at the Gateway on Interstate 10 . Very very sad !
What ’ s a soldier .	Good news - MittRomney has pulled ahead in Wisconsin WIth PaulRyanVP on the ticket , Wisconsin is in play .
Who seems , he seems ’ s not enough .	I always said BarackObama will attack Iran , in some form , prior to the election .
The men Which they have been in what they are so .	. Israel could very well be close to attacking Iran . Could be this election's big October surprise . . .
The one before you have been “ Who in ’ s ' em in the matter had been a thing of a ”	Jennifer Aniston is engaged--she's a great person and I wish her well .
The men ’ s a soldier .	There are only 22 days for BarackObama to drop JoeBiden . Obama is not a loyal guy . I think he is strongly considering it .
The men ’ s a soldier .	I still hold the all-time attendance and pay per view record at WWE .
In the York , the English was the month of the month , — A fair and some of her !	Congratulations to WWERaw on passing 1 , 000 episodes . WWE is still going strong after all these years--VinceMcMahon is great !
Who ’ s a more than a very wise !	There's only only one person who has defunded Medicare . His name is BarackObama .
Who ’ s a child ’ s men ’ s men ’ s ’ s mad and her ?	Certain Internet sites are like a bad epidemic that won't go away---others are terrific
Call it !	A great photo of MittRomney and me
I have a say that ’ s more than the next week .	I wonder what the work atmosphere is like VanityFair . It must be hard working at a dying institution .
.	What's more dangerous for the country--the Iranian nuclear threat or BarackObama as President ?
What ’ s a man would make a great strike !	My interview with Don Imus on 77WABCradio discussing my RNC convention surprise & , MittRomney's China policy
Who ’ s a one , that have my lord , and the subject of my lord !	The Huffington Post is such a loser--it will die just as AOL is dying , What a stupid deal AOL made to buy it !
The report of your brother ’ s his head .	Military reps have attacked BarackObama over Bin Laden leaks--they believe he's just using this for his benefit . Not a big surprise . . .
What ’ s my Cassio .	One of the hardest jobs in politics must be cleaning up after JoeBiden gaffes . I feel sorry for his spokespeople .
Call the man or never say of the more of the wit .	True !
Why , why thou hast a very yet ?	The Lakers should have an amazing team next year with Kobe , Nash and Howard . Will be fun to watch .
Who ’ s true , he will be his show till he will be the show of the cause of the matter , he will be so , and his reason till he will be the show of his cause of his true show of his reason till he ’ s show , he will be so much show , And he ’ s love him , and his true show , he will be so much show , he will be the show , he will be so much show , he will be so much show , he	""Mr . President , take your campaign of division and anger and hate back to Chicago . "" -- MittRomney
The best ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s bed .	""If you don't have a competitive advantage , don't compete . "" -- Jack Welch
What is , but it is a more but find ’ s a more than the matter .	Chelsea Clinton will be very successful in the world of politics . She's always been a great person--a winner . ( cont )
What ’ s a other men ’ s work of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	GeorgeFWill is suggesting football is going away and MittRomney will lose . GeorgeFWill is a moron .
Why , this is this ?	$716 Billion from Medicare by BarackObama . When will it end ?
What 's a matter !	Congratulations to Linda McMahon on her victory in the Connecticut Senate primary . She is an amazing woman--smart as you get ! Linda_McMahon
What ’ s my Cassio to be a great Hermia .	I have always done well with properties fronting on oceans , lakes and rivers . If something works , stay with it .
.	My acquisition of the Doral in Maimi will be a major success for the Trump Organization . The re-building is on schedule .
Remember the best you do make the best make you make the best of the matter !	I have hired renowned golf course architect Gil Hanse to rebuild The Blue Monster at Doral . He designed the 2016 ( cont )
Why , that we have ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	Scary thought--what is the pervert Anthony Weiner doing with all the free time he has . Does he collect unemployment ?
Hark to my lord , a bed at him , And he ’ s the matter with him , there ’ s a bed , a bed with a bed at a bed	. MissTeenUSA visited today-
What ’ s a good man !	Richard Mourdock--a very good man running for the Senate in Indiana . Hopefully , he will win ! richardmourdock
I will be her that ’ s her ” Who ’ s the people at her and sir , sir , I will be a ”	I'm really glad that MittRomney no longer says what a nice guy BarackObama is .
The more of hell , keep ’ ll be a hell .	Lightweight reporter Alex Pareene pareene is known as a total joke in political circles . Hence , he writes for Loser Salon . Salon
What ’ s good for the good is ’ s good .	Congratulations to AllenWest on winning last night's primary !
Is this a good or it is ?	While JoeBIden is a gaffe machine , yesterday's comments that MittRomney will ""put y'all back in chains"" was not at all proper .
Who do not the of her ” ’ s her ”	Watch PaulRyanVP explain how ""'It's irrefutable' that President Obama is damaging Medicare'""
What is the matter that we do ’ s men , and not be a use of a use of a use of her work .	Nobody wants wind turbines , they are failing all over the world and need massive subsidy--a disaster for taxpayers .
Great for my lord , Who in the love and the true . ” to be true .	. BarackObama is promoting ugly , inefficient , unreliable , bird-killing , noisy , neighborhood-destroying wind turbines . Big mistake .
What ’ s her that ’ s her ” ?	The Euro is going to collapse soon . Cross border lending is already down and banks are stopping their Euro investments .
The may be made of her in the general 's found the more of the general .	""The Chinese are planning on going to the Moon . . . I hope they stop and take a look at our flag that was put there 43 years ago . "" -MittRomney
Why , that we have ’ s a man in her ”	Great news--Chinese companies who were fixing prices and accounting are leaving the US stock market #TimeToGetTough
What I love ’ s love ?	Every sports fan is treated to an All Star game . The loyal and growing fan base of CelebApprentice will be getting a much bigger treat !
Why , they be kill of the king ’ s crown in the matter .	By the US winning the Olympic medal count , we proved that both the American spirit & , talent is greater than a 1 . 4B population . USA !
Why , sir .	Glad to hear GovChristie will be delivering the Keynote for the RNC convention . He will deliver a strong message .
To the next to my lord , To this next business that the next of the next of the next of the next of the next of the next of the next to have to the next of the next business that hath heard of your daughters have heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next business hath heard of the next	Today I am working on my 'big surprise' for the RNC convention . Everyone will love it .
Who ’ s a more ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Now is the time to buy a house if you can DIRECTLY from a bank . They want to get rid of all their foreclosures .
The one I have but one of your wit .	Via DC_Decoder: ""Donald Trump to 'surprise' GOP convention . What might he do ? "" Answer: Something major !
Who not so , that ’ s wit , I ’ ll stay more than the more than the reason .	Via CNNPolitics: ""Trump will have 'memorable' role at GOP convention"" It's true , just wait and see . . .
What ’ s way to work is the love is to the great love .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing MittRomney's pick of PaulRyanVP , how to frame Medicare debate & , RNC convention
Some dream of great things ?	Today is #TrumpTuesday on SquawkCNBC , 7:30 AM . Tune in !
Come , I pray you , the the will needs be the other of the end , let ’ s the other will run .	Congratulations to our Olympic team for by far winning the most medals , including first place gold .
The old of a man hath ’ s men of him to be a man ?	In ’08 , PaulRyanVP predicted that US headed toward bankruptcy BarackObama has added over $6T in debt since . Scary .
The people , like the great state , and stay them .	“Borrowing and spending is not the way to prosperity . ” -- PaulRyanVP
Who ’ s the hear of her think !	Glad to hear patriotic Americans are organizing a movement this August to boycott Chinese products People get it !
Who ’ s a ”	Obama Care stole more then $500M from Medicare .
What 's !	Trump Chicago was featured in Transformers 3 . Trump Tower was featured in Dark Knight Rises . Both are summer blockbusters . #MidasTouch
What ’ s a better a better man !	The Chicago machine is scared . PaulRyanVP shows that MittRomney will run on a conservative & , coherent platform . 85 days until victory !
Who ’ s crown !	Today BarackObama will borrow 40 cents on every dollar he spends from China . Just another day at the office .
The time .	Over 2 million people have lost their jobs since BarackObama became POTUS . How many of them still have healthcare ?
Who in a ” Who ’ s a ”	Waste--BarackObama's Dep . of Energy was warned in advance by Treasury that it wasn't loaning $ out in good deals
Faith , a two for two men ’ s two ' s two of her ?	Sad--only 36% think America's best days are ahead while 49% believe they are in the past We can & , must do better .
What is to be , sir , that thou shalt be more than that ’ s bed .	I'll be on THe Willis Report GerriWillisFBN today at 5 pm EST
The secret of her ’ s eyes .	Congratulations to our great Women's Olympic Soccer team ussoccer on their gold medal . They made us all proud !
What love I love of all your brother ’ s grace !	Watch my video blog to see if your questions from my Facebook page were answered-
Have ?	Our airports are Third World--horrible . Let's rebuild them by people who know how to do it--inexpensively .
Will be on a bed , Will you be a thing .	. lolojones given a raw deal in nytimes story--not fair .
Call you a speech of her say .	SUN newspaper/Scotland reports that ""Tourism jump is thanks to Trump . "" 8 , 000 visitors in one month from 20 countries , , ,
Why , man ’ s a very man ’ s man ’ t , but this man ’ s true man ’ s true man ’ s a man ’ s a very true man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s true .	Newsmax article: 'Trump Declines Prime Time GOP Convention Speech'
My lord , take a more speech was better than a speech was better than the better than the more than the other of her again was more than her again than a speech have was a work of her speech was than a speech was than her than a	I will be speaking the night before the RNC in Sarasota , FL , when I receive the ""Statesman of the Year"" award .
Our Our success is but he ’ s people he ’ s people he ’ s people .	As we told the nydailynews , I was asked to speak at the RNC but said no , because I will be doing something much bigger--just watch !
What speech !	The failing New York Daily News knowingly incorrectly reported that I wanted to speak at the Republican National Convention--wrong !
Who thank you for a soldier !	China is cooking up conspiracy theories that the Olympics are rigged . They don't understand why they can't cheat .
The doors or the people ’ s thoughts of our thoughts .	All recent Presidents have released their transcripts . What is BarackObama hiding ?
Who ’ s the more ’ s her ” ' the matter ’ s the matter of her ”	The Penn State Board should resign based on the grossly incompetent way they handled the NCAA . They gave away ( cont )
Call you once till the then be a times more till the sun ’ s bed	Received a beautiful letter from Joe Paterno's son , Jay . He really loved and respected his father .
The foul of her ”	. PapaJohns CEO John Schnatte has told shareholders that ObamaCare will force him to raise pizza prices REPEAL !
Why , a good good good to me !	. MikeTyson and SpikeLee I gave a great review of your show in my #trumpvlog
What 's a matter !	A review of MikeTyson's show , great press on Trump International Golf Links Scotland , and more in today's #trumpvlog-
If you be your work , will never give thee .	Waste . With 22 new taxes & , $1 . 8T in added debt , BarackObama's disgraceful 'ObamaCare' will still leave 30M uninsured
Remember to keep you to be your lord , ’ s will be the matter .	Just letting China know in advance that the USA will win the medal count in the Olympics . Even with your cheating you can't beat us .
What think you will think you will think that the thing ?	. MacMiller's 'Donald Trump' song is at 64 . 5M views on YouTube You're welcome Mac !
The her of the people made my people made my people made the people made your people made your people made the people made of my people made of her work my	Even more BarackObama crony capitalism & , corruption . We are guaranteeing a $105M loan to another Obama donor
Who was the best was the best part of the best of the best part of the best was the better part of the best was the better part of the better part of the better part of the better part of the better part of the better part of the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best was the best	See Newsmax story re Republican National Convention
What ’ s the more ’ s the night ’ s the night is ’ s of the night .	Over 100M are now receiving some form of welfare We must do better . MittRomney has the vision to get America working .
The her thank God ’ s a ”	""Americans never quit . "" -- General Douglas MacArthur
What a matter for the matter that matter ’ s man .	The brand new season of CelebApprentice starts filming in less than 5 weeks . The 'All Star' cast will be announced very soon .
What Ha , that I have a hear them good knight to have me to have a thing I have a work me to her	I wonder if BarackObama ever had an Indonesian passport . Did he become an Indonesian citizen when he lived there ?
What is he ?	Have you been to the TrumpGrill in the Trump Tower Atrium ? Best meatloaf in the City--my mother's famous recipe . 212 . 836 . 3249
But that ’ s men ’ s her that ’ s a ” as the matter , ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work of her men ’ s her	To all struggling young entrepreneurs--stay positive in this tough climate and keep looking for good deals . They are out there .
What .	DESPERATE- BarackObama is already asking supporters to 'find dirt' on MittRomney's VP picks Dirty tactics .
Why , so true .	These are facts: In 2001 , the US opened its markets to China & , since then more than 2 million Americans can't ( cont )
What ’ s my Cassio to keep the heart , every man ’ s heart , thou shalt have a soldier to be with me to be with the sun to be a bed	Job openings are at a 4 year high but businesses aren't hiring Why ? ObamaCare , US debt & , BarackObama's tax plan .
Who ’ s a a strange that ’ s a strange ’ s ’ s ’ s a more a thing and a thing as a one of her !	""Act as if what you do makes a difference . It does . "" -- William James
The her that is the true that ’ s true !	. BarackObama-Hood: Rob our children's future by borrowing from the Chinese to pay for socialist programs that will bankrupt us .
Come , let her be a say .	No surprise that China was caught cheating in the Olympics . That's the Chinese M . O . - Lie , Cheat & , Steal in all international dealings .
What love , I love you have the king and the mean and the her !	Pathetic--BarackObama is 'sweetening' his offer to the Taliban Read 'The Art of The Deal . '
This is the tis that , that the charge of hell ?	I always enjoy being interivewed on WOR710 by John Gambling . My father Fred used to listen to his father's show .
What ’ s the most most in my lord .	My WOR710 interview on The John Gambling Show discussing the 2012 election , Trump real estate projects & , our airports
This cannot be the the people !	Our major airports are decaying . It's embarrassing . We need to have them renovated by competent professionals--and fast .
Who is the a kill ’ s a times the matter .	My FoxNews interview on gretawire discussing the RNC convention , BarackObama's sealed records & , real estate advice
Why , a much better , to ’ tis a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more was .	My FoxBusiness interview on Varneyco discussing BarackObama's dirty tactics & , how MittRomney should respond
I know how much of this , I can take this man , that I can take the man .	The NYPost reports ""VanityFair Magazine dropped 18% to only 283 , 938 newsstand copies sold . "" Very sad & , their bloggers are doing even worse !
The time in her hard .	Great article by WayneRoot theblaze -- ""Obama's College Classmate: 'The Obama Scandal Is at Columbia'""
Do you believe this ?	Tucson killer Loughner should be given the death penalty , not his plea bargained life in prison--which will cost ( cont )
Which is worse and the more of the more , and the more ?	. HuffingtonPost is doing very badly . Also , very inaccurate stories . Like AOL , when will they fail ?
They must be true , I can be this one of this man ’ s part , They must be so , I am so can be so can be a one of this be so can be this .	People are finally beginning to hit China and OPEC . They never give me credit for being the first--by far--but that's okay !
Who are the people ?	Looking forward to meeting the great folks of Sarasota GOP party when I am honored as 'Statesman of the Year . ' Should be a wonderful time .
I should be the host but to shake , — — — I should not that ’ s good things !	Glad that MittRomney is hitting BarackObama on ending work requirements for welfare . Obama attacks the American work ethic .
What , and a man !	Tune in for my interview with gretawire tonight at 10 pm , FoxNews
What ’ s my new within the people !	I am honored that BarackObama has featured my plane in one of his attack ads . It was made in America !
The old I pray you have a old boy ’ s old boy .	A 'confidential source' has called my office and told me that BarackObama has added over $6T to the new national debt & , ruined US credit .
The time of the day ’ s day !	Glad to hear that FLGovScott will be speaking at the RNC Convention . He is a true conservative and fantastic governor !
Who ’ s a ” ?	To the geniuses at 'Americans United for Change': the more you tax me the less people I employ . Get it ?
What thank you ’ s a fair a place is a fair place ’ s place ’ s one ’ s bed	Now the world is looking to China for an economic 'lift' BarackObama has ruined our economic hegemony .
The time to her that her men ’ s the piece of her piece of men ’ s chamber .	I have founded and run one of the largest real estate empires in the world . I employ thousands of people . Why am I the enemy ?
The time to her that her men ’ s the piece of her piece of men ’ s chamber .	The whitehouse has 'clarified' that the unemployment is actually 8 . 254% not 8 . 3% A little sensitive are we ?
What ’ s reason to her yet ?	The real outsourcer - BarackObama is funding German automakers with the GM bailout money How does that help us ?
Why , her men , ’ s the first of our heart !	Now China 'calls in' US diplomats to lecture them on their illegal escapades . The new reality . BarackObama is weak .
To the one of the man ’ s man ’ s reason .	I went to MikeTyson's play . I will be doing a review in the next #trumpvlog .
What ’ s Remember to her her men ’ s the better for the man ’ s work of her	Glad to hear Clint Eastwood endorsed MittRomney . He understands that America needs a big boost to be strong again .
The hundred of this hour , there ’ s a hundred !	Outrageous--BarackObama is suing to suppress the military vote in Ohio Our Commander in Chief should be ashamed .
Will be the people , why , why thou art a maid .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP convention , BarackObama's sealed records & , SenatorReid's tax claim
Who ’ s a one of her ' s a excellent horse .	The real war on women--over 175 , 000 fewer held jobs in July & , 94 , 000 dropped out of labor force We must do better .
Who ’ s my lord to her ” !	Congratulations to BarackObama--yesterday marked the 1 YR anniversary of our country's credit being downgraded
.	The Senate should be more concerned about actually passing a budget than spreading lies about MittRomney's taxes .
Who in the one of her ”	The Fed should not do another 'stimulus . ' We can't keep spending our children's future away on waste .
Why , her lord to her love you have her side !	Convenient - David Plouffe collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate only a month before joining whitehouse
Who ’ s a ” ’ s her ” ’ s the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s a ”	Wrong--BarackObama's '08 campaign manager & , current Senior WH Advisor collected $100G fee from Iranian affiliate
What will have there , that ’ s the reason .	. MittRomney will create 2 million new jobs if elected POTUS . If reelected , BarackObama will create over $12T in new debt . Easy choice .
But is not by the strength but by the strength of her men ’ s men ’ s never be by men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work by her .	""Failure defeats losers , failure inspires winners . "" -- Robert T . Kiyosaki@theRealKiyosaki
What ’ s a good sir , I have ’ s voice !	An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that BarackObama bought his house with the help of Tony Rezko .
What most most most most most true , I know ’ s friends !	An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud .
Who ’ s a ” and say ’ s a say !	An 'extremely credible source' has called my office & , told me that BarackObama applied to Occidental as a foreign student--think about it !
If you run for the other men ’ s voice would have my voice !	Josh Brolin , a friend of mine , was terrific in ""Men in Black . "" Congrats !
Who ’ s a	China's Olympic training program is abusive It is modern day slavery & , shameful . Their ( cont )
.	Our athletes in the Olympics are proving once again to be the greatest competitors in the world . Makes us proud to be Americans .
.	Congratulations to MichaelPhelps on concluding the greatest Olympic career ever . You have made us all very proud .
What I think ’ s her that she did in my lord .	Congratulations to Gabby Douglas on winning the Gold for the USA in gymnastics . She is terrific !
The more of a voice ’ s a more than a time .	Over 150 , 000 more of our fellow Americans dropped out of the workforce in July . BarackObama is a disaster !
The time All me .	New job numbers once again show no growth or recovery . Unemployment has been over 8% for 41 straight months--now up to 8 . 3%
I have , as I ’ ll be like you .	US interest payments on the debt have already passed $375B this year China is laughing at us---as usual .
Who must be a more than the will be not .	Great new ad from CmteForIsrael: 'Next Year . . . President MittRomney in Jerusalem , the Capital of Israel'
Call her her bed !	Good--marcorubio is trying to eliminate the tax on Olympic medals Our athletes should not be taxed on their wins .
Call you to her welcome to her !	Make sure to grab your copy of this month's Newsmax_Media detailing ""The Trump Effect""
The men will be the come to her men ’ s men ’ s ’ s the March will .	We need a President who understands the economy - gallupnews has US unemployment at 8 . 2% in July , up from 8% in June
My friend , was the friend of this false eyes !	In '08 , BarackObama hit Bush for secrecy When will Obama release all his sealed college records ? !
What ’ s a child , that would be so .	""Capital isn't scarce , vision is . "" --Sam Walton
A sir , a more of my lord .	So generous and pious ! After spending millions of our tax dollars on his campaign through travel , BarackObama donated to himself .
Why , that day be a day of her day .	More lies and deceptions--BarackObama is having his ex-staffers write 'independent' studies for his reelection
I to the moon ’ s bed , shall be the morning , and this morning .	The USA manufacturing sector has suffered its greatest order losses under BarackObama . He has stood idle while China steals our jobs .
Let her be for a soldier .	Jobless claims rose yet again last week BarackObama's economic record is abysmal--we can do much better .
The best that put from the best of her best hath the best of the best of the best of the best of her will be the best of her from the best of her work of her ”	taylorswift13 Thanks for the beautiful picture--- you are fantastic !
A never did a work in my life .	Congratulations to tedcruz on his Texas primary victory last night . He will be an outstanding Senator .
Will you be come to her ?	The deficits under BarackObama are the highest in America's history . Why is he bankrupting our country ?
What ’ s a years ’ s men ’ s bed , every one of every one ’ s bed	Now BarackObama is issuing regulatory demands to states ordering no firings in November
The matter is the man , he is the man !	. MittRomney Op-Ed ""Culture Does Matter"" :
Who for the many of her lord to her lord .	Ohio Senator RobPortman: MittRomney knows how to return prosperity: #Mitt2012 #tcot
Do you believe the way of her down that ’ s men of her !	Good article: ""What Happened to American Men"" from Newsmax by Michael Cohen
What ’ s a men would be the most ' tis most ' s ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” would be the most of her	NEW MittRomney TV AD ""Dream"" - For these small businesses , hope and change was not so kind: #tcot
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more .	""Donald Trump could again defy the conventional wisdom of the chattering class in November . ""-- Newsmax_Media's cover ""The Trump Effect""
Our our bed , Who in her ”	The American gymnastic team was great--our country should take their lead .
My son are and that is now in a daughter ’ s will be nothing in the will be as it .	. MichaelPhelps--you are the greatest Olympic champion of them all . Fantastic job !
Who ’ s a ” To her her “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s bed To her ” To her men ’ s her ” To her men ’ s her ”	""Control your own destiny or someone else will . ""-- jack_welch
Great she in a thousand will be a thousand !	Consumer spending is continuing to fall with weak June numbers . BarackObama's policies have created a climate ( cont )
The time to be your peace , will be your will be , and will be your Think and be so .	No member of Congress should be eligible for re-election if our country's budget is not balanced---deficits not allowed !
What a loss of a loss of a loss , my loss is it !	You pick it ! #1 . Anybody that says anything derogatory about BarackObama is labeled stupid , insane , or ( cont )
What 's a matter !	Enjoying the Olympics . Great coverage by NBC as well . GO TEAM USA !
The time of her , Who ’ s a work .	More waste , fraud and abuse - over $460M in food stamps went to ineligible households Where's the accountability ?
But that he may say a great steal !	Attended last night's Yankees game--Derek Jeter is both a great player and a great guy .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	In '08 BarackObama called Jerusalem Israel's capital Now he attacks MittRomney on Jerusalem
The power is not more than power .	Another example of BarackObama's diplomatic triumphs--he gave the Queen of England an iIPod filled with his speeches .
Who ’ s a one ’ s a ” and her ”	Great to see MittRomney being well-received in Poland The Poles understand the value of freedom through strength
In the best we have the best give yourself her work .	The polling numbers for 2012 are very interesting--will Americans ultimately want their leaders to be 'likeable' or 'competent' ?
The more of her that ’ s lost him , and ’ s lost and ’ s the matter .	Great job to Missy Franklin . She's got a smile that can take over the world . She's also a major talent . Great going , Missy !
But that is again the people in her again .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing 2012 election polls , MittRomney's current trip & , the US housing & , land market
The mind ’ s mind .	. BarackObama blocked Keystone . Now China is preparing a massive $1 . 5B oil deal with Canada . A terrible deal for US !
Who ’ s one of her speak and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a one of a speak of a house and of a speak of a ”	Reckless--BarackObama is projecting $1 . 2T deficit from 2012 budget & , a projected $25 . 4T debt in a decade
This may be the worst that ever have said by the next men .	Not only does ObamaCare have at least 21 new taxes but it will lead to a tremendous doctor shortfall .
Come the matter !	The Chinese are illegally dumping bird-killing wind turbines on our shores . Only one of many grievances--we should act .
A time had a time was a great work at the time .	The US GDP in 2010 was 4 . 1% , down to 2% in 2011 & , now 1 . 5% . I guess BarackObama's plan is not working !
Why , sir , on your Queen .	. BarackObama should be careful questioning MittRomney on diplomacy--how many times has Obama apologized for our country on foreign soil ? !
The will I am a soldier in her ” .	. BarackObama bowed to the Saudi King in public--yet the Dems are questioning MittRomney's diplomatic skills .
Go to the more for the full of men ’ s mind ’ s mind to the mind ’ s mind to the full of men ’ s mind to her men ’ s mind ’ s mind ’ s mind to her men ’ s mind .	The difference between MittRomney and BarackObama's campaign promises to Israel is that Mitt will actually keep all of his .
Why , call you , her “ And ’ s horse is the general .	Smart move by the Democrats to have Pres . billclinton play a key role in their convention .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""There is no substitute for hard work . ""--Thomas Edison
To her love her a ass ’ s ass and ’ s a man !	Why has BarackObama allowed the Muslim Brotherhood to visit the whitehouse ? What Hope & , Change !
Who ’ s a ass but his ass ’ s a man ?	The nyjets are going to have a terrific season . Mark_Sanchez & , TimTebow will do great things on the field .
The matter that I have a thing , and a great paper .	What a 'nice guy' - 97% of BarackObama's campaign ads have been negative attacks on MittRomney Give it back Mitt !
The from the one of her ”	Good news - RasmussenPoll has MittRomney beating BarackObama 49%-44% Obama was up by 5% at same point in '08 .
.	I am confident when American public gets to know MittRomney , the race will go his way . He's honorable & , successful man--polls looking good .
The men ’ s a work of her curse ’ s grief .	Price of corn has jumped over 50% . This will cause a jump in food prices perhaps beyond what we've ever seen . Nasty for the economy .
The men is our father .	The Audacity of BarackObama--the Federal Reserve purchased 61% of all debt issued by Treasury in 2011 . Killing our children's future .
Who ’ s a one that would be so ?	The Federal government has $2 . 7T in assets & , $17 . 5T in total liabilities plus another $4 . 7T in intergovernmental debt . Have a nice day .
Call her a ” and her say so !	By folding , Penn State leadership made things worse . The deal is ridiculous & , punishes the wrong people . I hope the alumni sue to overturn .
The time at the foul of her ” at the time .	Amazing how fast all of Joe Paterno's friends abandoned him . They ran for the hills .
With the very other and put at the foul of her ”	Hope & , Change--since BarackObama has taken office , the US debt has increased by an average of $64K per taxpayer .
Who in the world ’ s the world ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s her ”	US Gov't is on the hook for more than a third of the world's entire debt & , we wonder why China & , OPEC are laughing all the way to the bank !
It was great a great men in the great men — Who ’ s great men , are they are great men of great men of men of men of his work !	Congratulations to BarackObama--he is the first POTUS to run trillion dollar deficits in all four years of his term !
Come , that you be in one !	Remember when BarackObama promised you could keep your coverage ? Study shows 1 in 10 employers will drop health care
The one of my hand , and in her hand is the hand .	Twitter is on BarackObama's enemies list
Who not so , that ’ s wit , I ’ ll stay more than the more than the reason .	Delusional--BarackObama claims that his economic plan ""worked"" Is the 16% real unemployment part of the plan ?
All comes to him that he comes .	I can't stress strongly enough that we are currently in a buyer's residential market . Try to buy directly from a bank .
His us great men can be the great a thousand thousand ' s great a thousand ’ s great a great a great great a great a great thousand and be of a great be .	The Yankees acquisition of Ichiro was a smart move . I look forward to watching him play .
Will be on a bed , Will you be a sun , And there ’ s women !	. penn_state leadership has permanently scarred & , perhaps destroyed a great university . They should have ( cont )
The more ’ s the world hath been the most heavy heart .	Which campaign is possibly on the trajectory towards insolvency ? At least BarackObama is consistent .
To the answer to your answer .	China's domestic economic and political problems prove how pathetic our leadership is in allowing China to rip us off
For all of those that have been , I am he comes here .	BIG--MittRomney is preferred to handle the economy over BarackObama by 63%-29% in a gallupnews poll
Who at the York ’ s York , Who ’ s a villain ’ s true whose wall is the wall ’ s daughter of her men of her ”	. thehill discussing my foxandfriends interview: ""Trump: 'Clamor for MittRomney's tax returns has died down'""
Why to be as one of her ” and her ” and her that ’ s her ?	From: Newsmax_Media: ""realDonaldTrump: Public not Worried About MittRomney's Tax Returns""
Set on the subject of them .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing housing prices , the GDP numbers , China spreading its wealth and my stock picks .
Good my wife to a wife ’ s great Hermia !	""Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make . ""The Art of The Deal
Give you a charge till then tell thee , ” — ” — ”	Fast trial and death penalty for maniac in Colorado--- immediately pass speed up legislation .
True , and now , her that fear , look you , the bond of our bond	Read this--BarackObama's birth certificate ""cannot survive judicial scrutiny"" because of ""phantom numbers""
What ’ s thou canst thou think , and her ’ s the state ; think you are the matter or you can think , or think of her men can be a bed , and her men of her men .	SHOCK--Hugo Chavez endorses BarackObama Will he be in Chicago on election night too ?
The more , why thou hast a bed at her ”	Jay Carney won't answer reporters questions of ""Why Obama won't release his college transcripts""- Come on , Jay !
Why , her her that ’ s a ” I have a good thanks .	Hypocrite--BarackObama has major investments in companies that are outsourcing jobs overseas
.	Under MittRomney , Bain had an 80% success rate with annual returns of over 50% . Under BarackObama , America has added over $6T in debt .
What ’ s my lord , ’ s wit and put it .	Foreign leaders are already requesting meetings with MittRomney to warn that we are viewed as ""in decline""
What thank you , ’ s a thank you !	Who else could take 16 vacations , play over 100 rounds of golf and hold over 300 fundraisers while serving as ( cont )
Who ’ s the man ’ s bed , come to the other years ’ s part of the other ’ s never come to be a ”	The NYPD has been doing a fantastic job protecting NYC . I hope Chief Ray Kelly is strongly considering running for mayor .
Who now a say of the matter ’ s of the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter of the matter ’ s one of the work of the	With 15% US real unemployment and a 16T debt , Michelle Obama's luxurious Aspen vacation - her 16th - cost us over $1M
Who in a man ’ s bed , there ’ s more !	Must read article in washtimes: ""RealSheriffJoe probe could dwarf Watergate""
Who will be a very will be very hours a very gods ’ s the gods ’ s of a very men ’ s ’ s a very men ’ s a very men ’ s a very men ’ s one of her	Weekly jobless claims are now at an astronomical 365 , 000 . Manufacturing sector is suffering badly . We must do better .
Who ’ s a	My CNBCClosingBell interview discussing America's financial uncertainty due to BarackObama and the job report
Why , “ Amen ’ s a more ’ s love !	I'll be on foxandfriends Monday morning at 7:30 AM . Tune in !
To be a more , that you must make a grief and love her ?	With BarackObama listing himself as ""Born in Kenya"" in 1999 HI laws allowed him to produce a fake certificate . #SCAM
What ’ s dog , and work her work . ” — ” — ”	Bay Bridge in San Fransisco , built in China , keeps getting worse . Cost overruns are out of control --- China is having a field day with us !
What ’ s men should find him .	I am impressed with the scam BarackObama pulled , but the truth will come out .
The more ’ s a man had been a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s have been a man of her	Breitbart gets it ! Vote now--BarackObama should release his college application records and grades . He says he ( cont )
O , then , ’ s a more than that Hath never wear of her ?	At least 12 dead and 50 wounded in Colorado--bring back fast trials & , death penalty for mass murderers & , terrorists .
True , the tale in the tale of her ”	Some really dumb blogger for failing VanityFair , a magazine whose ads are down almost 18% this year , said I wear a hairpiece --- I DON'T !
To be a friend , think like a people .	Breitbart gets it ! Vote now--Obama should release his college application records & , grades . He says he loves ( cont )
What 's the , you see the show of the show of the matter !	. BarackObama economic gloom: jobless claims have surged while factory activity is ( cont )
The same most most sure , of the same Sebastian &ket; The same speak of the matter , and speak of the matter , of men of men of a speak .	Irresponsible ! In the last 6 months BarackObama has held over 100 fundraisers and not a single meeting with his Job Council .
What ’ s the man !	More $ thrown away - BarackObama gave $20M to Amonix and praised its ""success"" in '10 . It just filed for bankruptcy
Who ’ s a work today of a new born from the other of the other ’ s of the other men today .	Great article--a must read by Peter Ferrara at Forbes about ""The Biggest Government Spender in World History""
What ’ s the men ’ s own ’ s eyes !	I hope Bill Clinton and NEWSMAX's Chris Ruddy are enjoying their mission to Africa . Two great people .
What ’ s that thou be a day of day , You may be better than the better than the day !	In 1999 BarackObama said that he didn't support Welfare Reform He just gutted the entire program .
Why , so ready for the love that I love that love ’ s love .	Via BreitbartFeed--why doesn't BarackObama release his original book proposal which says he was born in Kenya ?
Who ’ s the better words !	Great new campaign ad just released by MittRomney
The part of the of her ’ s never ’ s times of her ' s part .	Since BarackObama is on such a ""transparency"" kick--how about releasing Fast & , Furious info to Brian Terry's family ?
What ’ s the hours , and these hours ’ s crown ?	My seanhannity interview where I discuss BarackObama's Job Council , RealSheriffJoe's investigation & , 2012 election
The time , sir , or that ’ s a man ’ s have thank you !	Corrupt--BarackObama's largest bundlers are fundraisers linked to the Obama Solyndra boondoggle Chicago cronyism
If he be gone for the matter that he hath 'll it !	""Show me someone without an ego , and I'll show you a loser . "" --How To Get Rich
Who in a speech of her ”	Columbia University stated there was a ""computer error"" in their system concerning BarackObama's attendance . ( cont )
What ’ s a great people , a thing to Great was more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s great great great a great thing , and one of a thing , and one of his thing .	Taking a photo with my family on the opening day of Trump International Golf Links Scotland-
No , a great need of a great great us .	""Cowards die many times before their actual deaths . "" --Caesar
I ’ ll think too much and have no mind .	The new BarackObama motto - ""You Own Nothing , Not Even Your Own Success"" . . .
Who is a one that ’ s such a ”	So BarackObama is celebrating his 'birthday' with a fundraiser in his home he bought with the help of Rezko
Will be the men of her , in a delight in a thousand hope , and you are a thousand !	John Sununu was more right than he even knew yesterday -- BarackObama indeed needs to ""learn how to be an American . ""
They are all fear , for it will make a good thanks , for that they will be .	What recovery ? JP Morgan has readjusted Q2 growth down from 1 . 7% to 1 . 4% and Q3 to 1 . 5% with 2012 on a whole at 1 . 7%
What ’ s a will give my lord !	What's more important for the American public to have ? MittRomney's tax returns or BarackObama's sealed records ?
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Happy 94th birthday to Nelson Mandela !
What ’ s that would be your daughters ' th ' times ?	As I always said , the ""Birthers"" were after the truth . Thanks to RealSheriffJoe BarackObama can't hide anymore .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ?	So BarackObama's campaign is calling MittRomney a potential criminal How about Obama's Tony Rezko land deal !
In this , and that is a life , Who in her life , Who ’ s her ?	Why does HI Revised Statute 338-17 . 8 allow an HI resident who doesn't have to be US citizen to procure an official Hawaii birth certificate ?
Be more , be better , and be a good things .	Congratulations to RealSheriffJoe on his successful Cold Case Posse investigation which claims BarackObama's 'birth certificate' is fake
Call her her bed !	NewYorkPost's Cindy Adams has a great report on the Dark Knight Rises premiere
The men that ’ s her that ’ s people ’ s months .	On the red carpet at the NYC premiere of Dark Knight Rises with melaniatrump via NewYorkObserver's velvet_roper
What ’ s the many people have lost the many people today ?	The class warfare being played by BarackObama is the only way he can get reelected . He can't have America focus on his horrendous record .
What ’ s a one that I ’ s bed .	Dark Knight Rises is projected to gross over $180 million this weekend . Remember to watch for Trump Tower !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s the people have been “ Who ’ s her ” For her ” For her ” For her ” For ’ s her men ’ s her ” For her ” For ’ s her ” For her ” For her ” For her ” For ’ s her ” For her ” For ’ s her ” For her ” For ’ s her ” For ’ s her ” For ’ s her ” For ’ s her ” For ’	Weird--why did BarackObama Sr . fail to list BarackObama as his son in his 1961 INS application ?
The thank you for the more than the matter .	#BARACKTAX QUOTE: ""If you have health insurance , you're not getting hit with a tax . ""
What ’ s my voice , and I am to be a good for you , I thank you !	Watch BarackObama admit Obamacare is a TAX The GOP must continue to Disrupt , Dismantle & , Repeal !
Who ’ s sleep the new of her bed !	According to a gallupnews poll , over 60% think ObamaCare will make things worse for taxpayers ObamaCare is a T-A-X .
What ’ s a more ’ s office at her ' tis a work !	Congratulations to John Roberts for making Americans hate the Supreme Court because of his BS
What ’ s the woman !	For the sake of transparency , BarackObama should release all his college applications and transcripts--both from Occidental and Columbia .
The best best show upon the show of the Love ’ s blood , and the best show of the best of the show of the show of her men ’ s the men .	Why would BarackObama be spending millions of dollars to hide his records if there was nothing to hide ?
The more away .	When will we see BarackObama's passport records ( sealed ) ?
The that I am your sister , and the chain with her ’ s my lord .	. MittRomney needs to make BarackObama regret that he ever asked for his tax records .
What ’ s a ” To her her ” To her her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” To her men ’ s her ” To her men ’ s her ” To her men ’ s her work of her ”	My interview in politico with pwgavin discussing being awarded the 2012 ""Statesman of the Year"" by Sarasota GOP
Now come a monster on a Cassio ’ s a years , and a years make a thing as a thing as a one of a one of a bed	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing why the Fed shouldn't do a QE3 , BarackObama's college records & , 2012 election
The time is he would be now , Antony .	My review of #TheDarkKnightRises and more in today's #trumpvlog-
The sun is the world .	Remember how ObamaCare did not have any tort reform ? Now the trial lawyers are getting ready for even more lawsuits
Who hath great a great work today .	I hope MittRomney now starts asking for any & , all of BarackObama's sealed records--it's time .
Call ’ s a men ’ s her men ’ s crown ’ s her men ’ s crown by her men ’ s her men ’ s men ’ s her men ’ s bed	. BarackObama's college application would be very very very very interesting !
The lies in the Moor , of the Queen of blood , ” — ” — Give ’ s the matter in the bed ”	If BarackObama had such a wonderful academic record why wouldn't he want to show it ?
The hour of the very near , very well made of the very well !	I wonder what the answer is on BarackObama's college application to the question: place of birth ? Maybe the ( cont )
Call you the people !	Outrageous--BarackObama is trying to unilaterally gut welfare reform He doesn't believe in a strong work ethic .
What ’ s a soldier .	""The Supreme Art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting . "" -- Sun Tzu
What ’ s a man ’ s ship ?	So much for Hope and Change . BarackObama has already spent over $100M on attack ads across the swing states
The day of the day of the day , The day of the most of the most !	He has no respect for American exceptionalism . BarackObama has outsourced our space program to the Russians
What ’ s a bed , not be the house , and her daughter to her ?	Congratulations to FLGovScott on winning access to federal database He is making FL a safe & , legal election for 2012
What ’ s son , my son !	I hope Official1MCD is recuperating well in LA . Get better ! OMAROSA
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	What controversy ? 2 'active' BarackObama supporters at Bain have confirmed that MittRomney left in '99 No story here .
Who with her her ” ’ s her ”	Bain did not list MittRomney as an Executive on its website in 2000 BarackObama's Saul Alinsky tactics won't work !
What ’ s Love ’ s love , But more love ’ s more !	My foxandfriends interview discussing how BarackObama should release his college applications & , records
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” for a ”	A drug free A-Rod is just an average baseball player . Yankees will soon move him down in the batting order & , should renegotiate his contract
Great ’ s a soldier !	Wife Huma wants RepWeiner to ""pull a billclinton by giving a tell-all interview . "" Unlike Clinton , Anthony is a sick puppy .
I thank you , her men ’ s bed , ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ ll be a ”	My friend TheSlyStallone lost his wonderful son Sage this weekend . We all send Sly our love and warmest wishes . ( cont )
I thank you , her men ’ s bed , ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ ll be a ”	For America to be great again we must have a President who has been successful and Americans can learn from on how to succeed .
Who ’ s a one of her ' th ' matter before the matter of a matter ’ s times the matter of a thing ?	In his entire political career , BarackObama has never had a tough GOP opponent before MittRomney . He is a paper tiger . #GOMITT
Call her her again , Who ’ s peace , ’ s no more !	The Football program at Penn State should be suspended .
We ’ s a sir , a time , We ’ ll have a thing that I ’ ll be a thing .	Penn State is doing a poor job in bringing its mess to a close . They should be ashamed for hiding Sandusky's crimes all these years . . .
In the old before .	A true honor . PressSec considers asking for BarackObama's college transcripts a ""Donald Trump question . "" Release it !
.	. BarackObama should release all his records ( like other Presidents ) . . . .
Call her again to her hear , Who ’ s thou hast thou hast ’ s ’ s ’ s again to her ”	Don't believe the lies--every budget BarackObama has delivered to Congress raises the income tax on EVERYONE
Who ’ s a ”	Think of it---20% of our country is essentially unemployed .
Call you her a bed a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more a ”	. BarackObama wants to see 10 yrs of MittRomney's tax returns--tell him ""ok--but we want to see your college applications first . '
I thank her , Who ’ s her ”	Nasty tactics being used by BarackObama campaign against MittRomney . Must stop saying Obama is a nice man--he is not !
I thank you !	America's Olympic uniforms are manufactured in China . Burn the uniforms ! #USAOlympicCommittee
I thank you to her that ’ s a ” The time of the hours .	I wonder why BarackObama is not going to the NAACP Convention . Is it because he can't answer questions about 14 . 7% Black unemployment ?
The time of her that ’ s a people too late .	Seth Meyers was terrible co-hosting with Kelly . Marbles in his mouth-& , he must stop picking at his hands--insult to the great Regis Philbin !
I thank you !	""Free enterprise is still the greatest force for upward mobility , economic security , and the expansion of the middle class . "" - MittRomney
Who ’ s a	Back in NY from Scotland and fighting for our country to get better . Trump International Golf Links Scotland opened to rave reviews .
.	""What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us . ""--Ralph Waldo Emerson
A great a great her ?	""If you don't have passion , everything you do will ultimately fizzle out or , at best , be mediocre . Is that how ( cont )
Why , why is a man ’ s good .	Have we ever had a POTUS before BarackObama who earned over 1/3 of his income from foreign sources and paid taxes to another country ?
Call her her , ” “ Call her ”	. BarackObama reported over $269 , 710 of foreign income out of his gross $894 , 520 and paid $5 , 841 in foreign taxes
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Even the Left realizes that BarackObama's policies have led to more jobs being outsourced out of this country .
I thank you !	Almost daily more discrepancies in BarackObama's biography continue to arise . Who is this guy ?
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Very strange--why do database records contradict BarackObama and show he was only at Columbia 1 year ?
Give her her her that love her ” at her ” .	""There's no bigger name in America than Donald Trump , political or nonpolitical . "" --Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters
Why , that the man in his answer , and the man in his answer a play ?	Today MittRomney addressed the NAACP . BarackObama takes their vote for granted which is why there is such high Black unemployment .
A “ Who ’ s a ”	Nice interview in the The Atlantic of Sarasota GOP Chair Joe Gruters on my 2012 'Statesman of the Year' award
Call her her “ Call her her ” Go thou ' times more ’ s ’ s ’ s her ”	Great to see Tony La Russa manage one last game last night . Congratulations to the National League on winning the MLB All-Star Game .
In the last night .	Via AFP: ""Trump tees off on new golf course in Scotland""
What ’ s the more ’ s the matter !	Chris Ruddy is always on point: ""Trump Opens 'Greatest Golf Course In the World'"" via Newsmax_Media
I thank you , that ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part , I thank you !	Great article in the guardian -- ""Donald Trump opens £100m golf course""
I thank you , Who ’ s a ”	How can BarackObama invoke Richard Nixon against MittRomney when Obama just used Executive Privilege on Fast & , Furious ? !
Who , her men ’ s one of her ?	What a coincidence ? ! BarackObama's campaign logo uses the same font as Cuban communist propaganda posters .
What , good for your love is very much of it !	""However beautiful the strategy , you should occasionally look at the results . "" -- Winston Churchill
From leave , I will be a part , I will ever he there .	Congrats to BarackObama--he has now had over 40 months straight of over 8% unemployment while accruing over $6T ( cont )
Who is a ” for her ’ s ”	Everyone is talking about how Trump Tower is the exterior for Wayne Enterprises in Dark Knight Rises---it's true .
Great was out of her !	The liberal media is focusing on MittRomney's bank records . How about reviewing BarackObama's illegal land deal contracts with Tony Rezko ?
What ’ s a man ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a man ’ s bed , and ’ s bed ?	The U-6 Unemployment Rate is over 14 . 9% . ObamaCare is stopping businesses from both hiring and expanding .
.	Why is BarackObama constantly issuing executive orders that are major power grabs of authority ? This is the latest
We ’ s a great great general ’ s great general .	. MittRomney should not give any other further information until BarackObama releases the things that everyone wants to see----
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	President Obama wants MittRomney to hand over even more past tax returns- he should when BarackObama reveals his college applications .
I thank you , her that ’ s a ”	I'm in Scotland to open what we hope to be the greatest golf course in the world--- it's amazing .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	I am truly honored to have been chosen Statesman of the Year by the Republican Party of Sarasota County . The ( cont )
Who hath the mighty sun grows in the mighty sun grows in the sun grows heavy lead in the sun grows great sun grows to be all of men of her men ’ s bed of her ' s men grows ' s men grows in work in her	My family and I just arrived in Scotland for the grand opening of Trump International Golf Links , Scotland-
A new “ Call her again !	Gotta hand it to IvankaTrump , she loved Doral from the time we looked at it . The Trump-Doral will be an Icon . #sayfie #newsmax
I thank you !	When true golfers see what I do at Doral it will be the hottest club in the country . #sayfie #newsmax
The last they should be done , and another !	A Great 4th of July ! America a great country who's brightest days , with wise leadership , lie ahead .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Hope and Change ? Job numbers down . Time for MittRomney
Who ’ s a thank you !	Keep an eye on Anthony Weiner . Weasels are hard to get rid of .
Why , that should be her .	As I anticipated , Justice Roberts made the cover of Time Magazine etc . The liberal media now loves him-- he should be ashamed .
There is no question that will my best daughter of his best as the best of her and his best .	Job numbers today--- terrible ! So what else is new ?
The time will be in her men , ’ s this more than your bed .	""Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat . "" ― F . Scott Fitzgerald
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	John Roberts arrived in Malta yesterday . Maybe we will get lucky and he will stay there .
I thank you !	When will Pakistan apologize to us for providing safe sanctuary to Osama Bin Laden for 6 years ? ! Some ""ally . ""
Will be on a one of her ' times on a times more than the matter .	Today BarackObama is in Ohio on a bus tour . Tomorrow Pennsylvania . How about actually running the country ?
Will be on the hours of her ” And ’ s her ”	May jobless numbers have been readjusted to 8 . 2% . BarackObama's economy is a disaster New numbers tomorrow .
The sister of the her that I thank you for your peace !	I don't care what people say , I like Tom Cruise . He works his ass off and never ever quits . He's one of the few true movie stars .
What ’ s weak and no weak , no weak , no more .	""We must never bend too much . "" -- Yitzhak Shamir ( 1915-2012 )
What ’ s her that ’ s time !	Welcome to BarackObama's America - 8 . 74 million workers on 'Federal Disability"" Where are the jobs ? !
Who ’ s a ” ay ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” ay ’ s a ” ay ’ s a ”	Via AP's: ObamaCare ""is a tax"" BarackObama gave the largest tax increase in history on the middle class . Shameful !
The man ’ s the man !	Hypocrite ! in '06 BarackObama called private equity ""the best opportunity for long-term economic vitality""
What ’ s a ” ’ s the matter !	Just as I predicted , BarackObama is preparing a possible attack on Iran right before November .
Who ’ s a fellow !	Wow--such sacrfices for his re-election . BarackObama will not vacation in Martha's Vineyard this summer .
Who calls her most most most most most most most in first .	Degenerate former Congressman Anthony Weiner is trying to make a comeback . He is a sick & , perverted man that New York does not want or need .
I thank you for your words .	Con Ed has won its suit against the Ground Zero Mosque developers The mosque is never going up .
I thank you , that was a man , I was a great friend , ’ s great my honor .	Tomorrow we celebrate Independence Day , America's 236th birthday . Here is America's actual birth certificate
What speak of a fool , ’ s a thing to say .	I believe BarackObama made a deal with the Saudis to increase oil production until after the election . Then ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Great poll numbers for MittRomney just out--he is leading substantially in swing states .
What ’ s a bed .	The 'brunt' of ObamaCare will be shouldered by folks making under $120K
Who is a man ’ s a brain !	Is it legal for BarackObama to make campaign donor calls from Air Force One ? Obama is always fundraising on our dime .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Why is BarackObama continuing to lie ? has found that MittRomney did not ship jobs overseas
I thank you for your peace !	Happy to have just passed 1 . 3M Twitter followers . Love communicating with everyone daily .
What a e 'en in her men ’ s bed , for your peace .	David Wright of the NY Mets should have been on the 1st Team All Stars . He's having a great year .
Why the more make her work ?	Don't believe BarackObama's whining--Pro-Romney SuperPAC spending is on par with Pro-Obama SuperPAC
I thank you .	Dangerous--The USC ObamaCare ruling means the government can now tax you for inactivity .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	China court: Apple pays $60M to settle iPad case . China is getting away with murder .
.	WRONG: A China court ordered apple to pay $60M to a Chinese company that registered iPad before apple
I thank you .	My foxandfriends interview discussing ObamaCare , the Romney-Trump fundraiser & , my plans for Jones Beach
Who ’ s a ”	Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on SquawkCNBC , 7:30 AM . Tune in !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him . "" --General Douglas MacArthur
Who ’ s a ” Who in the matter , ’ s ’ s the other of her ”	Interesting -- studies show that wind farms have a warming effect on the climate
Is that all there ?	Friends of mine who are driving Cadillacs--it is becoming a very hot car--are raving about what a great job Cadillac has done .
What ’ s pay the watch that he ’ s horse .	ObamaCare has 21 tax hikes There's now only one solution--defeat BarackObama this November ! #GOMITT
Who ’ s a ”	Great news--here comes the Tea Party ! MittRomney has received 42k donations online & , raised over $4 . 2 million since the ObamaCare decision .
A he ’ s a brave him .	Justice Kennedy should be proud of himself for sticking to his principles , in light of Justice Roberts' bullshit !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Interesting that Roberts said it was a tax in order to come out with his good public relations decision when ( cont )
.	Had a great time with MittRomney last night . He is focused and ready for the battle ahead . Lots of money was raised .
Call you her love her bed !	It seems that Justice Scalia originally wrote the majority on ObamaCare and Roberts then switched his position .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s the sun be but yet And think ’ s the matter ’ s men ’ s her ”	Justice Roberts did the Republican Party and MittRomney a great favor . He essentially said ObamaCare is a tax , ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Justice Roberts turned on his principles with absolutely irrational reasoning in order to get loving press from ( cont )
I will be on the morning , that ’ s morning ’ s the morning .	Wind Farms are not only disgusting to look at but also cause tremendous damage to their local ecosystems .
I thank you .	Obamacare will bankrupt our country and lead to socialized medicine . We must all focus now on electing MittRomney this November .
A great night .	A list from Heritage: ""Top 10 Most Expensive Obamacare Taxes and Fees""
I thank you !	#FullRepeal: Stopping Obamacare is now up to the American people . We must elect MittRomney this November .
I will be a bed at her that .	Remember this---BarackObama told GStephanopoulos in 09 that it is ""not true"" that the individual mandate is a tax
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ”	The USC made a terrible decision today . How can a requirement to buy private health insurance logically be a Government tax ? !
The way will I come to the way to her ”	Wow , the Supreme Court passed ObamaCare . I guess JusticeRoberts wanted to be a part of Georgetown society more than anyone knew .
But , ’ s great people , great people !	Preliminary talks have begun for next season's #CelebrityApprentice . As usual , we will have another great season .
I had a great time in his great soldier , for the time , I thank you for them .	""The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes . "" --Benjamin Disraeli
I thank you , her that ’ s a ”	It is terrible that BarackObama did not appoint an independent counsel to investigate the national security leaks . No accountability .
What ’ s the man cannot be not at them !	The Fed's actions these past 3 years could bring record high inflation in the near future . That would be ( cont )
I will not let you have a bed .	Who's the outsourcer ? BarackObama's campaign is using a travel company with outsourced jobs in China and India .
Great news in her that the news of her that first be first .	A ""Lion's List"" of Democrats are not attending BarackObama's DNC Convention . The Democratic Party is in turmoil .
Our ’ s great men ’ s great work in the knave ’ s great their great work in the great their great men of his great work of his great work at the great soldier ’ s great soldier .	Unemployment has been over 8% for a record 40 straight months . MittRomney's election will end the BarackObama downturn .
Why , I hope that you will be the next of the next of the next of her .	""Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first , the lesson afterwards . "" --Vernon Sanders Law
In more , more than the power than the power .	Scary--now China's Development Bank is looking to buy USA homes and developments They will own our country soon .
A honor to be the people by the England ’ s her .	Welcome to the new Egypt Muslim Brotherhood representatives who won't take questions from Israeli journalists
Who says the says ’ s crown that it is the crown of her ' s crown that says ’ s crown says the crown of her that ’ s crown that ’ s crown that ’ s crown of her work is the crown of work is very crown , Who is he is he is very crown that he is he is the crown that he is very crown that he is very crown that he is very crown that he is the crown that he is the crown that he is he is the crown of her	Shock - BarackObama's DNC Convention has a $27M deficit and events are starting to be canceled .
I thank you for your peace !	""Empty pockets never held anyone back . Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that . "" -- Norman Vincent Peale
I will be a man that ’ s day at the morning .	Outrageous- BarackObama has spent over $2 . 7B on implementing ObamaCare since the oral arguments at SCOTUS
Why , my reason , my lord , and gone , and the house .	I am glad America is starting to get to know MittRomney the way I know him . A wonderful & , decent family man ( cont )
Great tonight tonight , he was a very much of her .	Another broken promise by BarackObama: ObamaCare actually increases income inequality It must be fully repealed !
He ’ s hear and hear the law and her sleep .	What a statesman ! BarackObama made sure to quickly call the Muslim Brotherhood victor to congratulate him on ( cont )
I thank you for all your peace , ’ s peace !	The Islamists have won . Just as I predicted , the Muslim Brotherhood has taken over Egypt . BarackObama never should have abandoned Mubarek .
Call her again again To her again again again	My foxandfriends interview re: Muslim Brotherhood taking over Egypt , our vast natural gas resources & , US tax system
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ”	Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on SquawkCNBC 7:30 AM
I thank you , ’ s a time !	An insightful article on BarackObama
I thank you , that they know ’ s bed .	Sometimes there is justice . A Chinese military newspaper was hacked .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Many Democrats up for reelection in 2012 are skipping the DNC convention in Charlotte Smart politics !
Why , her “ ” ?	Watch the WH spokesman try to spin BarackObama's rationale for using exec . priv . on Fast & , Furious
Great was but the coming out of her men ’ s lead .	The $9B that BarackObama spent in 'Stimulus' for Solar , Wind Projects created 910 total jobs , costing $9 . 8M each .
He ’ s from her that I thank you , We must be safe .	Moody's is out to make publicity . The bank downgrades from yesterday don't make up for Moody's giving AAA ( cont )
Will be on a one of her tonight .	USA tuitions are completely out of control . In the last 4 years , the average price has gone up by 15% . Unsustainable !
A very better him out of her come in his fortunes Will be in the state of the ears .	Congrats to MiamiHEAT on winning NBA championship . MickyArison is a tremendous owner & , has done wonders for ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Good messaging and staying on point . MittRomney called BarackObama ""anti-investment , anti-business , anti-jobs""
I thank you for the people ’ s bed , Who ’ s a peace for the matter .	""Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work . "" - Thomas Edison
Why , I hope you ’ s a hope !	Sad--just 16% of American parents think their children will be better off than them We can do much better !
Call her her “ Call her her her in the lead .	The BarackObama campaign took in $39M in May but spent $44 . 6M . Sound familiar !
Who , are a children , her call at the rate of France ’ s France , the quarrel ’ s issue of the other issue of her men of her ” A lust ’ s women ’ s kingdom ’ s horse ’ s kingdom ’ s horse ’ s issue of the quarrel ’ s issue of her daughter ’ s women ’ s women ’ s issue of her daughter ’ s women ’ s issue of the quarrel , Who had been a quarrel , Who had been a issue of her daughter ’ s issue	The new DarKnightRises trailer is fantastic Trump Tower stood in for Wayne Enterprises during filming .
He ’ s one of her sister to the state of her ' s part of her .	Rape is a huge problem in the USA military . Over 19 , 000 rapes last year .
Why on the crown to her again	I look forward to playing golf with President BarackObama someday .
I thank you !	The USC should be ruling any day now on ObamaCare . Hopefully we will get the right result .
Poor her have a thing it ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s ’ s ’ s the thing ’ s men have ’ s men of her	SHOCK - BarackObama's people are sending paid political organizers to heckle at MittRomney events
Who ’ s the crown to her ”	CORRUPT--with the national security leaks and Fast & , Furious , there are clearly at least two cover ups in BarackObama's White House .
I am a man of her people ’ s great things .	Yesterday there was yet another massive intelligence leak by the BarackObama administration .
Shall have gone after the years since I have been so , I am gone .	The Amateur ! First BarackObama was caught bowing to the Saudi King but now the President of Mexico !
Why , would say a say , like a all that ’ s rather than the more than the matter .	Now is the time to buy housing , before values have fully recovered . In 5 years , remember I told you so .
What ’ s air , Who ’ s the air ?	. MacMiller's ""Donald Trump"" just hit 60 million hits . Maybe I should go into a new business .
Who ’ s her ” “ Call her ”	Congratulations to arsenioofficial on his new late night show ! He will do really well . ( It pays to win #CelebrityApprentice )
O , that he is too much of the time .	Putin has no respect for our President --- really bad body language .
The men in the people ’ s eyes !	Now the Chinese are planning a war game w/ the Iranians , Syrians & , Russians along Syrian coast . Laughing at BarackObama
Call her her out of her ” !	Congrats to Roger Clemens , he showed great courage . This case never should have been brought to trial . Andy Pettitte did the right thing .
The time ’ s the way to the way to her ”	Now even BarackObama's old professors are coming out in opposition to his re-election . He has embarrassed them .
I have been so now for this a thing ?	My SquawkCNBC interview re: Europe's financial mess , investing in Spain , Germany's economy and the future of the Euro
I thank you !	On Friday VPBiden said that China has better cities and airports than the US . Well what has BarackObama done about it the last 3 years ? !
Who but a ” ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s but but the matter can be but a ” ’ s men can be a ”	I don't mind that BarackObama plays a lot of golf . I just wish he used it productively to make deals with Congress !
The will will be a “ Who must be the matter !	""Before you are a leader , success is all about growing yourself . When you become a leader , success is all about growing others . "" -Jack Welch
.	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM . Always interesting . Tune in !
So , how I did think on the matter ?	Win a dinner with MittRomney and me in New York this June 28th . It's selling like hotcakes !
Give her the more than the will be now !	""Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out . "" -- John Wooden
Who will be so in the more ’ s more after her ” and more after her ’ s more than the more ’ s again for her ” and more ’ s a ”	The USA needs to protect our intelligence assets , especially in China . If the Chinese want to spy on us , then we need to return the favor .
I will be her that be the people at the matter .	Today's announcement by BarackObama on immigration was done for reelection . He is using the office of the presidency as a campaign tool .
If thou say ’ s a say ’ s man ?	Now is the time for the GOP to be united with the mission of electing MittRomney this November . Stop with the public divisions .
What ’ s that I am his rage for two things ’ s two are it .	I wonder when we will be able to see BarackObama's college and law school applications and transcripts . Why the long wait ?
A pretty daughter !	""Leadership: the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it . "" --Dwight D . Eisenhower
Call it up your work up your work ’ s cause of my work ’ s cause	In some ways it is sad . We all wanted BarackObama to succeed . It's not worked out that way .
Call it , her her say !	Great players in sports make the game fun to watch . DerekJeter has continued to impress with another amazing season . Absolute professional .
A great night in a great times , Who ’ s great men ’ s great a great night !	""I don't believe in government picking winners , or in the case of ( BarackObama ) , picking losers"" --MittRomney
Good news , that she is in a very free .	Failure--for all of BarackObama's talk of ""engaging the world , "" USA favorability has dropped around the world
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Watch this video to see how bad wind turbines are for the environment-
Why , that is that is a more than the matter .	Shocking--over 92% of France--who just elected a socialist for its new PM--want BarackObama re-elected
Go , my lord , now !	Today both BarackObama and MittRomney are giving speeches on their economic policies in Ohio . The choice is ( cont )
I send you to the Moor of the Once more Great more !	Today is my birthday . My wish is for our country to be great and prosperous again .
I thank you !	""The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have . "" --Vince Lombardi
I thank you , Who ’ s people see you next week !	The one positive from the plunge in household wealth is that we are in a buyer's market . This is the time to buy !
I thank you for the matter for the matter , ’ s soldier !	SCARY-$6T in debt and $1T annual budget deficits later , BarackObama is asking for more time to fix the economy
I thank you !	China's currency manipulation is one of our nation's greatest sovereign threats . The yuan has appreciated 40% against our dollar since 2005 .
Who ’ s peace a her ’ s peace to her ”	The MittRomney healthcare plan post ObamaCare relies on consumer choices with more options The perfect remedy !
Who ’ s a ” Who were in her ” on the people ’ s men ’ s bed	Thanks to BarackObama rejecting the Keystone XL pipeline , China has become Canada's biggest oil consumer . China is laughing at us !
Not a one of her one is no one to her one of her ' s one .	Once again , Cher tweets nonsense about MittRomney . She needs to stop tweeting & , start worrying about some of her many problems .
Why , the matter with the matter with a matter with the matter ’ s part with the matter with the matter with the matter with the matter with a work with a	Good news--MittRomney is now leading in North Carolina according to ppppolls . The NC GOP is united after their ( cont )
Who ’ s a crown , “ live from her — Who , “ Who ’ s her ?	My IngrahamAngle interview discussing JebBush's comments , a united 2012 GOP , #CelebApprentice & , Trump#Miss Universe
Who ’ s a	Biden VP Spends $1 Million Annually for Weekend Trips
I ’ s her her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The Euro , put in place to hurt the USA , is done ! -- will have less negative impact than most think .
What is that there ’ s a man but I will give it .	Good--FLGovScott is suing the Federal Government so he can protect the voter rolls Florida must be a legal election .
The time I have but in the peace in your peace in your peace , and your peace in the while I have a peace in the while of them	""Success is not final , failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts . "" --Winston Churchill
What a great people ’ s great a great bed !	Sad . BarackObama has already exempted major oil importers on Iranian sanctions and is negotiating a waiver with China .
But come in a men ’ s bed , Will be so .	Scary--Americans private wealth fell 40% from 2007-2010 But BarackObama thinks the private economy is ""doing fine . ""
What ?	. MittRomney is 100% right . The US Supreme Court should do ""the right thing"" & , overturn ObamaCare or the country ( cont )
We ’ s great a great a great great ’ s great a great ’ s great a great great a great a great a great a great men .	Welcome to the new reality . Goldman Sachs just based their new Asia Pacific chairman not in Tokyo , but Beijing .
We better be , and be strong , strong , and strong .	Don't believe the media stories . OPEC and the Saudis have not been doing us any favors recently with oil outputs . Oil should be $30/barrel .
My honor , you thank you .	The timestribune - ""EricTrump: Eyes are on Northeast Pa . with gas development""
Who ’ s a ”	As one of Miamii's largest landowners , I am pulling for the MiamiHEAT in the NBA finals . Lebron's time is now ! KingJames
Why , they should be all the matter , and the true !	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon , the Doral Miami purchase , OPEC's output & , PGATOUR Open
I ’ ll stay a voice of her voice	BeanAnn Wall Street Journal & , lots of others , including television .
The her ’ s the matter that the matter ’ s ”	My gretawire interview discussing billlmaher's comments , attacks on MittRomney and CNN & , msnbctv's low ratings
Who hath lost his piece of her piece of her ' s never ?	Sadly , it took a hit & , run auto accident to make us aware of who our Secretary of Commerce is--and such an important position !
The which your tale is a tale .	""The entrepreneur builds an enterprise , the technician builds a job . "" --Michael Gerber
The next the next of your sister !	Don Jr . will present the Keynote Address in South Africa on Dec . 1st TheInvestShow
Who to her “ Call her her again , Who into her ’ s a ”	Trump Tuesday--SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:38 AM .
Great the new !	The Justice Department's investigation into the national security leaks is not independent . This is a very grave situation .
Who ’ s the crown to her ”	WASTE--HUD is spending $70M to teach grant recipients how to spend the money from their grants Does it get any dumber ?
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	China has copied our military's F-22 Raptor design We should offset their theft from our debt .
I thank you for your moon !	Last Friday's gaffe by BarackObama claiming that the private sector ""is doing fine"" is illustrative . Everything to him revolves around gov't
Why , that was great night .	With almost 1 . 3 million followers and rising really fast , everyone is asking me to critique things ( and people ) . Finally , I will be a critic .
Who , her “ Who ’ s a ”	. MannyPacquiao was robbed in his title fight on Saturday night . No wonder boxing is dying . Bring back the 15 round fights .
A most most in a man ’ s delight in th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Miss Florida was great in her denial of Miss Pennsylvania's phoney statements . She blows Miss Pennsylvania away- a different league .
Who had a great time in her people ’ s great her tonight .	Thanks to TheRealMarilu , a great woman , for her wonderful defense of the Miss USA pageant .
Call you her men of her .	Accounting firm Ernst & , Young and the celebrity judges are insulted by Miss Pennsylvania's made up PR .
.	Miss Pennsylvania is just looking for free publicity at the expense of the real winner of Miss USA Olivia Culpo .
Let us be our cause !	Beautiful MissUSA in NewYorkPost tomorrow as Audrey Hepburn in front of Tiffany's .
Will be the people at her men ’ s .	Too bad I'll Have Another out of Belmont Stakes- interest now way down .
The time to her that was his suit .	Typical--BarackObama's Press Secretary deflects any criticism of Obama's constant celebrity visits by attacking me . My great honor .
Call it !	Now BarackObama is telling MittRomney how to control his own assets . Obama is consumed by class warfare .
Who ’ s a say he is with a times at the matter and he ’ s times the matter with a ”	This is a tragedy . The real unemployment rate is 14 . 8% with over 23 . 2 million unemployed Americans . We can do much better .
The general that you have been of the general .	""He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot , will be victorious . "" -- Sun Tzu
Why , that I will be a people .	Small businesses will have an ally in the White House with MittRomney . Mitt gave a great interview yesterday
What , there is nothing to this laugh , he ’ s man ’ s man ’ s there , there is no more .	Take a tour of this amazing penthouse in Trump Park Avenue . . . .
Will be a more than the matter at her	Shock--even more BarackObama solar corruption . VPBiden's chief of staff's firm got biggest DOE loan .
The matter but one man ’ s thought but to her .	Greece's financial calamity should serve as a warning . BarackObama's massive deficit spending is unsustainable .
Who ’ s a ”	How foolish did davidaxelrod look yesterday trying to rationalize why BarackObama accepts donations from Bain ?
Great was the day !	It's good to see that FLGovScott is protecting the sanctity of this November's elections , Voter fraud must be broken .
Great a one of all , and her sister .	While I own properties across the world I am very excited about my new acquisition of Doral in Miami . ( cont )
Will be a more than a bed .	. MittRomney and I are working out a great dinner for someone- I hope it's you !
I find that ’ s a more than a more than a more than .	Why is BarackObama spending millions to try and hide his records ? He is the least transparent President--ever--and he ran on transparency .
Who ’ s men ’ s her that ’ s men ’ s her ”	The results are in . I killed Wolf Blitzer in our debate . I like Wolf but he went for an ambush ! #wolfblitzercnn
He he is .	China's new AND ADVANCED currency manipulation is killing the USA Help !
Why , a say a man ’ s lord , a man ’ s part ’ s a man ’ s a thing said a thing said a thing said a man ’ s part of a thing ’ s part of a thing said	The Miss USA Pageant #MissUSA was a big ratings hit for nbc--NBC won the evening . Thank you , Donald .
What ’ s a sleep more than all ?	. BillClinton was very nice to me , as I am to him , on the Piers Morgan Show ( CNN ) . He is loyal to his friends . piersmorgan
What ’ s men think it would come down and ’ s bed and come to her	Is Roger Simon politicoroger ever right about anything ? Now he's attacking BillClinton in defense of ( cont )
The her be , ” ’ s a bed , The one of her ’ s no more than the ”	. melaniatrump on QVC tonight at 7PM EST . Tune in !
.	Obama was very disloyal to Wisconsin Democrats . BarackObama never showed up to help them even though he ( cont )
I thank you to her that ’ s a other office !	Congratulations to ScottKWalker of Wisconsin--a great victory . A smart and tough guy . Great going .
I thank you for a great great two of a great men ’ s great a great them !	It was BarackObama who promised ""if you like your plan , you can keep your plan . "" Now ObamaCare is causing ( cont )
I thank you for a one of her ' s ' s ' s ’ s ’ s the time for a soldier ’ s bed .	China's best friend BarackObama wants to cut the US fleet down to 230 ships , the lowest level since WWI .
So good when you have her men ’ s have thank you .	""A market is never saturated with a good product , but it is very quickly saturated with a bad one . "" -- Henry Ford
Will be a one of her ” A last night .	While BarackObama spends recklessly on domestic projects , he is hollowing out our military with over $487B in cuts
The worst with the worst of her in the worst .	What a foolish statement by davidaxelrod - he said that a marcorubio VP pick would 'insult' Hispanics
The matter that this news of the matter , the matter .	We have all been following the Wisconsin recall election . ScottKWalker's victory tonight will be well-earned . A Governor who gets results .
What ’ s lost , and he cannot be seen !	Trump Vineyard Estates is a breathtaking location to hold special events for all occasions . Watch the video for a look-
Who ’ s a men ’ s great great again the great great again	Just cancelled my subscription to USATODAY . Boring newspaper with no mojo--must be losing a fortune . Founder ( cont )
Why , at the people ’ s her ” !	My SquawkCNBC interview .
The more ’ s the peace .	Now that China's own economy is slowing watch how they start doing even bigger numbers in ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	The real war on women . Under BarackObama 766 , 000 more women are unemployed from when he took office
Call it on a bed .	Welcome to the new reality-- be careful . Retirement ages will be pushed to 80 due to the incompetence of our leaders .
Who loves a crown loves him !	I had a wonderful meeting with Likud Deputy Speaker of The Knesset DannyDanon this past Friday in Trump Tower #Israel
.	My foxandfriends interview discussing #MissUSA Olivia Culpo , the job numbers & , the waste of the Obama stimulus
To her again again .	Congratulations to Miss Rhode Island on winning the Miss USA contest . She did an amazing job .
Under our men , ’ s great great men ’ s great great great us , ’ s great us , ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great great men ’ s great	""Sooner or later , those who win are those who think they can . "" --Paul Tournier
If I have a voice of her voice , I thank you !	TRUMP TUESDAY SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am Tune in !
What ’ s a place now , great place , bring ’ s the place of ’ s full of the place of great soldier .	I had fun appearing in the video for Carly Rae Jepsen's #CallMeMaybe for #MissUSA 2012-
I loved the drink in the hours of the last , but the last did come dead !	Watch #MissUSA 2012 live tonight on NBC at 9PM EST !
Let him be a fair and that he is in his people will be but for him .	I had a fun time doing the #CallMeMaybe video featuring the MissUSA contestants , BravoAndy , and GiulianaRancic-
The that , that ’ s that ’ s that ’ s chamber , ’ s the matter .	I am in Las Vegas for the MissUSA 2012 pageant . Watch live tonight on NBC at 9PM ET .
I thank you , ’ s a ”	The MissUSA 2012 contestants standing outside of Trump Tower in New York City- MissUSA 2012 tomorrow at 9PM ET NBC .
I told you of her ?	The stock market is having a horrendous day- bad employment numbers .
I thank you for your peace !	Almost all reporters falsely report that I had a ""bad time"" at last year's White House Correspondents' Dinner . ( cont )
The office in a office .	""Sooner or later , those who win are those who think they can . "" --Paul Tournier
Call her her “ Call ’ s her ”	Now the BarackObama campaign is fundraising off of me . I should get a tax rebate !
A good a good of her again	Waste ! The CBO now estimates that BarackObama's stimulus cost $831B and a ridicuous $4 . 1M per job created
He ’ s a man ’ s a man ’ s part of his part ’ s part of the matter ’ s man ’ s one of his part of a ”	What a foolish move by davidaxelrod to speak in Boston yesterday ! Completely outmaneuvered by the MittRomney campaign .
Call her a great men , people ’ s last night !	Now BarackObama is telling donors he will need to 'revisit' healthcare in his 2nd term
I thank you for all your peace !	Pres . Bill Clinton , 5 . 31 . 12: ""MittRomney had a sterling business career . ""
The men ’ s ’ s a times ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her men ’ s bed and her again to her men ’ s men ’ s bed	Tune in Sunday June 3 to NBC at 9pm ET for the 2012 Miss USA competition , coming from Planet Hollywood Resort & , Casino in Las Vegas
I thank you !	Over $1T in annual deficit spending and adding over $6T to the debt for what ? May jobless numbers are horrendous . The great Obama recovery .
But not a thing of her than a thing ’ s great a great one of a man .	melaniatrump's interview on foxandfriends discussing her beautiful jewelry line , my son Barron and the 2012 campaign
Great was the out of her that thank you !	The MissUSA 2012 contestants pose for a picture with me at Trump Tower in New York City-
I do so .	Bay Bridge in California made in China for $1 . 8 billion . $300 million in cost overruns . Are we stupid ?
Why , with her again again .	See you tonight in North Carolina . Making keynote for the Republican party- will be fun .
What ’ s a a ” Who ’ s a great her ”	Thank you to the nydailynews for a very nice story-
Who in a ” ’ s a like a like a like a like a like a great men ’ s men ’ s work in her ”	79Rose79 I was never a big fan of Bush--he gave us Obama .
We ’ s strong and her that most most most most much than that ever have more !	Unemployment has risen today and some other very bad news has just been reported- the stock market is way down .
What ’ s love , that I have ’ ll stay till the matter be more till the matter till the matter of her love ’ s love again , Who I have a bed	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM . . . be sure to tune in .
A matter this matter .	""The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength , not a lack of knowledge , but ( cont )
Call it !	US job cuts jumped 53% in May from April This is the Obama recovery ?
Why , thou hast an voice of my voice !	Pathetic ! Since GovWalker is going to win the recall , BarackObama is trying to disown the endorsement of Tom Barrett
A man , a man ’ s a man in her times more times , and her on the matter !	Q1 GDP has just been revised down to 1 . 9% The economy is in deep trouble .
What ’ s that I have not for the man , but change that .	Does anyone believe that BarackObama did not fully write or review the 1991 publisher booklet ?
We ’ s a man , that ’ s man ’ s man ’ s man !	When will davidaxelrod realize he is on a fool's errand trying to defend BarackObama's ineptitude ?
I thank you !	Dine with The Donald and Mitt
Good the man ’ s a ”	Looking forward to meeting everyone at the North Carolina GOP this Friday where I will be the keynote speaker at the dinner . #GOP
I will be with her that ’ s a ” .	China and Saudi Arabia recently struck a deal which is ""the largest expansion by any oil company in the world"" ( cont )
I will be with her ?	""The golden rule for every businessman is this: 'Put yourself in your customer's place . '""--Orison Swett Marden
I thank you for the men ’ s wrong .	Commodity prices are beginning to drop as a result of the Euro crisis
From her that a man in her — A place , and first come to a place .	So ReutersPolitics claims that MittRomney's birth certificate evokes 'controversy' Where ( cont )
I will be a one of her ” at her ’ s one ’ s will be at the matter of her ”	It was an honor to be with MittRomney the night he clinched the nomination . He will defeat BarackObama and be a tremendous POTUS .
This woman to her that ’ s bed but a woman ’ s bed for a woman ’ s bed	How ironic that BarackObama's campaign would call me a charlatan . Have they looked at their boss's record ?
Will be a one of her tonight .	The MittRomney fundraiser last night was a tremendous success .
I will be on a bed at her ?	George Will was critical of MittRomney throughout the primary . Maybe it is because his wife was turned down for ( cont )
Good my day To have done those that thank you for the thank you for the work .	George Will was pushing for JonHuntsman for the GOP nomination in December . . . said he was going to win . ( cont )
I thank you , ’ s a great work , and show a great a great work !	The BarackObama campaign keeps highlighting a web video of John McCain being nice & , respectful . I'll bet John ( cont )
Will be on a bed , Who ’ s a thing , and make a matter .	My gretawire interview discussing my MittRomney fundraiser in Trump Int'l Hotel Las Vegas and the state of the ( cont )
I thank you !	My CNN interview with wolfblitzercnn where I discuss BarackObama's 'birth certificate' and why CNN has low ratings
I thank you !	Scary--America would have had to pay all its GDP to the government to cover BarackObama's real 2011 budget deficit
The time all the way have her that have .	Now Chinese agents are smuggling our military weapons through rogue US soldiers China loves to cheat !
I will be by her that was a work at the matter .	Everybody is raving about the Trump Home Mattress by SertaMattresses . If you are looking for a mattress , go buy ( cont )
Who comes ’ s a Who ’ s Who ’ s in the sun ’ s sun ’ s chamber and never come from her ” Was ’ s bed of her again In her ”	In his own words , BarackObama ""was born in Kenya , and raised in Indonesia and Hawaii . "" This statement was made , ( cont )
Why , her her her call .	Rush is right . limbaugh and I have both created more jobs than BarackObama . . . in fact , far more jobs !
Who hath her sister to her men ’ s ' tis , being “ ' tis most true .	What could be better than dinner with MittRomney and me ?
Who ’ s a blow ’ s the most like a most like a most like a most like a ”	I want to see BarackObama's college records to see how he listed his place of birth in the application .
Who is the Moor ’ s men ’ s ’ s times	It's amazing how celebrities such as Cher can say horrible untrue things about Republican politicians and it's ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s men ’ s ha ' tis the matter , ’ s ’ s ’ s men were a ” It were a bed , Which were a ”	Reverend Wright was dumped like a dog by BarackObama--he can't be feeling too good .
Who ’ s the way but the great way again .	Perhaps BarackObama's biggest shortcoming as President is he failed to unite the country .
Call it no more .	Pres BarackObama expects MittRomney to play nice like SenJohnMcCain--it's not going to happen & , the result is going to be much different .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""For what is the best choice , for each individual , is the highest it is possible for him to achieve . "" Aristotle
A great a man in his men have thank you for all the while !	The greatest commodity to own is land . It is finite . God is not making any more of it .
Great cause on her men .	So BarackObama will attack MittRomney's career at Bain Capital but won't return donations from Bain executives
Thanks .	Unsustainable- BarackObama has increased total federal budget outlays by over 24% during his term He loves debt .
Who hath a bed a work by the women ’ s women !	Now BarackObama has decided there are 5 million Palestinian refugees He always goes against Israel's interest .
Call her great work on her men ’ s bed .	In '08 , BarackObama said that Bush adding $4T to the debt was unpatriotic . BarackObama has already added $6T .
Who made you great her work of a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great her ”	I am very excited about hosting MittRomney today for a fundraiser . Looking forward to seeing newtgingrich and many other friends .
Who ’ s a ”	Losers such as George Will and Rosie use me to get publicity for themselves . They are strictly third rate .
Who ’ s a second call her fortune !	. BarackObama is practically begging MittRomney to disavow the place of birth movement , he is afraid of it and ( cont )
I will be by her again by her again .	George Will may be the dumbest ( and most overrated ) political commentator of all time . If the Republicans listen to him , they will lose .
.	""Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference . "" -- Winston Churchill
.	HYPOCRITE ! Long before BarackObama called the Tea Party 'teabaggers' he dressed as a revolutionary in a Hyde Park rally
What a show of a matter .	Dine With The Donald and Mitt:
Call you a great people ’ s great men ’ s great great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great	Pictures of melaniatrump and me from the Men In Black III premiere in New York City We loved the movie !
I am a one that I am with her , I am with her that I am with a man ’ s one of her	Why are armed drones being released over our homeland by the Government ? Seems excessive .
Why , it was a great a show of a great a great great a great work !	Egypt is going the exact opposite of what it was . They will soon be very strongly against Israel . Thanks , President Obama . BarackObama
What ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s men ’ s bed , ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed !	My Newsmax_Media interview discussing OPEC , US gas resources , MittRomney and running a campaign against BarackObama
What ’ s the show of her !	""Do not go where the path may lead , go instead where there is no path and leave a trail . "" Ralph Waldo Emerson
What great a show !	Cadillac has made amazing strides in the beauty and quality of their cars . Great management team--congratulations ! Cadillac
Call her a bed !	Lolo Jones , our beautiful Olympic athlete , wants to remain a virgin until she gets married--she is great . Followlolo
The great brother ’ s his brother ’ s great his life ’ s great his head ’ s great his great his death ’ s his great his head	What a series the nyrangers NHLDevils is turning out to be ! Tonight's game should be another close one .
Who in the show of her ’ s years !	ObamaCare's tax credit is underperforming by over 95% creating an even bigger cost to the debt It must be repealed !
Will be on a bed at her .	Interesting . BarackObama's 1981 transfer class to Columbia ""declined"" in ""quality"" according to the Columbia Spectator
Was the man ’ s man ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s death , a man ’ s death at the matter !	Welcome to Twitter , melaniatrump !
What ’ s that thou shalt be here and be here to her ?	Capitalism doesn't guarantee success , only a chance to succeed . The community organizer BarackObama doesn't ( cont )
The last the last time of her ” — The last of her ” The last .	The storied success of Bain in private entrepreneurship and equity is one reason MittRomney will be a great POTUS .
Who with a ” ’ s a ”	Disaster ! The BarackObama tax hikes set for 2013 are going ""to throw us back into a recession"" according to the CBO
The one loves her that ’ s the new	""Obstacles are those frightening things that become visible when we take our eyes off our goals . "" -- Henry Ford
Why , a more ’ s a more ’ s ’ s a man ’ s part of a more a ” a ” a bed .	A bite from last night's piersmorgan interview discussing Rev . Wright's Ed Klein interview and the 2012 campaign
Look you , you ’ s a more ’ s ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll have a work of her again .	A segment from last night's piersmorgan interview discussing CoryBooker and fighting fire with fire in a campaign
Who ’ s from her ” Who ’ s the other of the matter .	The BarackObama administration is pressuring contractors to fix job loss estimates from environmental regulations
Come to the watch .	I'll be on Piers Morgan Tonight this evening , 9 pm on CNN . Be sure to tune in . PiersTonight
The one day !	I wonder if BarackObama ever applied to Occidental , Columbia or Harvard as a foreign student . When can we see ( cont )
But that ’ s men can have thank you !	The Republicans should use everything against BarackObama--just as BarackObama is going to use everything ( cont )
Will be on a times tonight .	China is now given preference to buy US debt by going directly to Treasury . I don't believe BarackObama knows that he selling us out .
What ’ s the men of her ” ?	Glad to see that Sacha Baron Cohen's new movie is not only a dud but not too good at the box office . He is talentless . Sacha_B_Cohen
From the matter for a man .	Hmmm . . . can you imagine me speaking at the RNC Convention in Tampa ? That's a speech everyone would watch .
Who in the lead of her ”	I am a registered Republican . With MittRomney as the nominee , we can defeat BarackObama .
Be you , and think you are a very better ; and know ’ s the state , and think you are a man can be of her men of her men , and think .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing why I don't own Facebook stock and running a tough campaign against BarackObama
I thank you for your words .	Who would you like to see on next season of #CelebrityApprentice ? Let us know- everyone wants to be on it .
But in the matter that was a very morning come !	In today's #trumpvlog I talk about how well Will Smith handled the situation with the reporter-
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	I loved Walter Cronkite , one of the all time greats . He couldn't stand Dan Rather--I agree with Walter . DanRatherReport
Who ’ s a Who with her and her .	President Obama's literary agent ( in 1991 ) promoted a book about ""the first African-American president of the ( cont )
The men ’ s a bed of a bed and ’ s men ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed of her	Rapper MacMiller's song , ""Donald Trump"" , now has 57 million hits--- I created another star--- where's my cut ?
Why , her her say ’ s a ” ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s bed .	Rev . Wright called BarackObama , on tape , a liar . Why isn't this being looked into ? It would be a great commercial for the republicans .
Who will be a people have a friend .	Mr . Pesident , BarackObama , you cannot attack free enterprise and expect to have a healthy economy !
Who ’ s a	Will Smith did a great job by smacking the guy ""reporter"" who kissed him on the lips at a red carpet event . ( cont )
Who in the hand here stay the hand in the hand , The matter for the hand of her hand , the hand in the hand .	America has lost its AAA rating and gained over $6T in debt under BarackObama and now he wants to raise the debt ceiling--SCARY !
Who ’ s a ”	Congratulations to DavidWright of the #Mets . What a great season he is having--batting over 400 and clutch hitting . Also , a fantastic guy .
Who ’ s a great her work ’ s great work .	The Yankees must re-negotiate AROD's contract . He is not the same player without drugs .
The last is our last of this last turn to this country ’ s the last of the last of this last of our country ’ s eyes of this last of this last of this last of this country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country ’ s country	#CelebrityApprentice Who will win ? Find out tonight- live Season Finale at 9PM ET on NBC .
What ’ s cause with her that ’ s people today !	Time Warner Cable went out on 5th Avenue for 2 plus days . They are a disaster . I think I'm going to switch .
My lord with her that ’ s her ” at her ”	Sure--BarackObama's literary agent claims the 1991 booklet was a 'mistake' Pretty convenient .
Go to the people , and your new French ’ s the French ’ s the matter !	Let's take a closer look at that birth certificate . BarackObama was described in 2003 as being ""born in Kenya . ""
My honor .	Reckless ! Why is BarackObama wasting over $70 Billion on 'climate change activities ? ' Will he ever learn ?
What ’ s a bed , my lord , was very true , good good good good good good good good good good good good good was .	Seems hard to believe that Facebook could be worth that much--be careful if you invest . And Mark Zuckerberg--get a pre-nup .
The more called a one of her call .	Donna Summer performed for me many times--she was great and will be missed . TheDonnaSummer
Good my daughter to her daughter , ’ s daughter .	Mitt Romney matches sitting President in fundraising for April--not an easy thing to do . Bad news for ( cont )
Call her her “ ” ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Under Mayor MikeBloomberg and Police Commissioner Ray Kelly all violent crime in NYC is down dramatically . That's leadership .
Who to her men ’ s her ” — Who ’ s a ”	""The best vision is insight . "" --Malcolm Forbes
Who is a men ’ s men ’ s great great a day .	WaPo attack on alleged high school incidents by MittRomney is a hit job to me . Where are BarackObama's high school and college records ?
Who ’ s a speak of a of “ If the other of Octavia .	Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg is clearly a brilliant guy . My advice ? Get a pre-nup ! RealMarkZuck
The state of her that her never hath today in her people today of her ' s today and her ”	Here's what I told Gretawire on FOX when it comes to singer Cher's inappropriate attacks on MittRomney
Who ’ s my her ” !	""Diligence is the mother of good luck . ""--Benjamin Franklin
What ’ s a one that I ’ s thought !	SHOCK ! While attacking MittRomney's private equity experience , BarackObama raises $2M from private equity bankers
Call you to a great people in the matter !	Wrong ! Under BarackObama's watch , Israel is not being invited to NATO summit in Chicago this month
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Glad to see that Jamie Dimon passed yesterday's shareholder vote . The JP Morgan stock holders understand that a good CEO is worth keeping .
He shall be now for the matter .	The final two- ArsenioOFFICIAL and ClayAiken- visited yesterday-
Who I ’ s more ’ s a more ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Under BarackObama , the Iranian nuclear program has rapidly grown .
What ’ s men ’ s that ’ s ’ s the matter .	We should not bail out any of the European countries or banks .
The time you are on my lord of the earth .	Why the nation's debt keeps growing - a Dept of Agriculture employee made over $242K with a $63K bonus Ridiculous .
Good my friend to her friend .	A great ad from MittRomney showing ""A Few of the 23 Million"" unemployed who need economic change Take it to him Mitt !
The the the the of the matter but the matter ’ s daughter ’ s one of the matter ”	Why won't BarackObama repeal the Defense of Marriage Act if he supports gay marriage ? He is gaming the issue .
Who in a ” ’ s a ”	According to RasmussenPoll MittRomney has a 12 point advantage over BarackObama on the economy Look for it to grow .
Call you her .	Congratulations to my friend limbaugh on being named to the ""Hall of Famous Missourians . "" Rush is a great guy & , a great character .
I was a bed and her that was so .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing Jamie Dimon , banking regulations and Mark Zuckerberg's prenuptial
What hath lost !	My gretawire interview discussing BarackObama's misleading political ad , MittRomney's response and Cher & , Rosie
The better I sleep of her sleep , shall be the night .	I hope Mark Zuckerberg signs a prenup with his current girlfriend- perhaps soon to be wife . Otherwise , she can walk away with 9 billion .
What a hell of a more a thousand ' s a thing ’ s ' st thou a thing ’ s a thing of a thing a thing of a bed	Worired that the USC will strike down ObamaCare , BarackObama is trying to implement his debacle in public schools
What ’ s a wall ’ s a wall ’ s daughter ’ s a wall ’ s three hours a wall ’ s wall ’ s three months not a wall ’ s a wall ’ s sister ’ s a thing not a thing not a thing not	More than $500 million designated for Iraqi Army disappeared . Where is it ? Our sad sad country--what have we come to ?
.	Mitt Romney gave a masterful speech this weekend at Liberty University with a wonderful introduction by Mark DeMoss . Well done . MittRomney
Who will the matter ?	Now China is threatening our allies who share defense pacts with us , the latest is the Philippines Very aggressive
Who will her ” ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	Did BarackObama try to bribe Rev . Wright with $150K ? I am sure the media will be all over this .
I thank you !	Great quote from the late Steve Jobs: ""Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower . ""
Who ’ s a ”	Facebook billionaire gives up his USA citizenship in order to save taxes . I guess 3 . 8 billion isn't enough for ( cont )
Call her her her again , her work .	Very resource rich Canada , our neighbor , is looking to China for its growth . Just another sad commentary on the USA
Call it with a strong and get thee for the last night .	The TIME Magazine cover showing late age breast feeding is disgusting--sad what TIME did to get noticed . TIME
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s soldier , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter of her ”	Howard Stern will do a great job on America'sGotTalent . He's very smart and really gets what talent is . HowardStern
Call you her “ sleep till thou hast the work of the man ’ s part of the people have a ”	Cher should stop with the bad plastic surgery and nasty statements about good people running for office . I ( cont )
What ’ s thou hast thou to her ” to her ' st thou to ’ st thou you have ’ s more of us to the matter of her ” to her men ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed .	AndyPettitte ratted out his best friend RogerClemens in a ridiculous trial . Not nice ! Who is rooting for Andy P ?
I thank you and for a good of your words and the matter !	Ugly industrial wind turbines are ruining the beauty of parts of the country--and have inefficient unreliable energy to boot .
Who said a “ Who will say ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s ’ s a ”	Terrible . Wind farms are provided permits by the US government , which causes the ""programmatic"" killing of bald eagles .
Who ’ s a sister ’ s sister .	Good news . Voters give MittRomney the edge over BarackObama on handling the economy according to gallupnews
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	If the press can report stories from MittRomney's dorm years then why can't it find BarackObama's college and law school transcripts ?
The people with her that ’ s made the sun .	Procter and Gamble is relocating its beauty headquarters from Cincinnati to Asia--what are we doing ? !
Who will on the more ’ s her that I thank you !	The April jobs report is terrible . If the labor forces didn't shrink under BarackObama then real unemployment ( cont )
I thank you !	Selective memory - BarackObama says that he ""forgets"" the recession Maybe that's why he is forgetting to create jobs .
I thank you , her that was of men of ’ s ’ s ’ s part .	Watch Celebrity Apprentice on Sunday at 9 pm on NBC--we're winding up for a terrific finale . What a season !
What ’ s a matter , go to her !	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 a . m . Always a great time .
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s work .	In the UK , taxpayers are wasting £24 million on wind farms that don't even operate . They ( cont )
Thanks , a great men ’ s great a great matter !	Who's the flip flopper ? MittRomney has never flip flopped on gay marriage .
The her that no more than the sun ’ s have been made you .	Our trade deficit continues to rise at record rates The US manufacturing sector is being ( cont )
I thank you !	Charles Barclay , a friend of mine & , a wonderful guy , didn't mean to be so nasty to MittRomney . He was just ( cont )
Call her her her work .	Congratulations to IsraeliPM netanyahu on forming his new unity government . A major political success for the Jewish State of Israel .
Who the the her of her ” the people ’ s her ”	Welcome to the new reality . BarackObama is now letting China buy US banks The US government is selling us out .
Who ’ s a ”	. Cher attacked MittRomney . She is an average talent who is out of touch with reality . Like Rosie O'Donnell , a total loser !
I thank you !	The polling numbers show a close race . MittRomney needs all of our support .
The the her that the sun of her ” Who ’ s her ”	Georgetown should not host KathleenSebelius for the graduation ceremony . Her policies abuse Catholics .
Come , and one ’ s bed , sir .	Gas prices are still too high . We really need to pressure OPEC to lower the price of oil .
I am leave for his great hours , and great gods , Which , ’ s great time .	Joe Biden called America ""the Problem"" vis a vis Iran He never wastes an opportunity to say something stupid . JoeBiden
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	My gretawire interview discussing the economy , unemployment numbers , China , Charles Barkley , France and the election
I thank you for the tale .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing the Republic of Georgia , taxes , the fledgling economy and Facebook
Call her her “ Call her her again !	""It's not that I'm so smart , it's just that I stay with problems longer . "" Some good words from Albert Einstein . It pays to be tenacious .
Who ’ s a more than a more than ’ s too .	My son Don will be giving the Keynote Address at The Investment Show in Sandton , South Africa on Dec . 1 . He's an ( cont )
The upon my lord , would have the morning from the morning ’ s of the morning ’ s of my lord , would have the morning , Which , Which were the morning , Which ’ s of the morning this morning this morning ,	Why do you need a photo ID to buy a drain cleaner not to vote ?
What ’ s a one of the other ’ s the other ’ s the sea .	2011 #CelebrityApprentice winner JohnRich and MarleeMatlin interviewed the final four in this week's episode-
I thank you !	""Entrepreneurs must have vision plus the power of focus . . . to see the future and turn their vision into a profitable reality . "" #MidasTouch
The more ’ s the more of the more ’ s more !	""I don't consider writing books a small venture . . . writing books is essentially a sharing experience . "" MidasTouch theRealKiyosaki
What ’ s to her that I will have ’ tis to his people .	VOTE 4 mariamenounos & , derekhough#01 tonight ! She's doing a great job on Dancing with the Stars #DWTS ( & , a good person ) . 1-800-868-3401
The time of her hath been the very .	V . P . . . . . really !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s ’ s men ’ s her ”	What's the primary ingredient for success ? Passion . You have to love what you're doing or you won't get too far .
.	""You can't build a reputation on what you're doing to do . "" Great quote by Henry Ford .
The next of men ’ s no more men , and not her men ’ s the next of our men ’ s men ’ s bed but a bed , but a bed , but a ”	Still a buyer's market . Home prices are dropping , mortgages are low . Now is the time to take advantage for your gain .
And that comes out of her today at her ” And on the matter .	We must keep the pressure on BarackObama's administration to make sure Chen comes to the US . It would be a tragedy to abandon him in China .
Why , her that ’ s her be in her ” so , so good ?	No wonder Afghanistan is a mess ! BarackObama is releasing high level insurgents in exchange for pledges of peace .
What ’ s the other will be more than the thoughts .	I had a great time doing press interviews with LisaLampanelli and Teresa_Giudice earlier today-
The general great grace of the people live .	Our economy is at a standstill . Some are even predicting a possible double dip . We need to elect MittRomney in November .
I will be the day of her live at the morning .	The election result in France is very disappointing . The Europeans have to embrace austerity in order for their economy to fully recover .
The good my lord of a great soldier ’ s great .	Glad to hear Mariano Rivera is going to make a comeback in 2013 . He is a true sportsman and a great competitor .
For the matter now .	The 9/11 trials at Gitmo over the weekend were a disaster . Can you imagine how much worse it would be if BarackObama tried them in NYC ?
What ’ s horse ’ s a horse ’ s host ’ s the sun to the sun ’ s host ’ s sleep ’ s sleep ’ s bed	Watch ET tonight to find out what my beautiful wife will be wearing at the Met Gala !
A one of one of her men think ’ s better hope in their best hope , and be in the better of her men ’ s men of her ” is the men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work is	My foxandfriends interview discussing the 9/11 Trials at Gitmo , MittRomney , the job numbers and CelebApprentice
So good of a a man ?	""Much as it pays to emphasize the positive , there are times when the only choice is confrontation . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
Who ’ s men ’ s her men ’ s have In her “ Great was of her ?	""Ultimately , Trump Tower became much more than just another good deal . I work in it , I live in it , and I have a ( cont )
What ’ s a one of her bed , ’ s ducats is very well , and a good ducats is a good ducats is .	Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on squawkboxCNBC , 7:30 AM , don't miss it !
Who ’ s that thank you for that ' ll give the man that give us such a thing that ’ s one .	Looks like my work here is done , bringing a close to the first ever #NBC #SweepsTweet . Keep watching ApprenticeNBC , every Sunday 9/8c .
The young that that ’ s a young and that ’ s man ’ s the young and that ’ s man ’ s a very one of his bed , and had a ”	Firing lisalampanelli may have come as a surprise . She’s a strong player . But there are no losers at this late point . #sweepstweet
What , good good good good , !	#CelebrityApprentice Listening to the advice from johnrich and marleematlin adds another insight into the Final 4 . #sweepstweet
Who ’ s days of her days ’ s days of him ' s the days of him and ”	#sweepstweet 3nVMusic I very much rely on my own ‘take’ of the situation and people involved . My instincts ( cont )
Who ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	#SweepsTweet clayaiken might get some use out of the Chi Touch digital hairdryer . Not the same for arsenioofficial .
.	Remember the huge amount of money raised by JohnRich and company . . . #sweepstweet
The men have the fear , that thou art but the hope , the hope of the world !	I have a feeling the emphasis by johnrich and marleematlin will be on the charities and the money raised . ( cont )
.	#CelebrityApprentice It’s good to have Jack back too with marleematlin . He’s become a star . #sweepstweet
.	#sweepstweet johnrich and marleematlin were on #CelebrityApprentice—and they’re back !
Who in a one ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s one .	#sweepstweet Teresa seems to underestimate the power of observance—that of the client as well as her team- but she’s a wonderful person
The great great work of a new !	#CelebrityApprentice Boardrooms—can anything be more intense ? #sweepstweet
I will be on the people tonight .	#sweepstweet teresa_giudice definitely fell under lisalampanelli's negotiation skills—an important business tool .
What ’ s a ” to her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s will be of the matter to a thing would be a ” to her	#sweepstweet lisalampanelli wins $100 , 000 for her charity and that’s a nice gift .
Look , the very most very much of my lord .	#sweepstweet DonaldJTrumpJr and EricTrump have the eyes and ears for total surveillance- I wonder where they got that from ?
What the world ’ s a ”	#CelebrityApprentice arsenioofficial “trying to be invisible” ? No way that’s going to happen . #sweepstweet
Who ’ s a Who ’ s men in her ' s ' s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her ”	Product placement is a definite prerequisite . #sweepstweet
Who ’ s a chain on a last ?	How will the client react ? They’ve got both Elle Magazine and Chi to please . #sweepstweet
The our love is the matter for the wonder !	Aubrey has a lot of self confidence—but will it be warranted ? #sweepstweet
The day of the day !	I’m not sure about teresa_giudice as Project Manager . lisalampanelli can be formidable . But let’s see what happens #sweepstweet
Who ’ s a one again ’ s again now in the matter again	Good move by Aubrey to be the red-headed model they didn’t have . #sweepstweet
Who ’ s a Cassio ’ s a matter !	It’s clear to me that teresa_giudice needs some lessons in negotiation #sweepstweet
The one will be his reason with her ” at her ”	Could be a fight over red-heads with lisalampanelli—this could be good . #sweepstweet
What I think ’ s a more ’ s again !	I will be live tweeting during tonight's #CelebrityApprentice 9 PM ET NBC
Who ’ s the her ”	This Sunday's CelebApprentice will shock you ! Big Development . . . Be sure to tune in on NBC this Sunday at 9PM EST !
Who ’ s her , her her hands is full of her eyes .	In the 1920's people were worried about global cooling--it never happened . Now it's global warming . Give me a break !
The one of the best of her never have seen ?	According to BarackObama the War on Terror is over global warming is a national ( cont )
.	With today's struggling job numbers , it is clear that there is one choice this November . MittRomney can turn the economy around .
Why , that is so far in two key .	Welcome to the BarackObama recovery--the labor force participation rate is at a NEW 30 year low of 64 . 3%
What thank you !	The new unemployment numbers are terrible . 522 , 000 more people are out of the labor force to 88 , 419 , 000 .
Will be a people with her men ’ s her ” The matter .	Mariano Rivera , Yankee pitcher , is the greatest ever . Get well fast .
A great tale in the York ’ s great York , a great York , a great York !	Derek Jeter is playing phenomenal baseball . He is a total winner--and also a great guy . DerekJeter
The world is the world hath been again !	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM . . .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	Photo from yesterday's USGA announcement that Trump National Golf Club Bedminster will host the 2017 USA Women's Open-
Who ’ s a ” “ Who in her ” ’ s ”	Fracking will lead to American energy independence . With price of natural gas continuing to drop , we can be at a tremendous advantage .
In the place is the place is ’ s one ’ s one ’ s ’ s one ’ s the place ’ s one .	Congratulations to the thenyrangers on taking a 2-1 lead over the washcaps . Great game last night !
A great a work !	We will never cut spending until we actually work off of a budget . The Democrats haven't passed one in over 3 years . What a joke .
Good tale , my lord , from her lord , I ’ ll from him .	Now BarackObama is praising China's ""cooperation"" in negotiations over Chen Guangcheng This is a sad episode for us .
.	Listen to my interview with gretawire tonight at 10PM ET on FoxNews .
Why , that ’ s her yet ’ s reason .	The rolling average of jobless claims is the highest in 5 months ObamaCare continues to slow growth and cost jobs .
The hope thou art thou as a knave ’ s Denmark !	""The economy will come back , but it will not be the same economy . The old economy of the Industrial Age is ( cont )
Will be on the matter with her .	WRONG ! BarackObama capitulated to China by releasing Chen Guangcheng out of the US Embassy China really has our number
A great day of the day ’ s great men ’ s great a day !	Snowboarder/Skateboarder Shaun_White stopped by to visit this week . . . .
Call my bed .	When will BarackObama release his college and law school transcripts ?
The very part of my daughter .	My friend Ronald Kessler explains in washingtonpost that Secret Service problems are much bigger than prostitutes
And did never be of her back to her again .	Orders for USA factory goods in March record biggest decline in 3 years China is eroding the US manufacturing sector .
Why , ’ s a man ’ s bed .	The new Dark Knight Rises Trailer is great The movie filmed scenes in Trump Tower last October .
Call it out on the great her , Who ’ s great work of great work ,	Editorial by DonaldJTrumpJr in the ""DailyCaller: ""Defending Innovation in America""
Who ’ s the men but the people ’ s men ’ s her , but the men ’ s work of her ”	My interview with NYDNGatecrasher discussing BarackObama's #WHCD and my endorsement of MittRomney
Who ’ s more than his side , have lost his years than the ten years .	""China's leadership is sneaky and underhanded , they significantly underreport their actual defense budget and ( cont )
Will be gone to Richmond , and England today .	""Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military ( cont )
We ’ s a strong and a full of fast !	America's debt crisis is our country's greatest challenge . Spending must be curbed for our long term fiscal future .
The state of a thing , a matter , a one that is a matter .	Bad move-BarackObama released $147M in aid to the Palestinians That money is going to Hamas .
Who ’ s a one of her ' em ’ s ' em ’ s ' s a ”	The EPA official who wants to crucify gas companies resigned Good- but his attitude is endemic in the EPA
Look to the man and know you now .	rupertmurdoch is a superb businessman and a world class CEO . He has built a tremendous empire and is certainly ""fit"" to run his corporation .
What ’ s a times .	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing BarackObama's #WHCD , my Scotland property & , BarackObama using Bin Laden's death
Who thank you for the people ’ s her that ’ s her ”	My foxandfriends interview discussing BarackObama's #WHCD , lowering tax rates , Republic of Georgia & , ( cont )
Why , this make a work like a ”	""BaatorKosu: realDonaldTrump awesome"" Thsnks !
What said , and !	""The innocent bystanders of American poverty are kids . Yet two-thirds of childhood poverty in America is ( cont )
I am a while I have a man of these weak and one .	""Our Founding fathers got it . They understood that nothing good in life--religious freedom , economic freedom , ( cont )
Why , the men ’ s the great great great great once more ' th ' thing ’ s once more again , the thing , the thing , the thing , there ’ s thing ,	Here’s a great video of the official launch of my new fragrance #Success Macys Herald Square
O , there is no more than the stage tonight !	Guess which POTUS has held more fundraisers than the previous 5 combined ? BarackObama is ( cont )
Good my lord .	The Federal Government is teaching citizens 'Financial Literacy' while it is running $16T in debt Only in America !
All are very well , and her two , not , and not , the great great deed on the great stage , and the great our men , and the two , and be not , and not be not .	Chinese spies stole our F-35 Joint Strike Fighter design We should offset the cost from our Chinese debt
What ’ s that is not to his reason .	Barack Obama's delivery on Saturday night was excellent--cute mention of Trump--and I am flattered to be mentioned . BarackObama
Who I love that ’ s love ’ s love ’ s the sun can make him make a crown of her sister ’ s love ’ s bed of her again of her	Good Morning America is thrilled Rosie is working for the todayshow--that means almost guaranteed success for GMA
Who is the day , so far ?	He johnedwards is bad , but andrewyoung is worse--not only is he a ""rat"" but it turns out he stole much of the money for himself .
Call it not for the matter .	Rosie O'Donnell should leave Lindsay Lohan alone--Rosie has bigger problems than Lindsay . Lindsay's mother called my office for help
Why , why ’ s a ” ?	My gretawire interview where I discuss fixing the economy , killing Bin Laden , the John Edwards trial and fair trade .
What ’ s that I think and the other are on this	Tomorrow is #TrumpTuesday on squawkCNBC 7:30 AM EST . Always interesting .
The Moor .	#SuccessByTrump Here’s a photo from my appearance at Macy's Herald Square with ximenanr
I ’ s a man ’ s bed , I ’ ll do give him a years of the thing , I do give him a bed and his bed	Wind turbines threaten the migration of birds Where's the outcry ?
What , as a little of her , hath a little .	Claims for unemployment are at a 3 month high Where's the BarackObama recovery ?
Can any man be as a man ?	The Obama's Spain vacation cost taxpayers over $476K They love to spend money .
The trade , is not a trade , she was .	""In this book , our second together , we share what gives us the Midas Touch , the ability to turn things we touch ( cont )
Why , a man ’ s bed to her ” to be a man ’ s one of her be a thing to be a bed of her be a bed .	Be sure to tune in to another amazing episode of #CelebApprentice this Sunday on nbc at 9PM EST ! This Sunday's ( cont )
What ’ s a work !	The EPA is caught saying that their ""philosophy is to crucify oil companies"" That will sure lower the price of gas .
Why , a fortune ’ s work on this , ’ s her ”	Admiral McRaven had full operational control of the Bin Laden mission BarackObama gave vague directions .
Who had rather be the matter of the matter !	""I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing . Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' or 'insourcing ? ' We need ( cont )
Call it her her be her again the ”	I have never been a fan of John Edwards but it is time for the gov't to focus on more important things . johnedwards
Go from her ”	I wonder why BarackObama is now spending $8B to postpone Obamacare's Medicare Cuts until after the election ?
The more , The her ’ s the matter We ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter , The matter , The matter , The matter , The work of her	Standing on what will be the greatest golf course in the world . Opens July 10th .
So good you , you very well .	The economy is expected to slow down once again at the end of the year The price of gas has to be lowered .
The more ’ s a man ’ s bed .	Still a buyer's market . Residential home sales fall 7 . 1% in March . Now is the time to buy property .
What ’ s a Cassio ’ s that I have been “ Give ’ s good good good good good ”	He BarackObama believes that the War on Terror is over Who does he think won ?
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s the sun ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ’ s her ”	Congratulations to MittRomney on Tuesday night's sweep . He also delivered a 'Killer Speech'
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ”	""Right now , we are running a massive $300 billion trade deficit with China . That means every year . China is ( cont )
Will be a one of her again tonight .	""The fact is , right now and for the foreseeable future , the planet runs on oil--and that means we need to get ( cont )
I thank you .	Demand by China continues to raise the price of oil We must become energy independent through our vast resources .
Who ’ s a	Majority of Independents want Obamacare overturned The best way to do it is by voting out BarackObama
Why , the great a work in her work today !	Congratulations to the NYRangers on bringing the series home last night .
And then , a great time in a place that I have a place , most little place .	Made in America ? BarackObama argues that his long form birth certificate is irrelevant in court .
Who .	The Government spends 30% more than it admits BarackObama is out of control with his deficit spending .
Will be a people with her men ’ s bed .	""You can take the smartest kid at Wharton , the one who gets straight A's and has a 170 IQ , and if he doesn't ( cont )
.	Why gas prices will cost BarackObama re-election: pain-at-the-pump-not-good-for-obama
The sister ’ s in the sister ’ ll be , and be gone !	I am enjoying my travels across Europe but home is where the heart is . Looking forward to coming back to the family in New York very soon .
The more ’ s a more ’ s a woman ’ s great woman !	""I'm loyal to people who've done good work for me . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
Who in her ” ’ s a ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter in her ”	American professors were in Tehran for an Occupy Wall Street Conference BarackObama's diplomatic initiative ? ! ? !
Who to be hear a speech of her speech , Who in the speech of her lord , to hear a more than a speech have a good speech of her speech of her again in her ”	JonHuntsman just trashed the GOP and stood up for China on Sunday I am surprised he didn't say it in Mandarin .
I thank you .	69 Democrats voted in favor of the Keystone pipeline in the House this week A major defeat for BarackObama
True .	Lucky to have been chosen for the purchase of the magnificent The Point Lake and Golf Club on Lake Norman in ( cont )
Thanks .	Not only are wind farms disgusting looking , but even worse they are bad for people's health ( cont )
I will be her that ’ s bed on a true .	""More than anything else , I think deal-making is an ability you're born with . It's in the genes . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
Thanks .	Via BBCNews , ""Trump begins renewables mission in Scotland""
Good fortune !	Via Reuters_Biz , ""Trump flies into ex-Soviet Georgia for tower project project""
Will be a times at her ” And he takes in her bed !	Just left Istanbul , Turkey , yesterday where #TrumpTowers was just opened--magnificent !
A great gods ’ s a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men of a great men ’ s bed , Who ’ s a great men of her	Today I'm in Aberdeen , Scotland , preparing for the July 10th opening of perhaps the world's greatest golf course
But leave a bed .	Recently opened TrumpToronto- it's beautiful and here is a video of the ribbon cutting ceremony . .
I thank you !	MittRomney can get people back to work .
What ’ s the matter and he 'll make a Thanks .	Tonight’s #CelebrityApprentice will continue to impress . Be sure to tune in tonight at 9PM ET NBC . It will be amazing .
Thanks .	My interview with parademagazine from the Olympics 100 Day Countdown in Times Square
Who comes the “ Who comes a ” a ” ?	A bad manager such as BarackObama will continually be plagued by scandals . Leadership starts at the top .
The men is the men to her ” for her that ’ s the matter .	I am in Istanbul , Turkey . Just opened magnificent #TrumpTowers--- a big hit .
What a most like the the the world ’ s men ’ s her ’ s the sun ’ s men ’ s men ’ s the the people have her men ’ s bed of the people ’ s bed	#trumpvlog The song ""Donald Trump"" hits 54 million views . MacMiller- Where's my money ?
.	Dick Clark was a friend of mine , he lived in one of my buildings on East 61st Street . Everybody loved him . He will be missed .
What a time had we all of her sleep , Which , Which , and bear them !	Don't be fooled . In 2008 BarackObama promised immigration reform in his 1st yr of his 1st term . Now promising ( cont )
The time was today .	In today's #trumpvlog RepWeiner , the Secret Service , and Dick Clark . . . . .
.	RECKLESS ! BarackObama has now increased the debt more than any other POTUS and the first 42 combined .
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” !	MittRomney is right--this election is about jobs But it is interesting that BarackObama ( cont )
The more your chamber .	Ted Nugent was obviously using a figure of speech , unfortunate as it was . It just shows the anger people have towards BarackObama .
The matter to see the matter with her ” at her ?	FLGovScott signed a $70B budget which cut $140M in indiv projects Very impressive . Rick is doing a masterful job .
Call her her “ Call her her ” Call her her again .	Very proud to announce that Mar-a-Lago was awarded top Historic building in the state by the illustrious ( cont )
I will be with her ?	MittRomney has shown last week that he will campaign aggressively against BarackObama . I am confident he can defeat BarackObama .
Who ’ s a ” to her ”	""I make no apologies for this country , my pride in it , or my desire to see us become strong and rich again . ( cont )
.	My fox8news interview discussing the passing of my longtime friend Dick Clark . A true TV legend who will be missed .
Call her her her .	Vanity Fair party at Tribeca Film Festival was a bust .
Who ’ s great her ” ’ s great men ’ s ’ s great great men ’ s great a great men ’ s great men ’ s a great her ”	I knew disgusting and unwanted porn star REPWEINER was a sleazebag the first time I met him . Thank goodness he was revealed ( so to speak ) .
What ’ s fire !	#CelebrityApprentice ranked #1 among ABC , CBS , and NBC in all key demos from 10-11PM . It won the 10PM hour by a 53% margin in 18-49 rating .
Call her her “ Call her her bed !	By BarackObama's design , the middle class will be hit with record taxes under ObamaCare through inflation REPEAL !
Who he ’ s a ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the Moor ’ s of a ”	Vanity Fair circulation down 20 percent . My third rate stalker should start looking for a new job .
Who was a one that was her say !	Obama's Secret Service catastrophe has openly revealed a great lack of respect for our President . If they ( cont )
Who ’ s her that hath the lead the lead o ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s lead the lead her men ’ s horse of her	Gloria Allred is always talking about me . She needs publicity . She is by far a better PR agent than lawyer .
Call all the , will be , Who , ’ s men ’ s bed , ’ s ’ s bed , and be all .	Under BarackObama , 5 major banks now control 56% of economy from 43% in 2007 Another catastrophe is brewing .
Who ’ s a more ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ”	Yesterday was BarackObama's favorite day of the year--he collects our taxes to redistribute .
Who will be a ”	Our ally Canada is 'frustrated' by BarackObama's radical anti-gas policies BHO is forcing Canada to send gas to China .
So , so , that ’ s bed , Who ’ s her !	Enjoyed watching ericbolling $ SarahPalinUSA's FoxNews special #PainatthePump over the weekend . ( cont )
I will be with her ?	While BarackObama watches , China is trying to have the yuan overtake our dollar as the international ( cont )
So in the prayers for the people in the great people .	He MittRomney would do a great job on Saturday Night Live . nbcsnl
The time of our marriage is the time .	Paul Teutul Sr . is a fantastic guy . Although I fired him on #CelebApprentice , we will remain great friends . I love the bike he made for me .
.	I have captured the smell of success . Meet me and the new ""Success"" Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm , first ( cont )
What ’ s the come to her ?	My foxandfriends interview discussing BarackObama's reckless spending , the Buffet Tax gimmick and #CelebApprentice
What say thou art best ?	#CelebrityApprentice Paul Teutul , Sr . joined me for a press event in Trump Tower last week-
Call the her “ Call her her in her ”	Mike Bloomberg is doing a great job as Mayor of New York City . Ray Kelly is a great Police Commissioner . MikeBloomberg
Will be a more by her again .	I'll be on@SquawkCNBC tomorrow at 7:30 am #TrumpTuesday
Will be a more by her again .	Hear me on kiss925toronto now ! #rozandmocha
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Find out what Success smells like . I'll be Macys Herald Square April 18 5:30pm to sign my new fragrance , first ( cont )
The people of her yesterday .	I will be at Macys Herald Square April 18 to sign my new fragrance , #Success by Trump . First 100 customers receive a copy of my new book .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	It will be interesting to see how Jenna Talackova does as Miss Universe Canada . We all wish her luck .
What ’ s a good of her voice will be of her .	The FDA must immediately stop allowing massive dose vaccinations in babies . It is mind boggling that they allow this practice to continue .
What thank you for the great men ’ s great times !	Axl Rose should take his #rockhall2012 honors and be happy . Stop the no induction nonsense . Do it for your fans axlrose .
Who to the crown ’ s men ’ s her ’ s ’ s the matter to the matter ’ s men ’ s bed the work tomorrow	Just left the best golf course in the State of California- trumpgolfla . When in the LA area , check it out even ( cont )
Who ’ s great a great was .	""Capitalism requires capital . When government robs capital from investors through high taxes , it takes away the ( cont )
Call her her “ Who ’ s her ” and her ’ s her ”	BarackObama who wants to raise all our taxes , only pays 20 . 5% on $790k salary . Do as I say not as I do .
Call her her sister is a daughter of her daughter ’ s daughter ’ s bed .	If BarackObama's policies are so advantageous then why is he constantly invoking Ronald Reagan on the Stump ?
Who by her men ’ s her that have been the king ’ s hear of her ”	USA jobless claims are at a 2 month high . BarackObama's gas policy and ObamaCare are directly killing jobs .
Who we ’ s her ” ’ s love ’ s love ’ s love ’ s her ”	One of the simplest joys of life is golf . A great game to both play and watch .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Now BarackObama's Vice-Chief of Joint Staff is defending China while they cheat Wrong course of action .
My lord to the ?	Many many people are thanking me for what I said about autism & vaccinations . Something must be done immediately .
I will be a man of her tonight .	Many countries are cutting back , big time , on ugly , industrial wind turbines . The energy is very inefficient & ( cont )
Thanks .	The Celebrity Apprentice delivers the goods--and the puppets-- Sunday at 9 pm on NBC
But , from his fortunes , being people ' th ' people , Will be great people .	I'll be on foxandfriends at 7:30 AM Monday
Who was a great men that was a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s a great men ’ s a great men ’ s a great men that ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great	Attention to detail is critical , choose scents that exude sophistication & confidence . Find out more 4/18 , 5:30 pm Macys Herald Square .
Why , great a great her that thank you .	Excited to see that AnnDRomney has joined twitter . Melania and I are looking forward to hosting her next week ( cont )
What ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s her ” ?	He FLGovScott handled the Zimmerman matter very well . I am glad to see there will be a trial . Justice . Now let's wait for a fair trial .
I will be by her again tonight .	It's Thursday , how much $ has BarackObama wasted today ?
Why , the matter that will be the matter .	I’ve gotten many letters from people fighting autism thanking me for stating how dangerous 38 vaccines on a ( cont )
Why , so good thou hast thou her bed .	""Beyond eliminating the wasteful spending , we need to get tough in cracking down on the hundreds of billions of ( cont )
He news and a one of her men ’ s bed .	""We just have to get tough , get smart , and get a president willing to stand up for America and stick it to the ( cont )
Who is a Cassio ’ s daughter ’ s her daughter .	""Look , if we can make chopsticks in America and sell them to the Chinese , we can compete on hundreds of other fronts as well . ""TimeToGetTough
Great !	BarkyJason Thanks .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ” !	I developed the Wollman Rink under budget and in record time If I hadn't gotten involved , it would still be unused .
Why , the last night for a last night , a very poor in the last !	China attempted to sell embargoed computers to Iran China loves these deals !
Who ’ s her ” and her her ” and her ”	He MittRomney is a successful entrepreneur . BarackObama successfuly ruined America's credit . Easy choice in November .
Call her her “ Call her her ”	There can never be a sharp economic recovery until BarackObama is out of the White House .
Who ?	The Fed should not do QE3 . Neither the economy nor the dollar can withstand another round of artificial liquidity .
Thanks .	I'll be speaking tomorrow at the San Jose Convention Center ( CA ) for the first- ever National Achievers Congress
I know you will wear her the delight in my lord of her ”	Thousands of US warplanes , ships and missiles contain fake electronic components from China , leaving them open ( cont )
Who on a ” ’ s her ”	Watch IvankaTrump's Ready-To-Wear Fashion Show at LordandTaylor featuring TrumpModels and MissUSA . . . . .
In the time to her again at her ' em .	Good news--RickSantorum did the right thing . I congratulate him on running a very good race . Now it's onto BarackObama -- go get him Mitt !
Who did her that was a time That ever have Love first love her sleep .	He BarackObama wants 23 years of MittRomney's tax returns Let's see BHO's school ( cont )
The morning ’ s a man ’ s morning ’ s the morning ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the morning ’ s ’ s of his time ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s day tomorrow	He newtgingrich is sounding more and more like a real team player . . . he is a really good guy !
True , all the night shall we do believe I do believe me .	Now they say obese women may cause Autism in children- nonsense , they use any excuse . The FDA should immediately ( cont )
The time of my love ’ s a man , Who ’ s the man ’ s part of the time , and be a chain for her that have a bed , Who ’ s bed , Who ’ s bed , Who ’ s bed ,	Thomas Kinkade died . I happen to love the beauty of his paintings . He took a lot of heat from art critics who ( cont )
Who will be a bed , I know ’ t .	I will miss Mike Wallace . He did a major interview with me for 60 Minutes and it was totally fair and balanced . ( cont )
Why , we are gone .	Vanity Fair Magazine , which used to be one of my favorites , is failing badly . Newsstand sales are plummeting--- ( cont )
The time will be the people ’ s great hope this great hope of ’ s great them .	#CelebrityApprentice contestant LouFerrigno stopped by to visit today-
But the most like the streets , And show the night !	Congrats to bubbawatson on winning the Masters . He did it without heavy reliance on coaches and the other hanger-ons - he just played golf .
I will be on the people ’ ll be a great hope of it .	I made my decision to allow Jenna Talackova to participate in Miss Universe Canada two days before Gloria Allred ( cont )
.	Vote for Mar-a-Lago-
.	#MidasTouch is divided into five sections . The second is the index finger which represents Focus-
.	MittRomney has created more jobs in the private sector than BarackObama has as President . MittRomney's record ( cont )
.	$6 gas is coming sooner than later . America must become energy independent with our own resources and fast . Also , ( cont )
At the one of her ”	""The best thing you can do is deal from strength , and leverage is the biggest strength you have . Leverage is ( cont )
.	THe WH should not have hosted the Muslim Brotherhood . BarackObama's friends are enemies of the US and Israel . The Islamist winter is here .
Why , a good that thou art a sister in my last .	It's BarackObama--who wants to raise all our taxes--who applauds China for cutting their taxes ! ( cont )
The news of his news , which I hear , which is a money .	His BarackObama's budget: interest payments to China will exceed US defense spending by 2019 BarackObama's America !
Who is gone of her ”	""The five fingers represent the five key factors every entrepreneur dreaming of success must master . "" ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” Who and her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Looked at plans for Trump Doral Country Club today . It will be amazing ! Glad to be in Miami .
Will be on a bed at her .	Proud to see my friend Governor Chris Christie standing up for Israel on his visit . Standing tall !
Will be on a bed at her .	Arrived in Palm Beach , drove by a gas staion , $4 . 50 a gallon . Result of failed BarackObama leadership .
Who was not not but a great men ’ s great a great fellow .	""The Midas Touch hand is the ideal metaphor to represent the attributes critical to entrepreneurial success . "" ( cont )
.	The #CelebrityApprentice Sunday night on NBC at 9 PM . Another exciting episode is ready to go .
I will be a bed at her	Don't miss me on foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM
But my lord , the was of her was a ” in her ” and she was in all .	My book with theRealKiyosaki , Midas Touch is divided into five sections . The first is the thumb-
I think the day should take the day of the day .	While BarackObama criticizes the GOP budget , his own party graded him with an ""F"" by voting down his budget in the House 414-0 .
We will will go to her men and her again , and better than ever , ere ever be better than thou art thou art a more than a bed , and her men to her men ’ s men .	Oprah will end up doing just fine with her network--she knows how to win . Oprah
I will be the upon the matter at the matter at the matter will be at the matter , I will be the matter for the matter at the matter at the matter for the matter tonight	He RickSantorum is now losing in the latest ppppolls to MittRomney in Pennsylvania Rick is wasting everyone's time .
What ’ s there to my friends in the world ’ s world .	""Here's the deal: when your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	""Here's the solution on China: get tough . Slap a 25 percent tax on China's products if they don't set a real ( cont )
.	This is a great time for RickSantorum to bow out with dignity .
I am , I am a time to Cassio .	My gretawire interview discussing BarackObama's USC comments , insurance premiums , SarahPalinUSA on the ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s that ’ s without ’ t .	My IngrahamAngle interview discussing healthcare monopolies , MittRomney , oil prices and AnnRomney's birthday
Call you her love you her ”	Mar-a-Lago , my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built , has been nominated as one of ( cont )
Call her her again !	Why gas prices will rise , Miss Canada/Miss Universe , and #CelebApprentice in today's #trumpvlog . . .
For it , a man , that ’ s the late !	I'll be speaking on Thursday , April 12 , at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	BarackObama doesn't believe in the Supreme Court or its power--I thought he was a constitutional lawyer . Why ( cont )
I will be tonight tonight at her ”	Remember what I said about BarackObama attacking Iran before the election--I hope the Iranians are not so ( cont )
I have a know that a very great fear and a very great .	RickSantorum has a limited window to exit the race and to keep both his integrity and reputation . . . the time to ( cont )
I thank you .	He BarackObama made a deal with Saudi Arabia to pump the hell out of oil until after the election . Watch what ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	My twitter account is now reaching more people than the New York Times--not bad . And we're only going to get better !
I had a great time at a great time I had a great great great great time I had a great great great time at a great time had a great him at a great time of her	#CelebApprentice contestants DeeSnider and DebbieGibson joined me for interviews today-
I ’ ll be a one of her than a thank you for the matter !	""China is our enemy . It's time we start acting like it and if we do our job correctly , China will gain a whole ( cont )
.	""Money was never a big motivation for me , except as a way to keep score . The real excitement is playing the game . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
.	Another solar company BarackObama funded with our money has filed for bankruptcy One ( cont )
.	He BarackObama said it would be 'unprecedented' if the USC rules that ObamaCare is unconstitutional . It was ( cont )
.	Real estate is always a great asset to own but especially now . Try to take advantage if you can and buy ( cont )
.	He BarackObama should not be trying to intimidate the USC justices on ObamaCare . He is worried because SG ( cont )
.	""Life is very fragile and success doesn't change that . If anything , success makes it more fragile . Anything can ( cont )
Is the “ “ “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s doubt it !	My #TrumpTuesday SquawkCNBC interview discussing golf , VP choices , the real estate market & healthcare reform
A ’ s a a little for a man ’ s a thing hath been a thing ’ s part of a more a thing for a thing for a thing a thing a	""When people treat me badly or unfairly or try to take advantage of me , my general attitude , all my life , has ( cont )
What that is strange a thing is our country 's country !	“Tomorrow hopes we have learned something from yesterday . ” - John Wayne
To this day your answer to this day of this day .	Chinese demand is raising the price of oil to$123/Barrel We need to use our own energy resources .
What ’ s a great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men ’ s great men are a great men ’ s great men !	""The BarackObama administration is far more enthusiastic about boosting food-stamp enrollment than about preventing fraud . "" #TimeToGetTough
Call you her again , her again , I ’ s again .	What will be RickSantorum's excuse tomorrow after MittRomney wins Wisconsin and Maryland ? Time for Rick to face reality and drop out .
Will be on a one .	The US should not give a penny of foreign aid to Egypt if the Muslim Brotherhood takes over the country . We ( cont )
I thank you and him that ’ s great him , had a great great great today .	America's competitors love BarackObama . MedvedevRussiaE says BarackObama has been ""the best 3 years"" for Russia
A great night in a great men !	I'll be on foxandfriends on Monday at 7:30 AM .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode
Upon my way to be her that .	Some exciting news--the newest acquisition of Trump Golf--Trump National Golf Club , Charlotte NC , formerly The ( cont )
This is the first time in my life , I have the day to the time .	He BarackObama wants record high gas prices--drilling permits on federal land are declining under his regime
In the hour of the hours of her ” ’ s bed	ObamaCare is a disaster . Despite the mandate there will still be 27M uninsured and premiums will rise at FASTER rate
The quarrel of my place in the things else .	White House Press Sec . had a hard time explaining why BarackObama supported tax breaks for oil companies in ( cont )
I thank you .	I'll be speaking at the first-ever National Achievers Congress at the San Jose Convention Center ( San Jose , CA ) ( cont )
Call her her “ Call her her again .	tomkatz sternshow Thanks Tom .
Why , great her ” “ Who ’ s great her ”	Waste ! With a $16T debt and $1T budget deficit , BarackObama is sending $770M overseas ""to fight global warming""
Will be bad of bad again a man ’ s left a man and the fellow !	MittRomney studying ways to increase pressure on China over their currency manipulation and unfair subsidy practices
Will be tonight by the people ’ s people .	It was great seeing MissUniverse and MissTeenUSA yesterday-
The little of her that little in a little while .	""A smart negotiator would use the leverage of our dollars , our laws , and our armed forces to get a better deal ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	""The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	""I like thinking big . I always have . To me it's very simple: if you're going to be thinking anyway , you might as ( cont )
The time was so much so much .	Don't forget the three hour episode of Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night 8pm-11pm on NBC . You're in for a ( cont )
Who ’ the her ”	A study says Autism is out of control--a 78% increase in 10 years . Stop giving monstrous combined vaccinations ( cont )
A great honor that knows that doth move .	GeorgeZimmerman doesn't look injured to me . Even if he's in a fight , does he have to use a gun--and why shoot ( cont )
Why !	Photo of Gretawire and me from yesterday's interview . . .
The last and the last night Will bring us again !	Bad news for BarackObama . gallupnews reports that the economy ( 71% ) and gas prices ( 65% ) are Americans' top ( cont )
Call in her men ?	VP Biden is delusional . He is criticizing MittRomney on jobs . BarackObama's economic record is an abject failure .
For Mark , I will be joy .	The Fed must be reined in . In 2011 , the Fed bought 61% percent of US debt--even more than 2008 . Unsustainable !
Who never but one ’ s never never one ’ s man ’ s one ’ s one ’ s one of her never one ’ s one of her never one ’ s one ’ s one ’ s one ’ s one ’ s bed	In 2008 BarackObama warned that ""electricity rates will necessarily skyrocket"" during his term . Mission Accomplished !
O a delight in her men ’ s bed , Which will we will have a other men ’ s bed , and her men ’ s bed , Who ’ s bed of her men ’ s bed .	marcorubio's endorsement of MittRomney shows that the GOP is coalescing to defeat BarackObama .
I am in a great time in his great people ’ s a great people .	He BarackObama received an early endorsement from the Soviet newspaper Pravda over MittRomney ( cont )
I know the truth of her son of his son , but the son , and the very well .	""Liberals can hardly belileve it--they can't understand how health care costs could have risen so much when ( cont )
Who ’ s a one of her ” The York ’ s ’ s the York ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The House Republicans and Democrats are finally unanimous ! Yesterday they voted down BarackObama's $3 . 6T budget ( cont )
Will be on a bed .	""Fans like winners . They come to watch stars--great exciting players who do great , exciting things . "" #TheArtofTheDeal
What ’ s believe that thou hast thou to be a man ’ s man in the matter to be a thing in her men have a bed but be a work in her	My gretawire interview where I discuss the #ObamaCare USC argument , gas prices & IvankaTrump's new clothing line
Call it away the more ’ s the will be the will be of her .	""To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system . Almost every ( cont )
Call it her men ’ s great work again .	""What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and aleady it's doing tremendous damage . "" ( cont )
Call her her her that loved .	I wonder if BarackObama has promised Iran and China that he can be more flexible after his last election ?
Who ’ s a ”	The Afghan Security Forces who we are training have killed 52 USA soldiers Time to get out of there !
Why with a foul hour before the great write of great them !	I will be on Greta gretawire tonight at 10 PM on Fox News .
The Show be her will be more than the wonder .	RickSantorum is desperate . He is now saying that he wants to be MittRomney's VP . ( cont )
The delight in her men ’ s her in the other French ' s part at the other of her .	When BarackObama is not vacationing , he is hosting his top donors in the White House Always having a good time !
.	Welcome to the 'Islamist Winter' - the Muslim Brotherhood is now taking over the Egyptian military and possibly ( cont )
Upon a bed at her ”	Global warming has been proven to be a canard repeatedly over and over again . The left needs a dose of reality .
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ”	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing interest rates , the deficit , RepPaulRyan's timing , TimTebow and the Doral
Well did it a new “ Who came in her chamber .	Alex Rodriguez should substantially reduce his salary from the Yankees in that he misrepresented his use of ( cont )
I will be on the Show Shall be tonight with her tonight .	Behind the scenes photo of Gretawire and I filming an interview- Watch tonight at 10PM ET on FoxNews .
The great that make the great safety and therefore , I have seen him .	I'll be interviewed by Greta Van Susteren Gretawire tonight at 10 pm ET on Fox .
The one of the matter !	Let's not get too excited about Monday's USA Supreme Court oral argument on #ObamaCare before the decision . No ( cont )
Who be on the people ’ s her ” at the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter on the people ’ s ”	jayleno - my description of MittRomney - ""Future President"" or ""POTUS 45"" or ""BarackObama's Worst Nightmare""
I will be come at the people live at the watch the watch of the watch the watch of the people live at the time ’ s bed of her	""America's relationship with China is at a crossroads . We only have a short window of time to make the tough ( cont )
A letter to her that her bed	""Sadly , when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs , Obama has been a total disaster . And ( cont )
What ’ s the will should be the matter !	Not his 'per se' ? A Friday document dump shows BarackObama all-hands-on-deck as Solyndra collapsed BarackObama lies .
Who ’ s a hour with her ’ s ’ s the hour with her hour and the hour of the hour with her hour with her hour with her ’ s a hour with her ’ s bed and her bed and the hour with her	Mar-a-Lago , my club in Palm Beach and one of the greatest mansions ever built , has been nominated as one of ( cont )
Will be on a bed tonight ’ s bed at th ' winds !	ObamaCare is clearly unconstitutional . Hopefully the USC rules correctly but in the end repealing ObamaCare requires a political solution .
Give me a money ?	Whether RepPaulRyan's plan is sound fiscal policy is not the relevant issue , the issue is strategic timing . Why release it now ?
Why , I ’ st thou from my words , I thank you .	When confronted , RickSantorum can't defend his ridiculous attacks on MittRomney
Who ’ s a	He BarackObama is caught on tape making election promises to MedvedevRussiaE on missile defense and national security
Who , her men ’ s a good Never that ’ s man ’ s good Never !	My foxandfriends interview discussing the nyjets acquisition of TimTebow and the timing of RepPaulRyan's plan
The letter of her letter is the hours of the strumpet ’ s one of the matter .	Trump Tuesday: I'll be on SquawkCNBC tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM . Be sure to tune in .
What voice ’ s a more ’ s of a voice ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” for a more of a ”	""If we reelect BarackObama , the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look like the America we were ( cont )
You are not our hope , and let ’ s have made it .	""With China beating us like a punching bag daily , OPEC vacuuming our wallets clean , and jobs nowhere in sight , ( cont )
What ’ s the soldier ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ?	If you are a young entrepreneur just entering the business world , I highly recommend that you read ""The Art of ( cont )
Why , her ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	He BarackObama is incapable of admitting that he is a complete and utter failure . He is 100% responsible for Solyndra .
So good you , you have a thank you .	RickSantorum is desperate . Now he is saying that he would prefer BarackObama over MittRomney . ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ” In her ”	BarackObama keeps taking credit for an increase in oil production . Of course his policies have nothing to do ( cont )
Will be on a man in her ” A moon !	The Chinese want to steal our jobs and technology--that includes so called green energy which they make but ( cont )
Who left our work in her ” and her ’ s never ’ s ’ s ’ s left our work in the our men ’ s never of her ”	I'll be on Foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM .
The more ’ s a ”	Don't forget to watch Celebrity Apprentice this Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC . You're in for a great show .
Faith , sir , yet a great friend , and my friend ’ s a poor friend and ’ s friend and be a great friend of a great friend of a great friend , and yet ’ s great friend .	I am following the Trayvon Martin case carefully . It's a terrible situation that should never have happened . ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Congratulations to Woody Johnson and nyjets on acquiring TimTebow . TimTebow is not only a winner but a leader . ( cont )
Who ’ s a one that have seen that ’ s a ” And with her ’ s one of her ”	Happy Birthday to my legendary friend Aretha Franklin .
A strange !	""We have to get tough on China . For every one American child there are four Chinese . China is out to steal our ( cont )
Will be the morning that ’ s three hours of the morning .	""The blatant waste of taxpayers' dollars doesn't bother Obama , because it's all part of his broader nanny-state ( cont )
Come , a ”	The Saudis are taking credit for a meager 2% drop on crude They always play this game ( cont )
In the matter more than the watch of her men ’ s work .	Strange--why didn't BarackObama hold any special event to celebrate the 2 year anniversary of ObamaCare ?
Call the men ’ ll be the people ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s peace !	He RickSantorum has as much chance of being the GOP nominee as Rosie does of ever having a successful ( cont )
No more or more ?	He MittRomney had another impressive win last night in Illinois . His delegate lead is insurmountable . It is ( cont )
What ’ s a ho today !	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing the GOP primary , gas prices , the Doral purchase and my outlook on the economy .
Look , I told you , so told you , I told you , I ’ ll told you , I ’ ll told you , I told you , you , you , I told so much told you so .	They should seriously look into the moron George Zimmerman who shot and killed the 17 year old kid , Trayvon ( cont )
This is no more of her that say .	Ron DeSantis , Iraq vet , Navy hero , bronze star , Yale , Harvard Law , running for Congress in Fla . Very impressive .
The more ’ s money in the day .	Played the Trump International Golf Club in Palm Beach last weekend . One of the best golf courses in the country . Perfect weather .
Who ’ s a “ Who is ’ s her ” for her ”	He RickSantorum wants to decide what books people can read , what movies they can see . #freespeech It doesn't work that way !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” — Who ’ s her ’ s her ?	Trump Tuesday on SquawkCNBC , 7:30 AM , is getting very good ratings as is Foxandfriends on Mondays , 7:30 AM .
Who ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	MittRomney should consider Gov McDonnell of VA , Gov Christie of NJ and Senator Rubio of FL for VP . Really good men doing a really good job .
Why , that ’ s lost his three of his head !	Just bought Doral Hotel & , Country Club in Miami--within two years it will be the best resort in the country .
I for a Cassio .	I am deeply disturbed by what I have read in the case of TrayvonMartin . I support a full investigation and justice .
Will be a one of her tonight .	I am so glad Rosie got fired by Oprah . Rosie is a bully and it's always nice to see bullies go down !
What that have been no more than the man ’ s man ' em to have no more to the matter , and the better to the man .	Congratulations to BarackObama for being reckless . In his first 38 months in office the debt has grown at a rate that is unthinkable .
Shall the speech of her say ’ s a speech of her ' s man in the speech of her ”	Why does BarackObama always have to rely on teleprompters ?
Who is the is now in the moon hath ’ s great work in the moon of the world ’ s of the world ’ s of a man ’ s one of her be of her ' s praise her be in his work in his side	America is mired in the longest job recession since the Great Depression . MittRomney can get us out of it . ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My foxandfriends interview where I discuss Rosie being canceled yet again and how she just can't make it on TV
Great the office of her men ’ s death , Make us all the way of the fashion , Make more he more tonight .	My Gretawire interview where I discuss why BarackObama is an economic ignoramus and how OPEC is inflating gas prices .
Who ’ s a ” for the people ’ s ’ s the matter for the matter of the matter for the people ’ s bed of her ”	Give great credit to GeorgeClooney for exposing the atrocities taking place in Sudan .
But come to the matter for the matter ’ s chamber , come to the matter and come to the matter for the matter and the matter and her	Rosie O'Donnell has failed again . Her ratings were abysmal and Oprah cancelled her on Friday night . When will ( cont )
Will be a man that ’ s a talk of a talk .	Be sure to download my new The Celebrity Apprentice app to begin interacting with this Sunday's episode
.	#CelebApprentice fans watch today's #trumpvlog to find out about our new App
The most most very much of this gods , And see yourself !	We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria , and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq . Dumb leaders .
.	""We don't always think of our presidents as jobs and business negotiators , but they are . Presidents are our ( cont )
.	""If we keep on this path , if we reelect BarackObama , the America we leave our kids and grandkids won't look ( cont )
I thank you the Christian ’ s a Christian ’ s man ’ s the Christian ’ s the Christian ’ s the Christian ’ s a Christian have a Christian her	Afghani soldiers--those on our side--killed 7 Marines last month . They don't want us , what ( cont )
I am a time I am to the Once more Great more ' tis , Make more .	BarackObama has wasted billions of our tax dollars on speculative green projects like Solyndra . He is an economic ignoramus .
True , good .	Rising gas prices are causing a steep rise in consumer prices and will slow any future economic growth . It is a tax on all Americans .
Thanks .	I'll be on foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM . Be sure to tune in .
A good ?	Barack Obama is hard at work today on his highest priority--his reelection . BarackObama has 5 fundraisers in 2 cities .
Who ’ s a one of her people ’ s people ’ s the two come !	My FoxNews interview with TeamCavuto where I explain that we need to start using our own domestic energy resources .
The more ’ s a ” From her men ’ s times the matter of her ’ s ’ s the matter of her ” From the men of her ”	RickSantorum is clearly not a team player . If he was , knowing that he has a zero chance of winning the ( cont )
What ’ s a man that I thank you and thank you .	Be sure to watch #CelebApprentice on Sunday night at 9 pm on NBC . Another great episode !
The time of her lord , the town , I hope in the long .	Once again , RickSantorum proves he can't run a professional campaign . He is ineligible in large section of ( cont )
Who is she come back again again to the people ’ s bed like a thing ’ s bed , and the matter come again again to the bed again again again again again again again again	He BarackObama invited his top campaign bundlers and donors to the British State Dinner So corrupt !
I thank you .	Last week was a first in #CelebApprentice when I fired 2 celebrities at once . Wish I could FIRE RickSantorum ! ( cont )
A lord , come with a lord , but a lord , Even so like a man ’ s part with a again with a again with a again with him .	I'm not a hunter and don't approve of killing animals . I strongly disagree with my sons who are hunters , but ( cont )
What be done !	""The illegal immigrant crime problem is far more serious and threatening than most people understand . Along our ( cont )
What ’ s a doubt but this form of his form , ay ’ s ’ s ’ s but the sun can be so can be so can be the form of his form of this .	""When your secretary of defense tells you that your proposed cuts will erode America's military capability , you ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	TPLRRT1 Thanks Thomas !
What more than the more than , and ’ s from her , Be bold of her .	The BarackObama administration now claims to have done ""everything"" to reduce gas prices What about Keystone ?
Great !	SHOCK ! ObamaCare will cost double what BarackObama promised -- over $1 . 76 -- and result ( cont )
We will will be a common time in the people , But the matter is but the place is gone .	I commend DrZuhdiJasser for defending the NYPD and Commissioner Kelly . The NYPD has done outstanding work in defending NYC from attacks .
The will lay their tomorrow , will be a day and day !	NicolletteSheridan lost a big motion yesterday--she is entitled to nothing . The show made her--she should have been happy .
The the her that with her ” and her name , and her name .	The 2012 budget deficit is already $93 billion larger than earlier estimates BarackObama ( cont )
O a one of her , that could be a little in a little .	MittRomney did well last night . He won 2/4 contests and earned the most delegates . MittRomney will be the nominee .
Upon the great be of her honor !	""Yes , the BP oil spill was bad , but it was no reason to put tighter clamps on domestic drilling . That showed no ( cont )
I thank you , ’ s the more ' th ' times more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll be more !	""In terms of energy , we need to be exploring and developing numerous approaches . . . and I also include in that ( cont )
A great Cassio !	The day after BarackObama blocks a Texas voter photo ID law , JamesOkeefeIII exposes more dead people getting ballots
But , ’ s a work of men ’ s great men had a great great together .	My CENTURY21 Super Bowl commercial which aired during the third quarter .
Will be in her men and her ” at her ” at the matter .	MittRomney has won the most delegates , received the most votes and won the most states . The primary is over . Time to defeat BarackObama .
.	BarackObama doesn't have an answer for how much Americans should pay for gas He wants $6/gallon gas !
Who ’ s a one that ’ s that ’ s a ”	#trumpvlog My thoughts on Afghanistan , RickSantorum , and why I fired two people on this week's #CelebApprentice . . .
.	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing today's primary contests , MittRomney's lead and my stock picks
It is , and is so !	My gretawire interview from last Friday discussing the unemployment numbers , gas prices and acquiring the Doral
Hark to the way again to her again .	Trump International Hotel & , Tower New York---winner of the Forbes Five-Star Hotel Award in 2009 through 2012 .
Why doth be gone , as a head ?	NYC's top cop acted wisely and legally to monitor activities of some in the Muslim community . Vigilance keeps us ( cont )
The men have been been “ Who comes well ; and bad ’ s bad and foul and she is .	He RickSantorum should get out of the race so Republicans can focus on BarackObama .
The morning ’ s a morning ’ s bed !	Cadillac Championship at Doral a great success--I just bought Doral--it will be amazing . Cadillac a great American car .
But , sir , that ’ s leave , and now they are come !	His BarackObama's specialties ? Vacations and campaigning . Jobs not so much !
Not to my lord , Not a man under my lord , Not he under my part of my part of my lord , Not a great him to a man ’ s a	Would anyone in the music industry treat a Democrat like this ? RealMeatLoaf is being punished for his political views
The more in the business of her .	Doral Tournament was great--best 18th hole in golf and a wonderful winner in JustinRose
Who ’ s a ”	Afghanistan is a total disaster . We don't know what we are doing . They are , in addition to everything else , robbing us blind .
.	China talks about the so-called ""carbon footprint"" and then , behind our leaders backs , they laugh . They could ( cont )
Call it .	The US is stupidly closing all of its coal fired plants while at the same time we're selling our coal to ( cont )
A man was a man to a woman ’ s wife .	Maniac Sergeant who went on a killing spree in Afghanistan must be punished , big time , and quickly .
No more ’ s more ’ s more !	Pathetic: BarackObama did not want to veto Keystone himself--so he lobbied the Democrats in the Senate to defeat it .
I will be a more than the Show of her .	Seems to be the next election must be about jobs and gas prices--not birth control .
In a very merry , my wife , my wife .	When I was 18 , people called me Donald Trump . When he was 18 , BarackObama was Barry Soweto . Weird .
The more ’ s a work of men .	Personally , I'm glad the NYPD is monitoring the actions of certain extremists . New York's finest ! I support them .
What ’ s a ”	The Celebrity Apprentice , Sunday night at 9 PM on NBC . Another great episode !
.	I'll be on foxandfriends Monday at 7:30 AM , don't miss it .
Who ’ s a one of her think ’ s her ' business of her business ’ s business of her ”	Coincidence ? More than half of BarackObama's 47 biggest fundraisers have been given administration jobs .
What ’ s her , Who ’ s a people like a madman ’ s people make a madman ’ s work , ”	The only candidate who can get 1145 delegates is MittRomney . The primary is over .
Call her her again for my voice ’ s voice !	BarackObama set a record deficit last February - $229 billion while borrowing 42 cents of every dollar it spent . BarackObama is reckless .
Who could be done a man ’ s better a better have done a better man ’ s great her have done a man done .	The BarackObama recovery - US unemployment is 9 . 1% , US underemployment is 19 . 1% Businesses won't hire under Obama .
Who ’ s a her ” a bed ’ s ”	My interview with IngrahamAngle discussing MittRomney's Super Tuesday and why BarackObama must be defeated .
The more ’ s a one of her ' th ' such a woman ’ s such a woman ’ s her	Excited by my acquisition of Doral Hotel & Country Club in Miami--already world class , but will soon be The Best .
The more the more , her men ’ s a matter .	Ray Kelly is the best Police Commissioner in NYC history . Keeping NYC safe thru vigilance . RayKelly
Why , that is a soldier .	""Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take ( cont )
Yet more this a man ’ s a more of a man ’ s part of this more but this more than a man ’ s a more of a more a one of a thing a man ’ s one of a man ’ s	""That's what I find so morally offensive about welfare dependency: it robs people of the chance to improve . Work ( cont )
Why !	""America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our ( cont )
I thank you a great a great honor !	He is a professional and true gentleman: GeorgeTakei is one of my favorite contestants from #CelebApprentice .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Gas is $6 already in California . Don' worry - BarackObama's Algae energy policy is going to pay major ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s crown in the general ?	He BarackObama will lose a delegate in Oklahoma--he only got 57% of the vote in the Democrat primary
The old is with every old of his sister ’ s chamber .	He BarackObama claims he does not want higher gas prices . That's not what he said in 2008:
Ay , they will be lost her .	As an ""honorary Buckeye"" I want to thank the OH GOP primary voters for putting MittRomney over the top . It was a crucial win .
Why !	MichaelCoffey1 I hope so !
Who ’ s her that that that have her ”	My interview with Jay_Severin on behalf of MittRomney discussing why the GOP must nominate MittRomney
If the next is the next of our next .	My interview on ASavageNation discussing why MittRomney will defeat BarackObama with a strong campaign .
I thank you .	Happy and proud to help MittRomney win Ohio with robo-calls in pivotal Cuyahoga County
Call the great the great soldier again .	""The military threat from China is gigantic--and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies ( cont )
Thanks .	""While China screws us with every turn of its currency , is the biggest commercial espionage threat we face , ( cont )
.	Someone should ask BarackObama in today's press conference how he accumulated more debt in 3 years than the first 42 presidents combined .
Who ’ the men ’ s her ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter , ’ s ’ s the more ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s her ”	He BarackObama promised to close Gitmo in his first year . It is still open 3 years later and about to get a ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ her ”	Strong leader: IsraeliPM Netanyahu explained at AIPAC the threat Israel faces from Iran's nuclear drive . He is ( cont )
Call it her friend .	He BarackObama is using the IRS to sabotage the Tea Party What about the Occupy Wall Street groups ?
I will be on the people tonight at her ” and her ” and her ’ s her .	China is raising its defense budget by 11% BarackObama wants to cut ours by over $1Trillion . Wrong policy .
The time to her voice , shall be more voice , for the time ’ s time for the time to her voice of her .	Today will be a Super Tuesday for MittRomney -- he will win over 220 delegates from states across every region . He will be the nominee .
I thank you !	With respect to Iran , we have all the cards--they are scared stiff ! I can't believe we aren't able to negotiate ( cont )
The mother ’ s mother of a good fortune ’ s ”	My SquawkCNBC interview discussing why MittRomney is a great nominee , gas prices and why George Will is a loser .
Will be a matter on a bed .	""Americans understand that the US has a spending problem , not a revenue problem . "" #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	A MUST READ ! AndrewBreitbart's last article--The Vetting , Part I: BarackObama's Love Song to Alinsky
I thank you for your lord , you have much of the matter .	I fully support the NYPD , MayorBloomberg and CommissionerKelly . They should all be honored for protecting us since 9/11---not demonized .
My question her that the other question of the other question ’ s one of the other question ’ s one of the other of her that the other question of her ”	Once again , BarackObama's speech at AIPAC yesterday proved that he is more concerned about containing Israel ( cont )
The men together of her ” The one of the call of the ” ’ s ’ s ’ s his men ’ s his work of her ” The work of her ”	Shock ! Obamacare's high risk pool spending DOUBLED government estimates BarackObama is bankrupting this country !
The more be the first of that I ’ s voice .	Dopey GeorgeWill , the most overrated political pundit in the business , continues to downgrade the Republican ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""If history teaches us anything , it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national ( cont )
Who will be every state , in the state of his state .	""The Chinese laugh at how weak and pathetic our government is in combating intellectual property theft . "" ( cont )
Call her her bed !	The real unemployment rate according to the CBO is 15% BarackObama's economic recovery is all ""Hope""
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	He made a great contribution to the press--AndrewBreitbart will be missed .
Who ’ s a ”	BarackObama claims that his Koran apology ""calmed things down"" US troops were killed by ( cont )
Call it forth to the forth of her !	MittRomney is right--the Chinese have 'walked all over' BarackObama MittRomney will rein in the Chinese .
Who ’ s a ” a bed of her !	""Imagine how much stronger economic shape we would be in if we made the Iraqi government agree to a cost-sharing ( cont )
I will be the morning ’ ll be at the morning .	""Imagine how much money the average American would save if we busted the OPEC cartel . "" ( cont )
The matter will be done , the things will be done , the matter for the matter will be done .	BarackObama should stop pressuring Israel against attacking Iran and worry how he will stop the Iranian nuclear drive . BarackObama
Let my her be with her today at her ”	China is getting minerals from Afghanistan We are getting our troops killed by the Afghani govt't . Time to get out .
If you think you can do a thing or a thing you do think , and the thing , you are a thing , and think you may be a thing as a thing , and think of her thing , you .	Gas prices are up 30 cents this month , rising 21 days in a row Don't worry - BarackObama has a solution--ALGAE !
Why , some new in some new greater .	After Super Tuesday , every GOP candidate should take a long hard look at their prospects and drop out if they can't get the nomination .
I thank you for your service !	I loved being a surrogate on behalf of MittRomney . I am glad I was able to help him win .
I thank you .	Ann Romney is a fantastic lady . She was great in thanking people last night !
Who we ’ s love her ”	""American corporations and entrepreneurs are masters of technological and business innovation , but the Chinese ( cont )
The love I love you that ’ s love ’ s her .	""BarackObama seems to have no regard for how China is conducting massive industrial espionage against the ( cont )
Who ’ s but a ” Who in her ”	Iggy_Rodriguez Great--and great city !
Who in a “ Who ’ s one that ’ s man in the matter for the matter ?	BarackObama's Energy Sec . called for $7-$9 gas in January . Wish granted . BarackObama owns the gas prices .
I thank you .	ObamaCare gives free insurance to illegal immigrants . Yet BarackObama is cutting our troops healthcare . ( cont )
Will make a more than the matter !	He was quick to issue an apology on behalf of America to Karzai . Why won't he release the letter ? BarackObama
.	America will have record growth and prosperity during his adminstration: MittRomney's success in the private sector is a tremendous asset .
The first that duty is the people do not , run their lives .	#trumpvlog My thoughts on gasoline prices skyrocketing . . . . . .
I thank you !	The oil reserve is a strageic asset for a time of war and an embargo . BarackObama should open more land for drilling , not tap the reserve .
What ’ s a ” and her ’ tis a ” It ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” and be a ” and her ”	Mitt's got it right: RickSantorum's attacks on MittRomney's pro-growth tax cut proposal are foolish .
The men of her that hath the peace in the peace in her sister ’ s peace by the people ’ s peace by the people hath made of her men ’ s men ’ s peace of her men ’ s men ’ s bed	My SquawkCNBC interview from this morning discussing the price of oil , windfarms , Doral Hotel & Country Club and more . . .
We must keep our bed .	New York Times Apologizes to Donald TrumpA recent story in the New York Times incorrectly stated that Donald ( cont )
I thank you for your words .	""If Barack Obama is really concerned about carbon emissions and air pollution , then maybe he should have ( cont )
After all is done , and more , ’ s said .	""The fact is , you're not going to see real growth or create real jobs until we get these exorbitant energy costs ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” for the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The UK has run out of money and can't afford to borrow . Neither can we but that doesn't stop BarackObama .
.	It is time Republicans stop attacking each other and focus on BarackObama . America cannot survive a second term .
Will be tonight on the people ’ s talk of the talk of that .	It is time to get out of Afghanistan . We are building roads and schools for people that hate us . It is not in our national interests .
Call her her in the new soldier .	What America needs: MittRomney follows in steps of Kemp and Reagan with pro-growth tax cut .
The matter upon her tonight , and the Moor .	SachaBaronCohen is a moron who should have been pummeled by the weak and pathetic security person who stood ( cont )
Thanks , a	""For a country like China , being able to steal our military designs represents hundreds of billions in savings ( cont )
We must be a wall to be a maid .	""While BarackObama is obsessed with 'green collar jobs , ' blue collar workers aren't buying it . "" ( cont )
Thanks .	This is good news: MittRomney is now leading in Michigan by 6 points according to RasmussenPoll
Who ’ s a goodly times her ” Is ’ s a ”	Pastor #Nadarkhani must be released by Iran immediately . I applaud the WhiteHouse & StateDept for issuing ( cont )
I thank you , ’ s a soldier .	As gas prices keep rising , BarackObama won't approve Keystone . Instead he is pushing algae - yes , algae - as an ( cont )
I thank you , ’ s men will be ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more , ’ ll be a ”	In 2008 , BarackObama campaigned against $3 . 50 gas It is now $6 in Florida and on the rise . He is a disaster !
Why , a say ’ s ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My interview with Michael Patrick Shiels on WJIM in Lansing on behalf of MittRomney
Who ’ s a work of the great again .	My FoxNews interview with gretawire discussing the #CNNDebate and how to deal with Iran without using force
Who ’ s a one that ’ s bed !	I'm on foxandfriends every Monday morning at 7:30 . . .
What ’ s the men ’ s bed , ’ s the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter !	Take a tour of this amazing residence at Trump World Tower . . . . .
The world is not he is the world of the man of the man of the world ’ s man of the world ’ s of the world ’ s of his men of his men of his men of his men are not of him .	Clive Davis gave a great eulogy at my friend Whitney Houston's funeral--absolutely amazing !
Who ’ s a Who gave her men ’ s No more ’ s the the the world !	Debbie Wasserman Schultz is hard to watch or listen to--no wonder our country is going to hell !
Call you her .	""Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough . The next president must understand that America's ( cont )
Call her her love her never .	""We are the greatest country the world has ever known . I make no apologies for this country , my pride in it , or ( cont )
Call her her “ Call her her ”	""If China didn't play games with its currency and we played on a level economic playing field , we could easily ( cont )
What ’ s that I am but this speech !	HALF of Americans don't pay income tax despite crippling govt debt . . .
Who ’ s a ”	Irony ! BarackObama was in Florida yesterday fundraising . Gas also rose to $6/gallon for Florida drivers yesterday .
Who in the of her ” Who in her say ’ s one of her ' s one of her ”	MittRomney to RickSantorum in #CNNDebate: In 2008 You Called Me ""Really Conservative""
Why , you have my lord .	Iranian Pastor #Nadarkhani has just been sentenced to death by the Mullahs because he is a Christian ( cont )
Call her her “ Call her her ”	BarackObama is unveiling a tourism plan in Disney World on Thursday .
In the great speak with him , and our our end , We will make more he throw !	In last night's #CNNDebate MittRomney proved once again why he is the steady conservative who can restore America's future .
He ’ s his people .	My interview with Newsmax_Media where I explain that gas is headed to $5 , $6 and why RickSantorum can't win
Who ’ s people that would have a people to her ” to the people ’ s people that ’ s people ’ s people that ’ s people that ’ s people ’ s people ’ s people ’ s men that ’ s men of her	My robocall on behalf of MittRomney playing across the state of Michigan
Why , that stay me speak in a more , ’ s bed .	""America's relationship with China is at a crossroads . We only have a short window of time to make the tough ( cont )
Who in a bed , come to her ha ' s ”	""We need to bring manufacturing jobs back home where they belong . "" #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s the her ” ’ s a ”	Rev . Graham made a critical point . BarackObama has turned a blind eye to the Christians being persecuted in ( cont )
From the day and his heels today .	He may be the worst reporter in all of sports: RickReilly of ESPN . He gets away with murder and most people ( cont )
The will be gone to the the world ’ s of the matter ’ s of the matter can be the sun to be the sun to be the bed of her of her	Now BarackObama wants us to believe the Republicans cancelled Keystone and are responsible for $4 gas . He ( cont )
What ’ s a man is not that ’ s true , So will not so !	CelebApprentice is having wonderful ratings once again . IvankaTrump & DonaldJTrumpJr . I am very proud of this season .
I thank you .	JLin7 is a special player . He makes watching the Knicks fun . I think he can lead the Knicks far this season . JLin7
True !	As the BarackObama's took their 16th vacation this month , unemployment is back to 9% and underemployment at ( cont )
True , good .	The more I get to know MittRomney the more I like him . He has the judgment and private sector experience America needs in the White House .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My interview with PaulWTalk on wjrradio on behalf of MittRomney discussing why Michigan needs to go for Romney .
Be sure to a French ’ s the matter , ’ s the matter .	David Letterman's show has become so boring and mundane . Somehow , every time I look , I can't help thinking of ( cont )
From the day the day of the day .	""Right now we have a president and a Treasury secretary who shrug while China tears away hundreds of thousands ( cont )
The more ’ s the more ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	""Our President should stop trying to be an economist to the world and start fighting for our economy . Instead ( cont )
I love a great love , what great place , great such great people .	Iran's threats are no excuse for the 9 month high price of oil . OPEC is ripping us off while BarackObama watches .
Great ’ s men ’ s her crown ’ s the sun ’ s sun ’ s the sun ’ s crown of her men ’ s bed ” Who ’ s the sun ’ s bed	If the GOP will have any chance to beat BarackObama in November , the great people of Michigan need to support MittRomney's candidacy .
True .	As the nuclear crisis with Iran shows , America needs to import oil from a reliable region . Keystone XL Pipeline ( cont )
So , the prayers with all the man in this hour .	Michelle Obama's weekend ski trip toAspen makes it 16 times that Obamas have gone on vacation in 3 years . ( cont )
.	Foreigners slashed the purchase of US debt late last year--the first time in over 2years . We must control spending .
Great !	Mark my words , a gallon of gas will be $5 during the summer . OPEC is ripping us off . There's nobody in our ( cont )
Thanks .	Watch #CelebApprentice this Sunday at 9PM ESTon NBC--it has received many 4 star reviews .
True !	Admitted:BarackObama's Treasury Secretary admitted that their 2013 budget does nothing to address America's ( cont )
The doubt on a work of her ” .	Our ally Canada wants to send their oil down south to us . BarackObama is forcing Canada to send it west to China .
Give you a good man ’ s a thank you !	He MittRomney wrote a great piece on China JonHuntsman criticized him ( cont )
What ’ s a man !	My todayshow discussing the CelebApprentice discussing the cast
Call it not tell her of her ’ s of her Hath no of her of her eyes .	Don't forget ! Sunday night at 9 pm EST on nbc--Celebrity Apprentice is back ! Tune in for a great show . ApprenticeNBC
What a man , no man , no less .	""By raiding the defense budget to pay for his failed social programs , BarackObama continues to weaken our ( cont )
.	""I've got news for President BarackObama: America is not what's wrong with the world . I don't believe we need ( cont )
The more the men ’ s no longer .	""Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet . Every time it does , it slows growth and kills jobs . It's ( cont )
Will be a Cassio in her men ’ s see the thing he with me !	Weakness is very dangerous: BarackObama is going to unilaterally disarm our nuclear arsenal . America keeps the world safe !
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Bush was called ""unpatriotic"" by BarackObama in '07 for adding $4T to debt BarackObama increased it $6T in 3 years .
Why , that I say you , that love ’ s love ’ s love a man ’ s love a thing that I have a thing that that I have a say of her love a love ’ s love her	The Fed is considering issuing even more US bond debt into the market . Not good !
Great day today in his souls today .	Gallup poll proves that BarackObama's regulation and Obamacare are stopping small business owners from hiring SHOCK !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	Yesterday China VP Xi stressed ""the benefits of trade with China"" to Congress We need FAIR TRADE with China !
My lord to the foul of her men ’ s power that hath no power in the power hath no more than the power of her of her of her men ’ s lost his side hath the general hath lost that hath lost of men ’ s work hath	Old Post Office Building in DC will be a world-class Trump property . Honored to be doing this historic building--Washington will be proud .
Who followed her that I have been made the soldier ’ s soldier .	He MittRomney gets the China problem , why don't the others ?
The matter is gone at the crown at all the matter of the matter ’ s will be so much of her ”	Very successful fund raising for MittRomney yesterday . Good to see my friend Woody Johnson .
What ’ s the more ’ s a ” to the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter to the matter of her ”	MemoInc You have to find a business that you love . That's number one . Success requires passion . Then keep your focus and never give up .
Why , by her men ’ s her ’ s her have been more than the money hath been her money in her hours of her have been again , Who hath a ”	dansalbreiter Maybe they don't want to .
What ’ s the man is he should be said , and I love , and I love you said , and the love is the thing is the thing is the wife is he is the love and he is .	stecbeck Thanks , I'll keep at it .
Who ’ s a work of a ” not have a thing by the people have lost of her sister .	jtatsuno No , not trademarked .
Who is very sure that ’ s more sure of it is more but that ’ s man ’ s more sure that ’ s more but that ’ s one of a very sure of her ”	Pat Caddell on Neil Cavuto tonight: ""I've watched Donald Trump take on the issues of energy and he ties it to ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Canada's PM was in China last week brokering a deal to sell the oil BarackObama rejected in Keystone . Unbelievable !
Call you the peace , be , ’ s a praise !	Scenes from last night's episode of OCChoppers where DonaldJTrumpJr and I visit the OCC HQ
Why , the new men ’ s work of her ' s ’ s ’ s the matter .	Wrong Policy: BarackObama wants to cut defense spending by $487B while China is building their navy in the Pacific .
The more your but that would be but that can save the world , that would have a doubt but the world ’ s of the time of his person , that would have a thing that would have was but that would have was of his purpose that .	The recession was made worse by BarackObama . A $900Billion deficit is not getting better .
What ’ s the time ’ s great us again !	When the economy is bad , BarackObama wants to raise taxes . When the economy is good , BarackObama wants to raise taxes . Notice a trend ?
Call ’ s the more ’ s the matter ’ s the matter ’ s peace , and the matter ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work ,	Iran's attack on Israeli diplomats is an attack on the West
What , is the men !	joeyhatcher You'll have to watch to find out .
Call her her good .	So JLin7 had another game winning shot last night . Looks like the Knicks have not only found a new point guard ( cont )
Call it in the bed the bed !	RT: thedailybeast: Polling shows the AmericansElect movement could still nominate a viable independent with a chance of victory . . .
Who ’ s a ”	fox_trot_1 I was in my twenties .
And the one — ” a call him home on a work of her home .	kingdelrosario I like to invest in what I know , which tends to be real estate , but I keep an open mind .
Who ’ s the men ’ s her ” and call the ”	atlthrasher I don't think it has run its course . There are opportunities . Finding them and maximizing them are key components for success .
Look how the duke ’ s a cap of a money .	HangersMensLine My agenda is such that I can't meet with you , but it's always nice to be asked and I wish you the best .
Who ’ s my her ” to her ’ s ’ s a ” to be a ” to be a ” to her ”	The_Joey That could be a possibility but there are no plans at the moment . This season of Celebrity Apprentice is great--be sure to watch .
Will you make the best ’ s work of her best ’ s the best Will make the best Will make a better of her better of her men ’ s work the better ”	""The final part of restoring fiscal sanity to America is the most obvious , and that's to control Obama-style ( cont )
What ’ s a bed .	""China is our enemy . It's time we start acting like it . . . and if we do our job corectly , China will gain a whole ( cont )
Who ’ s her her her ”	""So , I speak badly of China , but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want ? They want Trump . "" ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	A clip from my interview with jimmyfallon discussing the cast of ApprenticeNBC Season 5
Who ’ s all the more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s never will do ’ s her ”	Flattering . Over 500 upset people called Mar-a-Lago disappointed I am not running for President--but Mitt Romney will do a great job .
My lord ’ s a bed I have ’ s bed to be a man ’ s bed	""America's primary goal with Iran must be to destroy its nuclear ambitions . Let me put this as plainly as I know ( cont )
A most piece of the hour of her yesterday , I have a very true yesterday .	""We need a dealmaker in the White House , who knows how to think innovatively and make smart ( cont )
The word is the same of her , and that ’ s years , and now , ” — ”	""We need a president who is smart and tough enough to recognize the national security threat China poses in the ( cont )
Who ’ s a ass there ’ s a ass ’ s a man ’ s old ?	In today's #trumpvlog I speak about the chopper recently made for me by occhoppers . . . . #CelebApprentice
Who ’ s a ”	jake_grimes Thanks .
Why , that the piece of her piece of the said I say that I ’ s a thing that I say the matter that I say of the thing that I say the piece of the thing that I ’ s piece of the piece of the thing .	BarackObama's budget funds the ""Arab Spring"" with $800B and the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt $1 . 3B in military aid . He loves radical Islam .
.	This is dangerous: BarackObama is seeking to shrink Israeli military funding but gives $1 . 3Billion to Muslim ( cont )
I will make this great for our great great him !	A gallon of gas is $3 . 523 today and has never before risen so high early in the year The BarackObama policy realized !
All he does go to speak of a talk , but that , but speak of this , but he is nothing of .	So wrong ! BarackObama is hosting China's VP Xi Jinping today at the Pentagon with a full honor ceremony with music and cannons . . .
The men of our country been like a third , and many years .	A day after BarackObama released a trillion dollar budget deficit , he is hosting China's future leader VP XiJinping . America's new reality .
What , not all our soldiers , our soldiers , our soldiers ' earth , or our soldiers , no more , and our soldiers , are all our soldiers , our soldiers ’ s soldiers , are our soldiers !	Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Emanuel Cleaver is right . BarackObama's budget is a ""nervous breakdown on paper . ""
The matter of a one ’ s one ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter	A day after Greece burned BarackObama released a $3 . 8 Trillion budget for 2013 with a $900 Billion deficit . He will turn America into Greece
The time of her part of her be a good part , So good you !	Watch Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on NBC at 12:35 EST tonight---I'll be bringing a couple of surprises with me .
What ’ s the the matter is 's time .	""We need a tax system that is fair and smart--one that encourages growth , savings and investment . It's time to ( cont )
Who hath all my peace !	""Look , when it comes to China , America better stop messing around . China sees us as a naive , gullible , foolish ( cont )
Call the her bed again !	""It's a plain fact: free trade requires having fair rules that apply to everyone . "" ( cont )
The men if you be her that win ’ s horse .	Honored to have passed 1 million twitter followers . We are making America #1 again . #TimeToGetTough
What ’ s the next !	This has to stop ! BarackObama loves accruing American debt--he missed his budget deficit goal by over $500 billion .
.	My foxandfriends interview discussing my friend Whitney Houston , SarahPalinUSA's CPAC speech , the economy and primary
What ’ s a man ’ s bed of her ' ll be a ” to ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to a ” to her	Whitney Houston was a great friend and an amazing talent . We will all miss her and send our prayers to her family .
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	This week we saw what Obama Care actually does when implemented . It is a losing issue for BarackObama and must be repealed .
Why , by her ”	BarackObama’s class warfare rhetoric is taking a backseat for the DNC convention . He is charging $1 Million for a single suite .
We will no longer be thought .	The $25 Billion settlement with the banks on mortgages will slow the housing market down even more and create higher user fees . Stupid !
What ’ s a man ’ s her that was the matter .	“Our country is the greatest force for freedom the world has ever known . We have big hearts , big brains , and ( cont )
So , and the prayers of the many of the great today .	“As someone once put it , ‘Marriage is the greatest ‘anti-poverty’ program God ever created . ’” #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a show of her ” ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s man ’ s men ’ s work of her	MittRomney will give a great speech at CPAC today . He understands the threat from China .
A “ Who hath the her that the sun and her ” ’ s the way !	“Obama doesn’t respect the fact that the money he wastes belongs to us . He thinks that the wealth you create ( cont )
For it is a work .	IvankaTrump’s CNN interview with piersmorgan discussing ApprenticeNBC , the economy and politics
No better than the better than the bad again .	""The fastest way we can start saving Social Security is to get Americans back to work . "" #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
Who by the “ Who ’ s a ”	""The GOP needs to learn how to get tough and outnegotiate BarackObama and his big spending allies in ( cont )
Who is the “ Who ’ s her ” and her in her ” and ’ s ’ s men ’ s her ” and her ” and her ” ’ s a ”	Keystone must be approved . Oil is at a record high . We need to use our resources and support allies like Canada .
Who , her “ Who ’ s her ” “ Who by her ”	WyattBrian Timing is important , so considerations such as your financial situation and how solid your plans are should be reviewed .
Is this true of this ?	The Church is yet another victim to his liberal agenda: BarackObama lied to his Catholic supporters to pass ObamaCare .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Q/A thecelidebiasio The secret behind my success is that I love what I'm doing . That gives me energy , focus ( cont )
They are great people !	The Fed is destroying the dollar . When inflation hits the economy then even more jobs will go overseas .
I thank you .	Q/A stalkinpeople Yes , I'd give the real numbers .
.	Q/A saychowder I receive a great many requests for interviews , nationally and internationally .
.	Why should he ? He's only the POTUS--and BarackObama has ""no opinion"" on whether the Senate should pass a budget .
.	Lawrence O'Donnell will soon have another cancelled show to go along with his three cancelled TV series , ""Mister ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	#trumpvlog Windfarms in today's video blog . . .
I thank you .	My FoxNews interview with gretawire discussing the 2012 GOP primary and ObamaCare's attack on the Catholic Church .
Why , people hear the state of men ’ s lost ?	My CNN interview with TVAshleigh discussing MittRomney's electability and RickSantorum's Senate loss .
The sun on her men ’ s crown by the sea .	A great couple !
The men ’ s her ” Who ’ s men ’ s work of the things ' s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her again for her again for her again ' th ' times	cheatingdeam My best secret for business is that you have to love what you're doing . You need passion . ( cont )
Who will you be ?	bonniebell Every citizen has the right to do political analysis--and should--as well as to endorse ( cont )
Call it her her again the more than you ’ s more well .	Who is the dumbest man on TV ? Lawrence of MSNBC . . .
What ’ s a more than the man ’ s man !	JLukeRobinson The best advice to a young entrepreneur is to read my book with Robert Kiyosaki , Midas Touch . ( cont )
What love you , you have a bed , make a bed ?	Misterglorious I wear suits from the Donald J . Trump Signature Collection .
Let the heavens of the heavens of his time .	Jon Huntsman called to see me . I said no , he gave away our country to China ! JonHuntsman
Who hath a place in the first place in the first place the first man in the place hath the first	Check out a picture of the custom made Trump Bike that Paul Teutul Sr . presented to me today in Trump Tower--
I am so merry that you are so merry that ’ s man ’ s man ’ s that I am so merry that ’ s that you are so merry men are so merry men that are that are so merry men are a men are so well .	""Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet . Every time it does , it slows growth and kills jobs . It's ( cont )
A good man hath a place in the first place hath at the second place and second place at the second place hath at the first	#trumpvlog My thoughts on RickSantorum in today's video blog . . .
Who ’ s her ” ’ s the people ’ s people ’ s the matter of her ”	""Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take ( cont )
Have some mock with a thing with some thing ’ s part with some more than a thing ’ s heart , with a thing with a thing with a thing with a thing .	""I'm sick of always reading about outsourcing . Why aren't we talking about 'onshoring' ? "" ( cont )
Who comes to the Moor ’ s of our men ’ s lost the full of men ’ s work .	ObamaCare is an attack on our country's identity . The latest victim is the Catholic church . It must be full repealed . BarackObama
.	npbraden I already have two great pilots .
.	fatmaninaspeedo I have not met MacMiller but his song , Donald Trump , has had over 40 milion hits . Maybe he should pay me somethiing .
Go , and the death is the blood .	Government dependency has surged over 23% since BarackObama has taken office . He is creating an entitlement culture .
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ”	stass13 Sorry , she's taken .
What ’ s a murder of men to have lost the people in a people in the people have a people in the murder of men of men of her men of men of her murder of men of men of men in a murder to work of men to	GrimeyGatsby I only require four hours of sleep per night .
What ’ s her that she can be the Where we have all all all all of all of their people ?	BarackObama hard at work yesterday shooting a marshmallow cannon in the WH East Room while our country burns .
What love I love you with this country !	bats67 As a parent , education has a high priority , it is very important . I went to one of the best schools and ( cont )
Call her her her again .	Glad to see no charges against Greg Kelly . His accusers' charges never made sense !
What ’ s a ” To her men ’ s ' th ' th ' Moor	I see my friend FlaGovScott is speaking at CPAC . Solid guy , wonderful job . #sayfie marcaputo
A strong will be the wars .	Miss_Drax My first job was working for and with my father , Fred C . Trump .
What ’ s no way ?	IanBQueen In answer to your question , my favorite thing to do is spending time with my family .
The delight , to her that to bed .	nathanfuchs lawrence He's not a smart man . He is a poor journalist and he likes fabricating the truth-- all reasons why his ratings stink !
Why , by her men ’ s never may be so may be so like a man ’ s man ’ s men of her be so may be a work of her men of her men of her be so ”	Eli Manning . Great Athlete . Great Guy . NYGiants great teamwork !
I will to her ?	Why is MittRomney the only guy who talks about getting tough with China and their currency manipulation ?
Why , by her ” “ Who was ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Many people have been asking me to answer questions . You can ask me questions at any time . #TrumpQandA
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Vanity Fair is failing . Newstand sales are down 20 percent--2nd most for major magazines and the magazine has ( cont )
True , good .	I see FLGovScott poll numbers are improving . Good man doing a good job .
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ”	Many , many people are disappointed I didn't run third party--but I won't risk BarackObama benefiting from a split in the anti-Obama vote .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	I endorsed MittRomney not because I agree with him on every issue but because he will get tough with China .
Who by her ” Who ’ s her ” Call her her ”	Another BarackObama green car loan recipient is laying off staff . How many billions of our money has he wasted ?
I thank you , and say you , I have been this long for a long .	A record 1 . 2 million Americans have left the job force during BarackObama's ""recovery"" Don't trust the job numbers .
.	""It's hardly any wonder that our country's manufacturing dominance has evaporated . "" #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
What ’ s a ” and her ’ s her ’ s ”	""Destroying the world's finest health-care system so that BarackObama can have his socialized medicine program ( cont )
Call her lord , thou hast thou hast thou hast thou hast thou hast ’ st ’ st thou again , thou again thou hast thou hast again O again O ’ s again O ' st thou hast thou hast thou hast again	I believe BarackObama is manipulating the jobless numbers
We have done to our country .	Tune in tonight at 1 AM EST to the QVC network to watch Melania Trump debut her first 2012 ""Melania Timepieces & ( cont )
Call her her again .	My foxandfriends interview discussing the Super Bowl , the real unemployment numbers , Iran and MittRomney's ( cont )
Who not a bed again !	As China is building an air and naval force , BarackObama is cutting ours . He is weakening our national security .
What ’ s a more ’ s to tell you this a man ’ s great her	The Prayer Breakfast was used by BarackObama to say that the Bible commands higher income taxes . That's not the way it is !
I thank you !	The economy is in terrible shape . BarackObama is manipulating the job numbers to hide the truth .
I thank you , that will be very hard , And he that you great great great show of great show , and the great show of him , I will be a very great business , And that I will be very great great thee .	He's saddled our children with more debt than we accumulated in 225 years in America . BarackObama has done an ( cont )
What ’ s a man ’ s a good night would be a good night would be a good night ,	Not the world , only your tiny group of viewers--the world doesn't care about you . lawrence You're too stupid to ( cont )
Who is the matter for the voice is my voice !	""So , I speak badly of China , but I speak the truth and what do the consumers in China want ? They want Trump . "" ( cont )
Who ’ s a ”	Congrats MittRomney on a huge NV victory . Let’s make BarackObama a one term president #OneTermFund
Who ’ s a ” Who 's her that 's her .	To vote for me and CENTURY 21 for the best #Superbowl commercial , click the following link and “Like” the page .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	#SuperBowl Vote for me and CENTURY21--
The time for the day ’ s day ’ s the day .	You’re hired ! The CENTURY21 ad is airing during the #SuperBowl and you need to get voting ! Vote for me & CENTURY21:
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	The CBO has predicted that unemployment will rise to 8 . 8% this next year . This is BarackObama's economic recovery .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My FoxNews interview with gretawire discussing why I endorsed MittRomney and why he will make a great President
Who ’ s a ”	""We have to combat the welfare mentality that says individuals are entitled to live off taxpayers . "" ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	My FoxNews interview with TeamCavuto discussing my endorsement of MittRomney and how I came to my decision
Call her her “ Call her “ last !	My CNNS interview with wolfblitzercnn discussing my endorsement of MittRomney and why he can beat BarackObama
Who ’ s a	I watched BarackObama at the National Prayer Breakfast -- and he looked totally uncomfortable with his words . ( cont )
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” !	The New York Times/Bill Carter/Sept . 26 , 2011: ""On MSNBC , meanwhile , Lawrence O'Donnell has lost 100 , 000 viewers ( cont )
I will be on this morning .	Sleepy eyed chucktodd thinks Las Vegas is a state--see todayshow this morning .
Who a a little one a one for her ”	I bet the dumbest political commentator on television , Lawrence , will soon be thrown off the air for poor ( cont )
This is is he that we have ’ t like it is .	Watch my endorsement of MittRomney .
What says he says , He is too fear , to the truth !	I will be making a major announcement today at 12:30 pm PST at Trump International Hotel & Tower , Las Vegas , ( cont )
Make her country our country ’ s again .	I will be making a major announcement tomorrow ( Thursday , February 2 ) at 12:30 pm at Trump International Hotel & ( cont )
Who ’ s a better than the better than you have more than you .	#trumpvlog BarackObama's dismal record in today's video blog . . . .
Who was that speech was a speech of her ”	He BarackObama wants to release 5 senior Taliban detainees back to the Taliban . The Taliban out negotiates him !
My lord to the Moor house of her ' s very sad !	His spending is reckless: BarackObama will set a record fourth year of a $1 trillion budget deficit .
What ’ s a ” Call her her men ’ s a ” and a soldier ’ s one of her ”	Shocking--two of BarackObama's largest campaign bundlers are directly linked to Solyndra What a coincidence !
What ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s her ”	""The point is: the Chinese are smart--they respond to economic pressure , and they know they're not going to get ( cont )
What a married of a mother ’ s mother ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men that ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s men ’ s mother ’ s men ’ s bed .	""America became a powerhouse because of our deep belief in the virtue of self-reliance . "" #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
What ’ s not a more a ” the men ’ s the other of men ’ s the other of her	""A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off . We've done it before . "" #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her !	I was on SquawkBox this morning
Who never never ’ s a more but my lord ’ s ’ s ’ s never never never ’ s of her of her but a bed but a bed but a bed and my bed and my part of my lord ’ s bed	My FoxNews interview with TeamCavuto discussing the national housing market , unemployment numbers and the FL ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s times the man ’ s times the man ’ s times the moon of the man ’ s bed of her ”	My jrg710 interview discussing building a cemetery next to Trump National , the FL primary , ApprenticeNBC and OPEC
Call you the next of her men ’ s crown , Make more ' th ' th ' next !	Great news that the New York Stock Exchange won't be owned by a German company . European regulators turned the ( cont )
Who ’ s but our men will grow .	Congratulations to MittRomney for an impressive win in Florida . He performed well under pressure .
Why , so ready for this is ’ t , ' tis a great work !	Formerly of the New York Times , frankrichny was a poor theatre critic who was forced out . Sadly , he is an even ( cont )
To make a work of her men ’ s age for the strumpet ’ s years !	Keystone: johnboehner MUST pass Keystone by linking it to another bill .
Why , by her ”	The banks need to start lending again otherwise the economy will continue its downturn . This is why we bailed the banks out !
Great was by her ” And her her ” A ” A ” A ” A times	The Muslim Brotherhood , BarackObama's allies in Egypt , will cancel the Camp David Agreement . What a disaster !
Who comes a bed a ” ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” Call ’ s bed	A commander in chief has to possess the right instincts . That's one of the biggest problems with BarackObama: ( cont )
Who will not a will not her father ’ s bed with you ’ s bed !	Notice how BarackObama failed to mention ObamaCare last night in his SOTU . Even he knows it is terrible .
Call her her “ Call her her again .	""What's incredible is that Obamacare hasn't even kicked in yet and already it's doing tremendous damage . "" ( cont )
Make our kingdom , and hold it of her chamber .	""It is simply immoral for the government to encourage able-bodied Americans to think that a life on welfare , of ( cont )
Who is a an an ass of the place , and the place of all the fine place !	My gretawire interview discussing BarackObama's economic failures , attack on capitalism and playing class warfare .
.	Jagadis63 Thank you .
Go to for the night , and there !	My foxandfriends interview discussing my possible GOP endorsement , MittRomney's taxes and the Florida primary .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” Are ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	All eyes are on Florida today . I will be watching the GOP primary results very closely . We need the right candidate to beat BarackObama .
My lord , her that ’ s one of her back .	My appearance this morning on Good Morning America . . .
But a fool would pay the fortune be the fortune .	Today is a big day for us and for Toronto: Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto opens today . ( cont )
Let me be the matter tonight .	The Islamists are taking over Egypt through the election . Why did BarackObama force Mubarak out ? He was an ally .
What , now I know ’ s better .	Keystone must be approved through Congress . BarackObama is costing America over 20 , 000 jobs and driving the price of gas high .
Why , her ’ s a work with her ”	The GOP primary is getting very nasty . The candidates need to remember that BarackObama is the main target . He must not be reelected .
I thank you .	Glad to hear Bella Santorum is recovering . RickSantorum has a beautiful family .
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ’ s the matter !	""The military threat from China is gigantic and it's no surprise that the Communist Chinese government lies ( cont )
Who is but our hope ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s but our people hope ’ s ’ s ’ s men ’ s a ”	Food stamps up 45% . Federal handouts up 45% . Is BarackObama happy ?
Why , thou art a ”	Check out this photo shoot video of IvankaTrump's Spring 2012 collection . . . .
In the matter for her men ’ s sleep in the moon .	Another electric car firm that BarackObama gave $118M just went bankrupt . He loves to waste our tax dollars .
Remember , a one ?	For those who missed my chat with hannityshow on radio , here it is on TV . Sean is terrific .
Or ’ s a least give it a least again	He admits his presidency has been flawed . . . but BarackObama claims economy is stronger .
Call her her again too .	My interview with seanhannity discussing this season's ApprenticeNBC , #TimeToGetTough , the economy and GOP primary .
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” and the people ’ s ’ s men ’ s her ”	He makes a mistake ""every hour , every day"" admits BarackObama . The problem is that we are paying for them .
Will be in a times tomorrow , and she should be so far .	Watch the clip from my #C21 Super Bowl spot on AccessHollywood tonight .
Who ’ s a thousand ' s thousand ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' s	""I've got news for President Obama: America is not what's wrong with the world . "" #TimeToGetTough
What ’ s the best ’ s work of her best ’ s the best would be the best would be the best of her not be the best of her men ’ s bed and her ”	""Sadly , when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs , BarackObama has been a total ( cont )
In the matter we will .	“It’s sad—truly sad and disgraceful—the way Obama has allowed America to be abused and kicked around ( cont )
Who ’ s her her ” ’ s the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter ’ s a work of the more ’ s her ”	Watch me on Hannityshow tonight at 9PM ET on FoxNews .
What ’ s my lord !	BarackObama’s Russian Ambassador stated that he supports ‘universal values’ not ‘American values’ ( cont )
Who is but a man ’ s will be but he will .	“Did you know that with the natural gas reserves we have in the United States we could power America’s ( cont )
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s bed !	“We need more grown-ups in Washington , people who will shoot straight and level with the American people . ” #TimeToGetTough
Who hath a ass but a one ass ’ s a little that thank you !	BarackObama’s SOTU claim that “companies get tax breaks for moving jobs and profits overseas” is 100% false
Must be a Who be her “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of her ” Must be a ”	BarackObama gave 1% of his income to charity from 2000 through 2004 I guess he only likes spending our money .
When you are in the wars , or a man is not , I am an ass !	BarackObama’s SOTU ratings were down 12% from 2011 He can't even deliver ratings in an election year .
Who ’ s a a ’ s a ”	My gretawire interview discussing IvankaTrump wanting me to run for POTUS , BarackObama’s SOTU and his China policy
Why , I thank you for a great times the great my great France for a great them !	My SquawkCNBC interview from earlier in the week discussing the GOP primary and newtgingrich's electability
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , and ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her	Check out this great story from the WSJ . . .
He that would set up and the trade , and the should be made of the men .	#trumpvlog My thoughts on the State of the Union address , Apple , and a great WSJ article . . . .
The Brutus , and the name of our country 's country 's .	Last night in his SOTU , BarackObama claimed that he is a friend of Israel . Does anyone really believe that .
The men of her that did never have been on the morning .	Keystone pipeline would create 20 , 000 direct jobs , another 50 , 000 jobs servicing the pipeline . 700 , 000 barrels a ( cont )
Who should be a peace for her that I have ’ s love .	After Solyndra , BarackObama is stil intent on wasting our tax dollars on unproven technologies and risky companies . He must be accountable .
Come her ’ s a more ’ s bed .	""For a president who likes to showcase how hip and tech savvy he is , Obama also appears surprisingly clueless ( cont )
I thank you .	Tom Brokaw keeps calling Mitt Romney ""George"" ( Mitt's father ) . Sadly , time is up for Tom .
Call it , my lord .	""All raising taxes on businesses does is force business owners to lay off employees they can no longer afford . "" ( cont )
The world ’ s the world !	""People are smart . They know you can't be ""for"" jobs but against those who create them . It doesn't work . "" ( cont )
In the other men ’ s her ” and her in her ”	All I heard in the SOTU was proposals for more govt , more spending and more bureaucrats . Very bad !
Why , by her men ’ s her in her ” . ”	My daughter Ivanka thinks I should run for President . Maybe I should listen .
Who ’ s a a say ’ s a a man ’ s one ’ s part of a more a a a one of her ”	It is a shame Keystone wasn't powered by solar panels and wind because then BarackObama would have wasted billions on it .
What ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s her ”	A gallon of gas has more than doubled while BarackObama has been POTUS and he still won't approve Keystone .
This is the day of her that I have a work with her ”	It has been 1 , 000 days since BarackObama has passed a budget . He continues to spend this country into the ground without any control .
Who ’ s a one that ’ s bed .	Tonight in his SOTU , BarackObama won't talk about Keystone . He will continue to dissemble about his record and play class warfare .
True .	""Capitalism requires capital . When government robs capital from investors , it takes away the money that creates ( cont )
Why , a an an ass ’ tis like a one .	""Look , here's the deal: BarackObama has been a total disaster . He has spent this country into the ground and ( cont )
Who , her that have a people in her ” Who was the people was of her ?	Obama wants Americans to keep buying crude from OPEC who is ripping us off instead of our ally Canada through ( cont )
Who ’ s ’ s that you will ?	Iran is threatening to shut the Strait of Hormuz and BarackObama won't approve the Keystone pipeline . His energy policy makes America weak .
.	A tough week was had by@MittRomney , but he's come back from adversity before .
Who in the her ” Who in her ”	""To the BarackObama administration , saving money isn't the point--expanding government and spending more ( cont )
I thank you .	""I have great respect for the people that represent China . What I don't respect is the way that we negotiate and ( cont )
.	""While Obama is obsessed with ""green collar jobs , "" blue collar workers aren't buying it . "" ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s her ’ s ”	My Newsmax_Media interview from Friday where I predicted that newtgingrich in South Carolina would change the race .
Who ’ s a Who ’ s but a news with her news !	Congratulations to newtgingrich on a stunning win in South Carolina . All eyes are on Florida now .
What ’ s men are all that they may win .	China has hacked another US government body . will we learn ?
.	Canada will now sell its oil to China because BarackObama rejected Keystone . At least China knows a good deal when they see it .
Who ’ s best ’ s her not her ?	Obama's new campaign ad defends Solyndra I guess losing $500M is a cause for celebration for BarackObama .
Who will be the people for her men ’ s her !	The White House should stop publicly pressuring Israel on Iran . Iran's nuclear program is the threat , not Israel's right to self-defense .
What ’ s her ” ' s her ” For ’ s her ’ s people have a ” For ’ s her men of her ” For her her ” For her men ’ s her ” For ’ s her men ’ s bed and her ” For	""In all my years in business and participating in politics I've never seen the country as divided as it is right ( cont )
Good my lord to the day !	""We have a president who has a vendetta against businesspeople and considers them the enemy . "" #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
What ’ s a ” a one of his never run for his people ' th ' th ' ll run to her men ’ s a ”	The law requires individuals pay 15% on carried interest . Why would a potential President pay more than he or she is supposed to ?
If a man ’ s this man have been lost , Which ’ s have been a time to work of her	The national debt continues to rise at record levels and today BarackObama is in Disney World . He lives in a fantasy .
Shall not be so !	When will BarackObama release his transcripts ? What is he hiding ?
Call it her “ Hath her “ Who i ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times ”	Playing politics with the Keystone decision ? BarackObama vetos 20 , 000 jobs and cheaper oil .
My speech is very now on a good man ’ s a good man ’ s part on a good .	Texas is lucky to have him--- GovernorPerry is a great guy !
Call it is a speech on a good speech .	""""Our country has a big heart . And it's a point of national pride that we take care of our own . "" #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
Why did I pray you for a thing , when it was , when her call ?	Conservatives have to be smart in the way we speak . Using crazy language that terifies seniors accomplishes ( cont )
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s the war , the sun of the war ,	""A tough negotiator can make the Chinese back off . We've done it before . "" #TimeToGetTough
Why , that she ’ s the new ”	Rick Perry--a good man , a great family and a patriot .
What ’ s such a man ’ s voice .	My FoxNews with gretawire discussing the Keystone pipeline , Re-election is more important than 20 , 000 jobs and ( cont )
What is is to a voice of a little voice .	“The problem is that we have a president who is more concerned with pursuing some sort of bizarre ideological ( cont )
Call her my voice !	“China presents three big threats to the United States in its outrageous currency manipulation , its systematic ( cont )
Thanks .	BarackObama ‘asked’ Iran for our drone back . They are returning a miniature model . Another diplomatic coup !
Give my lord , And that a great him !	“To state the obvious , if any business operated the way the government does , it would go under . ” #TimeToGetTough
The lady is in her men ’ s bed , And to all the matter .	Receiving AmericanCancer Lifetime Achievement Award & chairing FollowLola debut CarnegieHall on Jan . 19
I thank you .	BarackObama won’t approve the Keystone Pipeline so Canada is now looking to sell their oil to China ( cont )
Why to her again .	There are 11 more Solyndras in the BarackObama energy program He loves to waste our ( cont )
We ’ s with a one of the matter .	I bought Tim Tebow's jersey and helmet at auction for a good cause- fighting breast cancer
I thank you have a York in York in the king with your house , and your house , you great great York in the great York in his York of his York in his York in his York in his York in his old soldier ’ s great	“Get it straight: Pakistan is not our friend . We’ve given them billions and billions of dollars , and what ( cont )
Thanks .	“BarackObama may have been a good ‘community organizer , ’ but the man is a lousy international dealmaker . ” #TimeToGetTough
What , that you have my lord to be the matter .	Rosie O'Donnell's show is ""dead""- can't keep going for long with such poor ratings . Rosie is a stone cold ( cont )
Thanks , a	#trumpvlog The Republicans must defeat BarackObama , not themselves . . . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Newly released documents show Geithner to be laughing as the financial crisis loomed
I am the king for her men ’ s the matter .	The Republicans should NOT give BarackObama the authority to raise the debt another $1 . 2Trillion ( cont )
Why , the people ’ s her !	While BarackObama is slashing the military , he is also negotiating with our sworn enemy the Taliban--who facilitated 9/11 .
Thanks , a a worst of a worst .	""For too long we've been pushed around , used by other countries , and ill-served by politicians in Washington who ( cont )
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""The American work ethic is what led generations of Americans to create our once prosperous nation . "" ( cont )
Make me to follow me .	""I love America . And when you love something you protect it passionately--fiercely , even . #TimeToGetTough ( cont )
In one hour I will be a hours of her from her .	Our Marines are sent to kill the Taliban not coddle them . USMC should be praised not investigated . Semper Fi !
Make me to follow me on a great him , Make ’ s a man ’ s life to make a great him .	Newt attacks on MittRomney record at Bain an attack on free enterprise and entrepreneurship . Mistake !
Thanks .	An Iranian nuclear scientist's car exploded in Tehran yesterday--lots of problems to come--BarackObama --we need real leadership .
The day of the day !	The US is always getting ripped off ! China gets cheap oil from Iran and Iraq as US pays for Hormuz Patrols to ( cont )
Why , the work again .	With unempoyment over 10% in 2009 , BarackObama held an extravagant Alice in Wonderland party . He is a man of the people !
Who ’ s a ”	America deserves a commander in chief who respects the challenges and realities our Armed Forces face in our ( cont )
Do we more than another ’ s have we have them in the other of them .	If you stop by Trump Tower ( Fifth Avenue between 56th and 57th Streets ) you can buy a pre-signed copy of #TimeToGetTough .
Great !	51% of JonHuntsman's NH voters are satisfied with BarackObama as president So is JonHuntsman !
Thanks .	""A real president should take pride in saving and spending your money wisely , not funneling it to his cronies ( cont )
The men ’ s daughter for the great men ’ s great men ’ s great men .	""President Reagan had it right: Social Security is here to stay . We must root out the fraud and make it more ( cont )
What ’ s the great men would be a great men ’ s great men ’ s great come !	OPEC has just raised oil to over $102/Barrel . And BarackObama still won't approve the Keystone Pipeline . Does he want high gas prices ?
Then will be a day , the day .	Why are we building a $1Billion embassy in Iraq when the country kicked us out , didn't give us any oil & is about to get taken over by Iran ?
The will be a day and our country to be a day .	3 Chief of Staffs in less than 3 years of being President: Part of the reason why BarackObama can't manage to pass his agenda .
Who ’ s a ”	New Hampshire has a major decision to make today . Hopefully we won't have to hear any more Mandarin spoken in future debates .
I am merry that merry her was , and he under her speech !	This is why TimTebow is a winner . He lays everything out on the field . He never quits and never gives up . That's why he is a success .
Call it to her that ’ s a soldier in ’ s ’ s ’ s more .	""The damage that Democrats , weak Repubicans , and this disaster of a president have inflicted on America has put ( cont )
I thank you .	""We need a president who knows how to get things done , who can keep America strong , safe , and free , and who can ( cont )
I thank you .	""Restoring American wealth will require that we get tough . The next president must understand that America's ( cont )
The time to be the time to the great work .	My FoxNews interview with gretawire where I discuss my potential GOP endorsement and the NH primary
I thank you .	ObamaCare is such a national treasure that BarackObama has waived over 1 , 200 companies from the law
Thanks .	Priorities: BarackObama wants to slash a Trillion dollars from military spending while raising the salaries of ( cont )
I thank you .	? ? ? BarackObama held a raffle with donors for a lunch in the White House . The winners were conveniently all ( cont )
I thank you .	""Sadly , when it comes to using the energy industry to create American jobs , Obama has been a total disaster . "" #TimeToGetTough
There is .	""Instead of creating new jobs , Obamacare is destroying jobs . And the worst part is yet to come , since the truly ( cont )
Thanks , I ’ s a more ’ s down .	My foxandfriends interview from this morning
Thanks .	""Government needs to stop pick-pocketing your wallet . Every time it does , it slows growth and kills jobs . "" #TimeToGetTough
Great , good good .	Be sure to watch my interview on Gretawire tonight !
I thank you .	AMAZING - BarackObama has actually found a government program he can cut in half - the Defense Department . . . bad ( cont )
Who ’ s a ” a “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery - ""Huntsman goes Donald Trump""
Faith , sir , for the men ’ s from the other of her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the time to her	Now BarackObama is planning to have we the taxpayers pay off mortgages--he will spend this country into the ground .
If the one did run for her that , be merry , ”	""Getting China to stop playing its currency charades can begin whenever we elect a president ready to take decisive action . "" #TimeToGetTough
What ’ s the other have lost him to the man ’ s man , come to the way , ’ s men ’ s bed , Which he ’ s bed and the	""If other countries benefit from our armed forces protecting them , those countries should pay for the protection . "" #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a one that all the way !	""People who have the ability to work should . But with the government happy to send checks , too many of them don't . "" #TimeToGetTough
Let her make a very strong yourself a very strong .	President BarackObama's vacation is costing taxpayers millions of dollars----Unbelievable !
What ’ s own lord , bring you to the house , you have to be .	China is driving the price of gold up in order to ease pressure against Iranian sanctions .
Who with a ”	The new season of the Celebrity Apprentice begins Feb . 12--be prepared for the best season yet !
Who is a new “ he ’ s new ”	""If Americans understood just how many hidden government fees and taxes are absorbed into the prices of the ( cont )
Who am I a one that I am the matter on the matter ’ s man ’ s ’ s the matter that I am of this one of my work of my	""Beyond simple justice , and beyond reducing our national debt , another advanage of taking the oil is that it ( cont )
The York ’ s my York ’ s ’ s ’ s the ” ’ s ’ s ’ s the York ’ s a York ’ s ”	""Obama's plan to have Russia stand up to Iran was a horrible failure that turned America into a laughingstock . "" #TimeToGetTough
Why , by her men ’ s her that in her ”	My todayshow interview where I reveal the new cast of Celebrity Apprentice and discuss the GOP primary field
Call her her “ Call ’ s bed	Iran has warned the US not to send an aircraft carrier back into the Strait of Hormuz . We should send three as a ( cont )
What ’ s the matter , We must find the fashion to throw !	Michelle Obama likes to be addressed as ""Your Excellency . "" She is an excellent spender of taxpayer money on herself .
What ’ s that thou art so , why not why , that ’ s true ?	""Nobody cares"" about the Iowa straw poll is what JonHuntsman said yesterday . His problem is that nobody cares about his campaign ( or him ) .
Will be the “ live at the Moor ’ s from her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s of her live .	Celebrity Apprentice continues to be a top ten trend on twitter this morning
Who ’ s a call news ?	Michele Bachmann just dropped out of prez race--- when she didn't do the Newsmax debate it showed great disloyalty and people rejected her .
To make a man ’ s speech of his speech !	We left Iraq and it is quickly falling apart--what a waste of lives and money--and so obvious .
A that he loves the more loves him , and the matter .	""If history teaches us anything , it's that strong nations require strong leaders with clearly defined national ( cont )
Let her be come for her again .	""I have so much admiration and respect for the 2 . 4 million men and women of our Armed Forces . "" #TimeToGetTough
The man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s man ’ s the man ’ s the man ’ s of the man ’ s one of the man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s man ’ s	""Under President BarackObama , China has experienced unusually fast gains and America unusually fast losses . "" #TimeToGetTough
Who knows a man that knows that he hath the man ’ s side of her be the Moor .	He should be ignored: RonPaul's foreign policy is a dream come true for our enemies . He has zero chance to beat BarackObama .
What ’ s the people ’ s her ”	Michele Bachmann got less than 1 , 200 more votes in the Caucus than she did in the Ames Straw Poll . Very sad for her--a nice woman !
Who is a sin in ’ s doubt of her , ” And she ’ s her that ’ s her ”	Congratulations to RickSantorum for coming out of Iowa a winner !
Call it a one for her that .	Another BarackObama investment triumph--the $500Billion American funded Finnish plug in cars are all being recalled
What ’ s a ha ’ s bed !	I am honored that Texas supporters have filed papers in Texas to create ""Make America Great"" Party on my behalf .
Why , by her ” “ Who ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream of her ”	He knows he won't have to spend much: JonHuntsman has offered to match any donation dollar for dollar .
Who made her her lord , her ’ s mind by her ”	A good friend: SarahPalinUSA . More importantly she is a tremendous voice for policies that would put America on ( cont )
What ’ s a ” to her ” to her ’ s ”	What's with this rap stuff with me and Ebenezer Scrooge ?
What is our country 's country 's a will run for the men ’ s run for the men ’ s men ’ s men , come , and let ’ s a men ’ s bed now , come to be a work ,	Michele Bachmann will finish dead last tonight in Iowa because she is disloyal and a terrible boss . Sadly , it is over for Michele .
What ’ s a ” Will be the people be the matter of her ”	""To have a government we can afford we need to eliminate the tremendous waste clogging the system"" #TimeToGetTough
I will see the crown to the crown .	""The Wall Street Journal has reported that Obama's food stamp policies are ushering in a massive 'food stamp crime wave . '"" #TimeToGet Tough
Come to be , and be better , and think ’ s more than the better .	""The Democrats' solution is the same solution they have for everything--tax , tax , tax . Just one problem: it doesn't work"" #TimeToGetTough
Who ’ s a ”	I will be on the todayshow tomorrow morning to make a major announcement about a television show . Stay tuned !
Why , after the better bring to the better again , and ever , and ever , before ever , and after a man !	My FoxNews interview with gretawire discussing the GOP primary , my 2012 options and why BarackObama must lose
Who in the chamber tonight had but the state of marriage !	My foxandfriends interview discussing the ""Make America Great Again"" Texas filing and the Iowa caucus
Why , by a one that one one one that one ’ s one ’ s one of the one ’ s one of her ”	Have a happy , successful and healthy New Year !
The matter on the matter , if the Moor ’ s	When it comes to money , finance and even life , PROTECT THE DOWNSIDE AND THE UPSIDE WILL TAKE CARE OF ITSELF !
Why , a an an ass ’ tis like a one .	Make sure to have fun and celebrate NYE with friends and family . Happy New Year everyone !
What ’ s a ” to her ” to her ”	“Tomorrow is the first blank page of a 365-page book . Write a good one . ” — BradPaisley
The love it when it hath me work me to prove it . ” to prove them .	Bring in 2014 TrumpSoHo's NYE soireé -- NYC's most exclusive New Year's Eve Party w/SoHi & , VeuveClicquot
Call her her Call her his wit .	Spend your last day of 2013 contemplating the moves you will make in 2014 to make it your best year ever !
The bad of a man ’ s one of this place , and fortune ’ s fortune !	The con artists changed the name from GLOBAL WARMING to CLIMATE CHANGE when GLOBAL WARMING was no longer working and credibility was lost !
The time of her again to her again for her again for the	What the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING . The planet is freezing , the ice is building and the G . W . scientists are stuck-a total con job
Who ’ s a ”	Entrepreneurs – be tough , resolute & , trustworthy . The most crucial time to build your reputation is when you start making deals .
What ’ s a more a great work !	“No one remembers who came in second . ” - Walter Hagen
I am in that I would make a great a great soldier ’ s great have I thank you .	""4clint what is key to attracting new customers . thanks"" The gold standard , only the best for clients & , customers . Every time
Who ’ s a ” for her ’ s a ”	“The more predictable the business , the more valuable it is . Predictability also means consistency of brand experience . ” - Midas Touch
What I pray you , let ’ s a men ’ s a bed !	""SueGriffiths19 Been a bit quiet lately ? Told my job is at risk NY - any tips to cheer me up ? "" Be positive , do your best !
Who at a place ’ s place ’ s good .	Congratulations to woodyjohnson4 and nyjets on yesterday's very exciting game .
What ’ s but a more than ’ s men ’ s ’ s but but ’ s ’ s ’ s but but but but a thing ?	Cover your bases--know everything you can about what you're doing . Keep your focus by being well informed on a daily basis .
Let the play the while and left you have left your more than your suit .	Ask yourself , ""Is this a blip or is it a catastrophe ? "" and your equilibrium will be kept in check if/when hard times hit .
The men is never fear of his years ’ s years , and never will be gone , and ’ s years ’ s years of his years of her be his men ’ s years ’ s years ’ s eyes .	Be tough , be focused . There are a lot of ups and downs , but you can ride them out if you're prepared for them .
What ’ s a Who by her men ’ s lust ’ s lost and her work of her ” And ’ s her men ’ s her men ’ s her again of her ” And ’ s her men ’ s a work of her ”	""alefx33: Nelson Mandela and realDonaldTrump two world's leaders
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	Temperature at record lows in many parts of the country . 50 degrees below zero with wind chill in large area . Global warming folks iced in !
A great her work to the way .	In the upcoming New Year we will focus like never before - if we do that we will have complete and total VICTORY in all we do !
Why kill 'd it on the matter	We're coming up on the NEW YEAR-It is really important that , despite so many stupid decisions being made in Washington , we make it BEST EVER
I will be on a bed at a thing .	The global warming scientists don't want to be airlifted off the ship-they are having too much fun and that is too simple a solution-FAME !
Who hath a doubt of a wonder of a wonder of the matter .	We should be focused on clean and beautiful air-not expensive and business closing GLOBAL WARMING-a total hoax !
Why , as long to be so long to be , and the reason .	The rescue icebreaker , trying to free the ship of the GLOBAL WARMING scientists , has turned back-the ice is massive ( a record ) . IRONIC !
Who ’ s a bed !	""HumorInstitute: I could sleep tonight if you told me we will see TheRealRoseanne on Celebrity Apprentice before I die . ""She would be great
Who ’ s a ”	Will be working with contractors at Trump National Doral in Miami today .
This is he is he cannot run to the way to run to the way , the way , come to the time , and run to be the thing , and run to you .	""ProudlySA: Thank you for your response - we live in a beautiful country & , invite you to visit - we will host you & , show you the beauty""
Who ’ s a ”	ProudlySA As a major fan of Nelson Mandela and the people of South Africa , all of my statements are made with love . Protect his legacy now
Why , the days to her days of her days ?	Via shinysheet: ""Mar-a-Lago to host top equestrian jumpers: Trump Invitational will benefit 90 area charities . ""
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""Be on time . Wasting other people's time due to poor planning and thoughtlessness will only leave a bad impression . "" - Think Like a Champion
Who ’ s a bed !	It is really too bad that the scientists studying GLOBAL WARMING in Antarctica got stuck on their icebreaker because of massive ice and cold
Who ’ s a ”	#TBT With Barbara Walters on my helicopter going somewhere .
Who ’ s a man ’ s bed and he can he ’ s man ’ s the matter of her	Thank you to AmSpec & , Jeffrey Lord for the lovely article “Governor Trump ? The conservative Nelson Rockefeller . ”
The men ’ s men ’ s country ’ s .	Celebrating New Year's Eve in the Windy City ? Join TrumpChicago for the chic & , elegant Cirque Soiree Celebration
The is gone .	""Do your homework . Wasting other people's time due to poor planning will only leave a bad impression . ""- Think Like a Billionaire
Who , her “ her ” “ Who in her ” hath the people in the sun ’ s bed	O . K . , Christmas is over , now we can all go back to the wars of life . Focus , focus , focus-never accept defeat -push hard for total victory !
Who ’ s a York ’ s ”	I hope everybody is having a FANTASTIC Christmas ! No matter how tough things may seem remember that you will ride it out & , go on to victory !
What ’ s a ” To her her ” Who ’ s her ” To have a ” To her again In her ” To her men ’ s her ” Which ’ s bed and her ” Which ’ s her ”	The new Pope is a humble man , very much like me , which probably explains why I like him so much !
The eyes as it is not , as it was as you would be as it . ” to be as you have a man .	Merry Christmas , have an amazing day !
The time ’ s face of her ' s the time in her ”	""Bayojay: “realDonaldTrump: “After every setback , start thinking big as soon as possible . ” - Think Big” True !
The men by her men ’ s the times the Great Make ’ s the Moor o ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times her ”	""Bayojay: “realDonaldTrump: A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination . -- Nelson Mandela”""
In the end , thou art not by the more much , but what you are been by .	""kpelkey7: realDonaldTrump I'm not a friend nor an enemy , just an admirer ! Merry Christmas to you ! "" You also , thanks !
The more ’ s again !	""Bayojay: “realDonaldTrump: ""If everything seems under control , you're not going fast enough . "" -- Mario Andretti""””""
Who ’ s a play ’ s work in the matter ?	""Bayojay: “realDonaldTrump: ""The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world , are the ones who do . "" -- Steve Jobs”""
What ’ s a play of York and call 'd Whom sir , sir , and the York and say to the York and the York and the York and say ’ s men of York and her ” Which ’ s York and call 'd to play ’ s	Without passion you don't have energy , and without energy , you don't have anything !
What ’ s a ” ’ s a more ’ s bed , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more of her again to the more of her ”	""lotyworks: ! ! ! “realDonaldTrump: “Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves . ” – Think Like a Champion” So true !
What a man ’ s a bed , Not a man ’ s no more ’ s bed	“Push yourself again and again . Don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds . ” - Larry Bird
Who is a wonder of a wonder of a wonder of the matter ’ s one of the matter ’ s a more of her ” a more of her ” a “ “ “ “ “ “ “ call of her ”	I could fix existing Tappan Zee Bridge for peanuts . Unfortunately , Gov Cuomo will end up spending more than $10B on this project . $25 tolls ?
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	I'd like to wish all of my friends--and even my many enemies--a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year .
Who in her ” “ Who ’ s a ”	Entrepreneurs: Put everything you've got into what you're doing . Be totally focused--nothing should be haphazard .
Who , her that ’ s her call , and it on the matter and the matter and the matter and her ”	Entrepreneurs: Whatever happens , you're responsible . If it doesn't happen , you're responsible .
Who ’ s a “ ” “ ” lady !	Entrepreneurs: Apply your skills and talent , but above all , be tenacious . See yourself as victorious--which means never giving up .
What ’ s our come !	""sneal50 The best thing you ""win"" by winning USA /Universe is the opportunity to learn from realDonaldTrump . . . . . "" Thank you .
What ’ s a man ’ s that ’ s more ’ s the matter .	""Tudowz I look up to my man realDonaldTrump for he has become one of the greatest Entrepreneurs in this times history . "" Thx
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	""sirtyro realDonaldTrump How do you deal with anxiety ? "" I don't ! I refuse to even think about it . Be positive .
Who is he ’ s a ”	""MrsDFRizzo7 good thing about Trump . . NOT a snob . A straight-arrow w/street sense . Appeals to the masses . . a leader all can appreciate"" Thx .
What ’ s the way must win the man !	ALWAYS TRY TO LEARN FROM OTHER PEOPLES MISTAKES , NOT YOUR OWN - IT IS MUCH CHEAPER THAT WAY !
Good my lord , from her that God be true and be true .	SOMETIMES YOUR BEST INVESTMENTS ARE THE ONES YOU DON'T MAKE !
Call , her , her ?	Did you ever not do something that had you done it would have turned out to be a disaster . Never look back , just learn from your experience !
Who ’ s a second time to her ” Why , ’ s a second work by the other of her	Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort . You're in charge--everything starts with you .
What never to be , let ’ s never give the matter .	Entrepreneurs: Be ready for problems--you'll have them every day . Keep open to new ideas--that's where innovation begins .
Who is the her ’ s between the people ’ s people ’ s her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' people ’ s people ’ s men ’ s people ’ s times the people .	TSeay18 Find work that you love--you have to be passionate about it to succeed . Then focus and never give up !
What should you be a man !	"" ZootmanTom realDonaldTrump love your words of wisdom . Merry Christmas & , happy new year"" Thanks .
Will be the reason that tomorrow .	""BigBobLarsen I don't always agree with you but I must say you do know how to inspire . . . "" Thank you .
Who ’ s a ”	#3 . Look at the solution , not the problem . Learn to focus on what will give results .
I thank you !	#2 . Keep your momentum . Without momentum , a lot of great ideas go nowhere .
What dream , if you come to me but a work of it .	#1 . Keep the big picture in mind . There are always opportunities and possibilities , and thinking too small can negate a lot of them .
The time that shall go to a long .	""CitizenZeroLand: realDonaldTrump Yo , bro , you rock ! Fo real . "" Very cool , thanks !
The mind are all the mind .	""kuhteesmiff: I love Donald Trump . #apprenticeaddict . . . . realDonaldTrump ❤️"" Thank you , so nice !
Look you , as the matter at the matter , the matter .	""Ludlow_Matthew: First time in TrumpTowerNY and in NYC , and was one place I'm glad I didn't miss ! Beautiful building and a must see place !
The more to hear you will run for her ' th ' times .	Will be on Fox & , Friends tomorrow morning at 7 . 00 - hope you enjoy !
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	#HasJustineLandedYet- Justine , what the hell are you doing , are you crazy ? Not nice or fair ! I will support AidForAfrica . Justine is FIRED !
Who ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a ”	HerschelWalker GREAT interview with Tim McCarver ! Have a fantastic Christmas and New Year .
What ’ s a better her again .	The Herschel Walker interview on The Tim McCarver Show was fantastic-much can be learned from watching . Congrats to Herschel and Tim !
I ’ ll pray you have a years of her !	With the very dangerous carjacking epidemic going on , especially in New York and New Jersey , you would be lucky to have a gun for protection
What ’ s the time ’ s will run and we have ’ s ’ s ’ s the other of men ’ s never have ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed and be all ’ s men ’ s men ’ s work to be	I am going to Trump National Doral in Miami today to check out the brand new and just opened BLUE MONSTER and the spectacular driving range .
What ’ s a more ’ s again to her ”	""BobOBomo: “HistoryInPics: Donald Trump and Mike Tyson
The matter of her men would be a matter like a wall ’ s wall , ’ s the matter .	""kelsey_2155: hey realDonaldTrump you're my fav"" Thanks .
Call you all the very part of a very part of her .	""SavingNancy: . realDonaldTrump we raised $60K+ in two months for Nancy and today she officially beat Leukemia ! WAY TO GO NANCY !
I will be a bed at her again .	""OneAndOnlyRiz: realDonaldTrump AlexSalmond Way to go Alex for releasing terrorists . How do you sleep at night ? "" To the sound of death !
Ay , the next is the next of her — In the next of the next of the other voice	""manny_ottawa: Alex_Norcia realDonaldTrump seems like AlexSalmond has a history of bad decision making . Maybe that's the point"" TURBINES
Think you , thou art to be so far , as well as well as well , think , and think you are well .	It was 25 years ago today that Pan Am flight 103 was downed by a terrorist killing 270 innocent people . AlexSalmond released the terrorist !
What is the people ’ s her that ’ s her ?	Remember , THE HARDER YOU WORK , THE LUCKIER YOU GET !
Who ’ s her that ’ s her ” if the people have a ”	""Sir_JamesM: Mr realDonaldTrump I admire your determination so much , my best wishes to you and your family . "" Thank you .
Who ’ s a man ’ s the more of her ' s ' s ' s ' ll have a ”	""MasonChampion: I think I'm about to purchase Art of the Deal by realDonaldTrump . "" Great !
Who says the matter of her ” ” ” “ ” ” ”	""cyberpunksamuri: the best Christmas present I could ever ask for is having realDonaldTrump re-tweet me once"" Merry Christmas !
The time of her that ’ s the Great Make ’ s times the Moor of her ”	""DonDonS1383: realDonaldTrump Did you hear they caught those animals who killed that lawyer in the mall parking lot ? That is great news !
Call her her her again .	""ImSoCelebrity: It just seems like a tweet from realDonaldTrump will inspire the person to achieve great things . That's just my belief . WOW
In the years of her , will be gone ?	""iSmoke_POTter: realDonaldTrump is a genius when's it comes to business"" Thank you !
What ’ s better be a more than the all .	""tschumann8: I hate everything that realDonaldTrump says/does for the most part , but he's a Great businessman so I respect that . "" O . K . !
What ’ s the more ’ s the matter in the matter ’ s man ’ s the matter in the matter in the matter of her men ’ s bed	""Phyneguy2013: I have always been a strong follower of your teachings . I don't know why u have started being so negative . "" I haven't !
Call it , and that ’ s voice .	""theehayleymarie: Few things in life are as wonderful as my realDonaldTrump mattress . It's like laying on a cloud . #heavenly"" By Serta !
What ’ s a one would be in a crown , ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' ll be a ” would be a one of her	""cynstweet: realDonaldTrump Wrapping the realDonaldTrump collection shirts & , ties I bought at #Macys . Gorgeous Christmas gifts ! "" Great !
I see you , you have been a mistress ’ s part of her , I ’ ll see you , you see the matter , you , her bed , a bed ,	""_Jcourtney95: Can't stop watching interviews and documentaries of realDonaldTrump the man is a legend"" Thank you , so nice !
Call you me well .	Fernando , thank you for the GREAT review of The Blue Monster in South Florida Golf-especially top 10 in the WORLD . I love SOFLAGOLF !
Who ’ s his reason , Who ’ s her ?	I had a lot of fun answering your questions in the latest round of #AskTheDonald . See if your question made it-
But but the matter is but the duke ’ s never saw his people ’ s thought !	If you don't believe in yourself , no one else will .
Who ’ s a work of her ' s crown !	Personally , I think Douglas Durst's brother got screwed by Douglas--no wonder he's angry .
What is not not to a country ’ s a speech .	. AGSchneiderman Why is Douglas Durst allowed to use the Freedom Tower to get out of a lease with Conde Nast ?
Who said the most many of the very most born of my speech , my speech , my speech , my speech of her speak of a very many speech of her speak of my good a very great speech .	. Richard_Meier , a highly overrated architect , has had many problems with buildings he has designed .
Why , by her men ’ s her again .	Secret Service members on break from Obama’s $4M vacation are more than welcomed to relax at Hawaii’s top hotel TrumpWaikiki .
What is in yourself .	Lightweight AGSchneiderman is pushing for the Moreland Commission to be disbanded immediately--because he is being looked at !
What ’ s her that ’ s her ” to her ” ?	Guess what , folks--the ObamaCare website just went down again . What a disaster .
Why , sir , you have a more , and say , and you have a horse .	If you can’t adapt to new situations then you will never be successful . Every change is a new opportunity to use your talent .
What ’ s a Cassio ’ s a ” a ” a ”	“Every strike brings me closer to the next home run . ” - Babe Ruth
Who is the one that is but the one that could be !	markrucci e_hig Great going Mark .
The time of her that ’ s the Great Make ’ s times the Moor of her ”	It’s Friday . How many people have been forced off their plans and lost their doctors today because of ObamaCare ?
What is the ready for the people ?	Trump National Hudson Valley's 7 , 693 yd , par 72 course features one of the country's great golf courses .
What ’ s a thing to the Great Octavia ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the people ’ s of the people ’ s of her men ’ s her ”	Packed with holiday celebrations , members & , staff are enjoying the first Christmas season at Trump_Charlotte
Great tale of her in his new in our new ” and the other of our purpose and the full of his new ” and his new ” And be his new ”	Rated Toronto's #1 hotel , TrumpTO has 261 guest rooms & , suites furnished in elegant , cosmopolitan style .
Why , that stay the people to the people !	""surferev: realDonaldTrump TrumpGolfDC new course layout is unbelievable . 7800 yds long enough for the PGA or what ? ? "" Thank you !
The way but the way ’ s men ’ s her !	White House relaxes penalty for canceled health policies , a major blow to the sustainability ( and concept ) of ObamaCare ! They are desperate
.	If you fail once , twice , three times , it doesn't matter . Learn from your mistakes and push forward to VICTORY-the sweetest feeling there is !
Who said I have said a long for the time ’ s one ’ s the long in the time I have a long a time to her men ’ s a long a time for a time for the long for a time ’ s time for her	“Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points . ” - Knute Rockne
The Count the Count ’ s that I can do ’ s the state .	ObamaCare Horror Story: “Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration” JamesOKeefeIII strikes again !
I would be a bed , would run for her .	Can’t fool Americans . 57% of uninsured hate ObamaCare Reality is less will be insured b/c of this monstrosity .
Why , not a more if .	Young Entrepreneurs – the Holiday season is here but that is no excuse not to stay on top of your business prospects . Focus !
Who ’ s a very love , that love may do it .	A really nice article about the Blue Monster from “The Street . ”
Who ’ s cause he ’ s men to hear ’ s nature !	Every day Pastor Saeed is imprisoned by Iran is an indictment on Obama’s ‘diplomacy . ’ #SaveSaeed
Why , a much that says it is like a man ’ s more ’ s ’ s ’ s more than it is .	Pres . Obama is about to embark on a 17 day vacation in his ‘native’ Hawaii , putting Secret Service away from families on Christmas . Aloha !
The matter ’ s a ”	No cuts to welfare , no cuts to food stamps & , NOT A SINGLE CUT TO OBAMACARE , yet the new budget cuts military benefits . Sad !
I had a great king today time to her work today .	#TBT Taking piano lessons from my friend Elton John .
.	I am so honored by all the great NY State Repubs who came to my office , called & , wrote for me to run for Governor . If I do , I will win .
I will be her on her men ’ s see the watch .	New York Republican leader EdwardFCox is pushing my friend RobAstorino into political suicide . Results won’t be pleasant !
Who ’ s a ” to her ” to her ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” to her ”	Enough about my ties etc . Macys , but they are doing really big numbers - people love them ( and Macys loves Trump ) !
I will be a bed at her .	""briansaheed: realDonaldTrump Governor Cuomo won't get any real challenge unless it's Mr . Trump . . "" True !
I had a great time as many as a one that ’ s one a great one that had a great men as a great work of her to be as a great one time to prove the time in a time as a great men in one time	""moonorion: You very honorably tried to help #freepastorsaeed when Obama abandoned another Christian . Stand up against #AETV w us now ! ""
Will make a work as the great as his hath his people ’ s work !	""JUrciuoli19: realDonaldTrump 2014 is a big year for Apprentice too ! 10 years ago this January it started ! "" So true , amazing !
The more run for the voice .	""STHRNWAYS: If more people thought like realDonaldTrump the world would be a better place . #TrumpForPresident2016"" Thanks !
The time is the key of her ' em .	""Lowery01: Hey realDonaldTrump where can I buy your shirts and ties in the uk please ? "" Go to Macy's online .
Who ’ s the time ’ s bed , ’ s the time ’ s time ’ s the time ’ s time ’ s bed , come again	""Katdhairstudio: realDonaldTrump josh_hlbrk Trump is addicting"" I'm sure you are also !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s ’ s the people ’ s ”	""Jack_Whiteman: realDonaldTrump All I want for Christmas is more of your ties , great quality ! "" Thanks !
What ’ s soft of her men ’ s crown , — A earth ’ s the earth of the devil ’ s the foul of her of her	""TheChrisRooney: realDonaldTrump my bro lives at your Charlotte property and said the club is fantastic ! "" Great , thanks !
Who ’ s a ass and run for the great her .	""josh_hlbrk: realDonaldTrump If you keep tweeting Macy's advertisements , I will unfollow you . "" No you won't , you're stuck .
Why , and it be a married to a married back .	I like Rob Astorino . He's a friend and really good guy . Sadly , he has ZERO chance of beating Cuomo and the 2 to 1 Dems for governor !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a crown !	""mariadomenique9: realDonaldTrump my brother wears your ties to work everyday . He loves them . He's also a huge fan of yours ! "" Say hello !
Who ’ s a bed ” Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""paulmilton28: Mr Trump . I bought one of your ties when I was in Manhattan . Who is carrying your line here in Toronto ? "" Macy's online .
The hope I hope , I hope , ’ t ’ s nature , I hope , I hope , I hope , I hope , ’ s hope , ’ s the world ’ s men .	Go to Macy's today and buy Trump ties , shirts , suits and cufflinks as a Christmas or holiday present . Great style , great price ! ONLY THE BEST
The fortune are the spirits of fortune , put it in his Antony .	The coolest story is that John Beale , the man who headed up CLIMATE CHANGE for the government , is a proven con man and total phoney . ARRESTED
Who is the golden golden years of his life hath the gold of gold .	The more time you spend feeling sorry for yourself , the more time you waste after a setback . Move on and quickly embrace the next challenge !
The gives you the part of the proud will be with your French soldier .	I just left the Trump Tower atrium--it is packed with great people . #1 tourist attraction in NYC-- Fun ! #TrumpTower
What ’ s her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	For all of those that think life is easy & , don’t want to work , remember: HOPE IS THE POOR MAN’S BREAD .
The more I ’ s the more of her ” And ’ s the man ’ s her of her never of her of her till a bed of her never have a bed of her of her again of her ”	Alternatives are important but first Repubs must repeal ObamaCare . It's an unsustainable monstrosity that's destroying our healthcare .
The great her that his new friend of his great fellow ’ s great and be a fellow .	The Trump Signature Collection is the best menswear design for young entrepreneurs . Great style & , design exclusively available Macys .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	“If you want the best , you’d better be the best – in all aspects of business . ” – Think Like a Billionaire
I see you thou hast a bed	“You can attack , defend , counterattack , sell or ignore . ”-Roger Ailes to Pres . Reagan during prep for 2nd Mondale debate/ '84 election
Who ’ s a ”	I have never met a successful person that was a quitter . Successful people never , ever , give up !
Who ’ s a soldier ’ s a times his Tom ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter for his bed and his Tom ’ s bed and his bed and his Tom ’ s bed !	regis Regis , you are the GREATEST !
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ”	""NinjaDomoEsq: realDonaldTrump should have at least been nominated for an Oscar in Home Alone 2 . "" I agree !
.	""twinmama85: I love the faux confidence gives people on Twitter . . . your haters would never say these things to your face . ""Not haters , losers !
Who ready for the great her that make a great great great great men to make a great great work for the great men ’ s great men ’ s great her come to his great men ’ s great work for his great great men ’ s great	FRACK NOW & , FRACK FAST ! ! ! American prosperity depends on it . Our economic renaissance is here .
Call forth your forth to the time !	Benghazi is now a full blown training center for jihadists Congratulations to the Obama administration .
And it is a hope , I hope , sir , I ’ s a change that the man ’ s man !	GolfweekMag's ""Best GolfweekPhotos of 2013"": Donald Trump at TrumpDoral
Call you the matter ’ s her ’ s ’ s the matter .	ObamaCare Story of the Day: “Florida Cancer Patient Loses Insurance During Treatment B/C of ObamaCare”
Call it her her again for her ”	2013 is the worst year ever for Hollywood . Garbage released after garbage . What is going on in these studios ? !
Who is the best , her best , her ’ s the best of her and the best ’ s the best of her .	“Big jobs usually go to the men who prove their ability to outgrow small ones . ” - Theodore Roosevelt
Call her bed !	Unsustainable . With our $17T debt & , $90T in unfunded liabilities , government “blatantly” wasted $30B this year
Why , my lord ’ s a more ’ s part ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a more ’ s a ”	TrumpScotland’s beautiful MacLeod House & , Lodge offers luxurious accommodations & , dining w/ sea views
Call it no more than the man .	When crowleyCNN defended Obama on Benghazi in the presidential debate , she was defending a complete lie
Why , and my lord , ’ s a man ’ s part .	Congrats to Pres . Obama on having 3 of washingtonpost's “biggest Pinocchios of the year” Great accomplishment !
Call it on a ”	No better place to celebrate New Year’s Eve than TrumpSoHo , the most elite hotel in downtown NYC
Call her her her again .	Prime Minister David_Cameron is very foolish in giving AlexSalmond so much money to build wind turbines which r destroying Scotland .
The place at your place , and it is Love in the Love ’ s Love ’ s thought at the place , and it in the place of it .	Under President Obama , do you think America will become a THIRD WORLD COUNTRY ?
What ’ s a thing ever have a thing ever have a thing that ever have ever a thing ever have a thing ever have ever be a thing that ever a thing ever	Who thinks that President Obama is totally incompetent ?
What ’ s a change this country !	ali_nugent Good luck on your real estate test - you will be the biggest star of all !
This day is the day .	Wow , a really great review of my golf club in Scotland , TrumpScotland , in todaysgolferco . uk . Thank you !
Who ’ s a Who ’ s my lord , and the matter — the heavy the matter and the thing of the thing ’ s the thing of her ”	“Get to the essence immediately . Learn to economize . People appreciate brevity in today’s world . ” – Think Like a Champion
Who would be a her that would be a ” !	Wow , just in-John Beale , the top person in government on climate change ( EPA ) , is a total fraud , and just admitted it ! What can they say now
What ’ s a ” Who ’ s a ” A times ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""brentporter34: #firefightersfordonald You make what I do worth while . I'm holding faith you will run for any office . Thanks Brent !
Why , by her that ’ s a more a ” to her ’ s ’ s a more by a ” to her again .	""PatrickMendezNV: We had a great exchange on Twitter re: you being snubbed for TIME person of the year , realDonaldTrump . Time=no guts !
What ’ s the man know the man knows how a man !	""BlakeGermony: realDonaldTrump the only man that understands politics , #trump2016""
What ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s the best ’ s best ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s the best ’ s men ’ s work are the best ’ s men ’ s work of her men ’ s work are	""illest_beats: realDonaldTrump i think you would be our best president since Reagan""
What ’ s a ” Who says ’ s her wrong of her wrong is the matter of her men ’ s men ’ s her men ’ s her men ”	""0xbloood: ForQ2 realDonaldTrump Hey I LOVE realDonaldTrump He is a man that commands authority"" Thank you !
What ’ s a great men ’ s the might be the sun to the form of the sun , and the great men ’ s men of her be the men of her	We should be focusing on beautiful , clean air & , not on wasteful & , very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit ! China & , others are hurting our air
What ’ s friend of my friend and my friend and my heart With the man ’ s heart With the man ’ s heart with a friend of my bed	They call it ""climate change"" now because the words ""global warming"" didn't work anymore . Same people fighting hard to keep it all going !
The men by her men ’ s the Great Make ’ s the Moor ’ s the Moor of her ”	59% of the United States , by area , is now covered in snow-highest % in many years . The ""global warming"" name isn't working anymore-SORRY !
The more ’ s a good is but the time ’ s ’ s ’ s help !	Wow , it's snowing in Isreal and on the pyramids in Egypt . Are we still wasting billions on the global warming con ? MAKE USA COMPETITIVE !
What ’ s a man !	President Obama and other world leaders don't know how close they were to being seriously injured ( or worse ) standing next to psycho in SA .
Who ’ s my voice of her .	""JoshinAk: BillyHallowell I just bought one of his shirts for my wife's Christmas party . Great quality . Got lots of compliments ! Great !
What strong , ’ s a man ’ s bed by her ”	The United States is experiencing the coldest weather in decades with vast amounts of snow blanketing many states . Pendulum has swung to cool
And he comes to him that he comes .	Macys The Donald J . Trump signature line of shirts , ties , really beautiful suits and cufflinks is the best Christmas & , holiday gift by far
Look to the matter , not the matter .	Have a GREAT weekend everybody - enjoy yourself but always keep your goals and aspirations in mind . Never lose sight of the victory ahead !
What , be your love .	VanityFair I love to see garbage properly disposed of which is why I like watching the dismal circulation numbers of Vanity Fair-IT'S DEAD
Well , good , ’ s a good be .	I really like Nelson Mandela but South Africa is a crime ridden mess that is just waiting to explode-not a good situation for the people !
Who ’ s a ho !	“Is business success a natural talent ? I think it’s a combination of aptitude , work and luck . ” – Think Like a Champion
Call them !	The evidence continues to mount against lightweight AGSchneiderman . It is time for JCOPE and Moreland Commissions to act .
Who is the sun in her bed , Who ’ ll be the sun ?	PolitiFact’s #LieOfTheYear is Obama’s if you like your health care plan , you can keep it . Wrong . It’s the lie of the decade .
Who ’ s a one ?	Via gatewaypundit: “Please Pray for Me . . . I Am Losing My Insurance” Just one of the millions of cases like this . . .
He hath a thousand of her that ’ s a man ’ s some other of some other .	Now Sebelius is “'urging' insurers to cover people who haven't paid” Complete mess . Enrollment Numbers are a sham .
What , you can , what you have , you have , where you are you are .	The ill-conceived windfarm that AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year . Only a fool would build it or want it !
.	If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
The one gave a good speech of her speech .	Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen got delayed by at least two years . AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay !
I will be a man ’ s bed at the morning .	The talk in Albany is that JCOPE & , Moreland Commissions are taking my complaint against lightweight ( cont )
Who ’ s her “ Who ’ s her ” !	Sources inside AGSchneiderman’s office are saying that they are very concerned with the allegations against their lightweight boss .
Call her bed !	My complaint against AGSchneiderman is a “case study” for JCOPE & , Moreland Commissions on everything that is wrong with NYS politics .
The last I am to her last night , a last night !	Economics behind ugly , bird killing wind turbines do not work--will destroy Scotland's beautiful coastline . ( cont )
Good the great as the great as great as there !	Can you believe that the corrupt and pathetic South Africa police force has yet to arrest the sign language guy . Such danger-give 10 years !
Call her that run .	What a sad thing that the memory of Nelson Mandela will be stained by the phoney sign language moron who is in every picture at funeral !
And ’ s one of her ” Who in her ” ’ s her ?	""Markhousego Myself & , realDonaldTrump back in the summer . Great place & , a great man . Thx Mark
Call it a poor speech , her good speech .	""Lisa_Smith70 A real president wouldn't take a selfie during ANY memorial service . #NelsonMandelaMemorial""
Call her to her bed In her bed .	How amazing , the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today . All others lived
Why , a more a work with a man ’ s man ’ s great .	I hope you all are looking at the Donald J . Trump Signature Collection of ties , shirts & , cufflinks Macys—great for Christmas & , holidays .
What ’ s king of her ?	Exciting news—After massive construction , the Blue Monster at Trump National Doral is open for business today .
.	A $1 . 5B website that can only handle 50K users at a time is sad but no surprise !
I thank you and keep the great work !	Our prayers are with Rev . BillyGraham for a speedy recovery . His faith continues to inspire us all .
Great the office tonight	Via PatheosFamily by BristolsBlog: ""Trump Weighs In on Saeed: Obama 'Didn’t Even Ask'"" Thanks Bristol !
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Had dinner last night at Megu , 845 United Nations Plaza--fabulous food , beautiful restaurant .
Will you be a ” “ Who ’ s her ”	Via ChristianPost ""NaghmehAbedini to Testify at New Congressional Hearing on Persecution of Pastor Saeed Abedini""
Give her her her her again ”	Via theblaze by BillyHallowell:“DONALD TRUMP BLASTS OBAMA FOR FAILING TO SECURE CHRISTIAN PASTOR’S FREEDOM IN IRAN”
Who ’ s eyes ’ s eyes of her eyes for her ”	This is one of the COLDEST WINTERS ever , freezing all over the country for long periods of time ! So much for GLOBAL WARMING .
Call her to her bed In her bed .	I will be on Piers Morgan Live tonight at 9 p . m . on CNN . Tune in !
Call her her again ” Who ’ s bed	The atrium of TrumpTowerNY dressed up for Christmas-
Why , a more a work with a man ’ s man ’ s great .	BenCooner RED931FM SCOTTHALLNWO Jassisidhu b_coalition WWE 0 Happy Birthday Sarina .
Who ’ s a bed , Who ’ s her !	Let Pete into the Hall of Fame- PeteRose_14
Who ’ s a	""marianne_hund thank you for helping free Saeed Abedini . I pray God blesses you and that a Christmas miracle is in the works ! "" Thx
The day of the day I have the follow upon the end !	Why does Conde Nast allow dopey Graydon Carter to run bad food restaurants while running failing VanityFair magazine ?
Call her her again .	President Obama's approval rating , at 38% , is at an all-time low . Gee , I wonder why ?
What ’ s the will be a more !	""LBabcock2: We've been covered through my husbands job for 40 years with excellent ins . Next year it all changes""
Look you , you ’ s a more than the Moor !	TrumpDoral The brand new Blue Monster at Trump National Doral has recieved GREAT reviews from the golf critics . Check it out-opens Dec . 14
What ’ s a man ’ s bed , I ’ ll be a man ’ ll be a ” I ’ s one of a ”	TrumpDoral The Blue Monster at Trump National Doral opens for play on Saturday morning after a massive rebuilding - brand new course !
What ’ s a soldier !	""kasek_craig: Can someone please explain how my obamacare insurance is twice as expensive as my cancelled insurance . . can't afford this""
Why , a pray you be the matter for the matter for the matter ’ s part of the more ’ s a more ’ s a one of her be a ”	""BobSmit98038199: realDonaldTrump AGSchneiderman botox botox botox botox""
Who hath two “ Who hath a work !	It's amazing how badly the Knicks and Nets are playing . Everybody predicted they would be top teams with all of the money spent . Too bad !
Who ’ s a bed !	Great going to all of Dubai in winning what will be a fantastic #Expo2020 - we will all be there !
Give ’ s a bed a bed a man ’ s part of her ' ll run .	Via ACLJ: ""Pastor Saeed's Wife Expresses Gratitude to Donald Trump for Raising Her Husband's Plight""
Who is he best the best that the best that the best of the best ’ s the best of the best ’ s the best that the best of her that the best that the better for that the better for the better for him .	""borland_jim After staying at the Trump International Hotel and Tower in NYC everything else seems subpar . "" Thank you .
You have the better upon the Moor !	""RonaldRosenthal BillHemmer realDonaldTrump PeteRose_14 LET PETE Rose in ! ! ! YES ! ! ! ! he deserves it""
If you run for the crown for her men ’ s ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times the work of her ”	Re Kerry admitting to “working” for Pastor Abedini’s release--why has US already released Iranian spies & , nuclear scientist ? Dumb !
Ay , her her .	. JohnKerry claims he has ""never stopped working” f/Pastor Abedini’s release through “back channels . "" Where are the results ?
What ’ s a a man ’ s a sister ’ s the lady ’ s her call ’ s a Margaret	""YMatthews956 Have u ever considered meeting w/ Obama ? He might be open to your wisdom & , business savvy . "" I doubt it !
Our ’ s a good man in her ”	""DaveInChrist realDonaldTrump EncouragedEve NaghmehAbedini This is great ! ! How awesome of Mr . Trump ! "" Thank you .
Call her her her again .	""brucesteve52 realDonaldTrump NaghmehAbedini Thank you for caring for this family and their need . God bless you ! "" Thank you .
Who ’ s true that I love ’ s love ’ s love !	""DavidSBaldwin realDonaldTrump & , #NelsonMandela . Both legends . "" Wow , what a compliment .
O a god .	""kayvbb realDonaldTrump NaghmehAbedini Thank you for raising awareness on her plight ! ! "" My honor .
Call her her bed !	After climbing a great hill , one only finds that there are many more hills to climb . -- Nelson Mandela
The more of her hear her ” and his Fair and the sun .	A beautiful view from my office today-
Give the our country ’ s country !	“Know from the inside out that you have the power to succeed and you will . ” – Think Like a Champion
The one is the one of her and I did have some other of her ' s one , and that is the one of her ” And that I did come to her	. MarkHalperin’s and John Heilemann’s book , Double Down , is an excellent read on the just passed election . Great book , congrats ! jheil
And ’ s a while ’ s more than it .	Come on MLB , do the right thing ! Let PeteRose_14 into the Hall . No drugs—just hard work and talent !
Faith , and the people have the people in the people in the matter and the matter for her ”	Great meeting with NaghmehAbedini the wonderful wife of Christian Pastor Saeed , who is in Iranian prison . #savesaeed
Our wonder of a good good friend ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	How can NYS allow lightweight AGSchneiderman to remain in office ? What are JCOPE & , Moreland Commissions waiting on ?
Call up the place of her again !	Illegal use of official Attorney General stationary by lightweight AGSchneiderman .
I thank you !	Via worldnetdaily by MichaelCarl7: “Trump: Obama blew chance to free USA pastor”
Let her be run for the time We ’ s ’ s ’ s coming .	Iran must immediately allow Christian #PastorSaeed out of prison or we should put back sanctions ( which should never have been lifted )
Who ’ s a work !	Naghmeh Abedini , the lovely wife of the Christian Pastor Saeed being held in an Iranian jail , just left my office . #savesaeed
Come , I pray you be a bed !	State Senator Shirley Huntley ""ratted"" on black politicians & , was believed--when she ratted on AGSchneiderman , nobody listened . Racism !
What never is never in the will be seen on you !	Major League Baseball: The best thing you can do is let PeteRose_14---your all time hits leader---into the Hall of Fame . It's time !
.	""koos32 realDonaldTrump Donald , you also belong in the same category as a great leader . The US needs you ! "" Thanks .
If you run a bed , I ’ s her ’ s the other of her ' th ' ll run a bed , if thou be a bed , ’ s bed	""warrencasselljr Watching The Apprentice UK . Not as good as realDonaldTrump's Apprentice . "" True !
The people ’ s a hours of the hours ’ s the hours of the matter .	""adamricheal DonaldTrump for Pres 2016 America's economy needs his business Midas Touch & , no nonsense approach"" Thx .
What ’ s my lord , to her love , And on the love !	If Graydon Carter's very dumb bosses would fire him for his terrible circulation numbers at failing Vanity Fair-his bad food restaurants die
Fair , you thank you .	The ill-conceived windfarm that AlexSalmond is pushing for Aberdeen will lose $50 million a year . Only a fool would build it or want it !
Call her , “ Call ’ s bed , run !	“You can't put a limit on anything . The more you dream , the farther you get . ” - MichaelPhelps
Who ’ s a man ’ s bed of her ” to her ”	Bird killing windfarm that I oppose in Aberdeen just got delayed by at least two years . AlexSalmond forced the failing developers to delay !
Thanks !	""DennyHuntington foxandfriends I look forward to you on Mondays ! Always insightful conversations"" Thanks
I thank you .	WH claims it lied about Pres . Obama living with his uncle b/c “wasn’t mentioned in his book . ” I guess Bill Ayers never knew about it !
Who by a one that ’ s bed with her that ’ s ”	Where’s the leadership ? Obama only met with Sebelius ONCE since ObamaCare passed His signature legislation . . .
Why , by that speak of her , ' s ' s ' s ' s ' s one of her speak of her speak of her speak of them ”	Graydon Carter , whose reign over failing VanityFair has been a disaster , has acted in two movies--both bombed & , got bad reviews .
Why , by her ” ’ s bed ’ s ' s ' s ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	It’s time for PeteRose_14 to enter MLB’s BaseballHall . All time hits leader has paid the price .
Be you , and think you may think , you have the state ; and know ’ s her men , and think you may be her men can be her men , and think .	Congrats to JoeTorre , TonyLaRussa & , Bobby Cox on all being unanimously elected to MLB’s BaseballHall ! Great leaders & , managers .
Call it out of the water .	As always & , due to popular demand , TrumpRink will be open Christmas eve & , day as well as New Year's eve & , day
.	“Learn , know , and show . It’s a proven formula . Put it to use starting today . ” – Think Like a Champion
Call her her her never never more than the more .	""wakafee1017 realDonaldTrump Everyone should look at what he has done & , take notes if you want to be successful . "" Thx
Why , my lord , ’ s a place of this country !	“Courageous people do not fear forgiving , for the sake of peace . ” – Nelson Mandela
What ’ s a man in the great fellow !	Via bluegreentweet: ""Scottish wind farm opposed by Donald Trump delayed""
What ’ s a man ’ s that had been made it .	""discretepi4you foxandfriends I look forward to your segment every week . Clear , concise and common sense ! "" Thanks .
Who thank her that have her her work .	""foolishvessel - was so awesome u hosted NaghmehAbedini this week ! Please give it ur utmost to #FreeSaeed ! "" I will !
The body ’ s daughter !	Just read PiersMorgan’s book “Shooting Straight” and whether you love him or hate him ( I’m in the first category ) , it is terrific .
If the men run in the country ’ s country ’ s death .	Just left Florida , amazing how well State is doing-- jobs way up , taxes down . Congrats to FLGovScott
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	I really enjoy doing foxandfriends every Monday at 7 AM . sdoocy , ehasselbeck and kilmeade are great people .
Why , by her men ’ s last we ’ s another thing ’ s another thing is ’ s another thing by another thing ’ s last thing ’ s thing ’ s ”	The Unaffordable Care Act , sometimes referred to as ObamaCare , is not working . Millions of people are losing their plans and doctors-fraud !
Call her her “ Call her bed !	Obama said he never met his uncle , Oscar , who was arrested for whatever . Turns out he lived with his uncle in Boston . SO MANY LIES !
Who , her “ Cassio ’ s people ’ s people had a great great great great great Give her ”	""CONKJR: did you tour TrumpGolfLA . One of the best golf courses in the world with one of the best supers in Martin Howard"" Thank you !
The matter they ’ s a matter !	VanityFair Wow , I just looked at the circulation numbers - Vanity Fair Magazine won't be around much longer , it's really in bad shape !
Call her again .	Just got back to New York from California . Will be on Fox & , Friends tomorrow morning at 7 . 00 . ObamaCare and other disasters to be discussed
What ’ s a hear , and thou wouldst not my voice !	P . S . - There is also something really good to say about humility . Being confident and humble is a great combination , maybe the best of all !
I will be by the people , and her , And then !	People are always asking me about the very special word , CONFIDENCE . The fact is there is ( almost ) nothing like it . Is derived from winning !
I know the if that will be , if she run to the time , and the time !	Show me someone without an ego , and I'll show you a loser - having a healthy ego , or high opinion of yourself , is a real positive in life !
What ’ s the men are run ?	LoisPope1 Word is that the dinner tonight at Mar-a-Lago , hosted by the incomparable Lois Pope , was fabulous . Big money raised for charity
Who ’ s a ”	""HMunjal: You're one of the most educated , handsome and sophisticated men that I know of . Men should aspire to be like you . "" Thank you !
.	In making big money , knowledge is far more important than any other ingredient , including money itself !
He is out this the wonder of our peace to the heavens ’ s our peace to the way to the sun ’ s heart of this .	My father Fred Trump left me a relatively small amount of money ( compared to where I am today-over $10 billion ) but vast amount of knowledge
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	""beandp749: « I like thinking big . If you’re going to be thinking anything , you might as well think big . »Donald Trump""
A fair her be by the morning both in the morning both in her ”	""SportsProverbs: Winners see problems as just another way to prove themselves . – Donald Trump""
Who ’ s a	""TimLeman: realDonaldTrump What was one thing others underestimated about you ? "" That I never give up !
Call her men her country .	""_TrevorJames: I'd work for realDonaldTrump for free"" I love that !
.	""MissUniversNEWS: Miss Universe 2012 oliviaculpo with the boss realDonaldTrump during #MissUniverse2013 #ThrowBack
The world is he is like a more ’ s ’ s .	Don't underestimate yourself--or your possibilities . There are always opportunities .
Why , by her men ’ s her ' s great hours of her ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	“After every setback , start thinking big as soon as possible . ” - Think Big
What ’ s a ” “ Who says ’ s her ”	trumthomp Thanks .
What she is a come to her , come to her ”	My shirts , ties & , cufflinks Macys have never been better or more beautiful . Great holiday gifts , great price .
.	It's Friday . How much money has been wasted on defunct ObamaCare website today ?
What ’ s a soldier .	The now $1 . 2B ObamaCare website is as bad as ever-- insurers not getting the proper data .
Why , you thank you !	Looking forward to hosting NaghmehAbedini next week TrumpTowerNY . The White House has abandoned her husband , Christian Pastor Abedini .
Why , that is an a wonder in the field .	Iran has never had a better friend than Obama .
The better that will lead to her men .	Steps away from Waikiki's famous beaches , TrumpWaikiki is Hawaii’s top destination w/our signature amenities
No more .	Trump Tower at Century City brings luxury to Makati , the financial & , social capital of Philippines
Call her her her lord .	. BillBratton was a great choice for NYC Police Commissioner . He will make us proud , and safe !
What ’ s wonder !	KBetter52 Thank you .
Who , my speech from this speech of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' st my speech of her again from the work of her ”	We should be focused on magnificently clean and healthy air and not distracted by the expensive hoax that is global warming !
Who ’ s a most most most most most most most most most like a most like a most born !	""HHShkMohd: To all people in the UAE: your support and enthusiasm fuelled our victory at Dubai #Expo2020 . Congratulations , a fantastic win !
What ’ s a bed , ’ s a sun should hear a bed	Nicole_Tri16 TrumpTowerNY Thank you .
The other of her that have been in the other hours and one ’ s new chamber at the other of her ” to her ” to her ”	""bonz21 realDonaldTrump because you tell it like it is and the liberal media can't stand it ! Keep blasting away ! ""Thx
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	RobertW33157775 Thanks .
What ’ s a fair a place !	Ice storm rolls from Texas to Tennessee - I'm in Los Angeles and it's freezing . Global warming is a total , and very expensive , hoax !
The next week for the next week with her ” .	""happypaultk realDonaldTrump look what heavy winds did to one of our Scottish wind turbines""
What ’ s that I will run and run , I will make this great great men ’ s great men ’ s great men have ’ s great men ’ s men to be his men of this country ’ s great men ’ s great their country ,	It always seems impossible until it is done . --Nelson Mandela
Who ’ s a	A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination . -- Nelson Mandela
What ’ s a ”	Nelson Mandela and myself had a wonderful relationship--he was a special man and will be missed .
What ’ s thou art thou a times ’ st thou thou art ' st ’ st thou thou thou art ' st thou thou thou thou art again for ’ st thou thou art again a ”	""You have to learn the rules of the game . And then you have to play better than anyone else . "" -- Albert Einstein
What ’ s a good of a good friend ’ s a good friend ’ s ’ s ’ s a good a ” would make a good friend of her be a good friend ’ s a good friend of her good friend ’ s	Leaving today for California to inspect my fantastic golf course & , club on the Palos Verdes peninsula . Big success .
The more ’ s a general ’ s the general ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the world would be the world ’ s men of her of her ’ s men ’ s ’ s men ’ s .	Why is it that when Warren Buffett uses the bankruptcy laws to his benefit , nobody cares , but with me they go nuts !
The more ’ s ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter will be a ”	Off shore windfarms being abandoned in droves throughout world—too expensive to build & , operate—don’t work . ( cont )
The matter of the light , the light , make them the light .	. VattenfallGroup wants out of their Aberdeen windfarm fiasco so badly but AlexSalmond won’t let them—he’s ( cont )
Who in the people had been “ Who in the matter for ’ s part in the matter for the matter for the thing of her ”	. VattenfallGroup couldn’t sell its money losing Aberdeen windfarm—so AlexSalmond forced phony extension . AberdeenCC Aberdeenshire
The more be with the very of the Moor .	The problem w/ the concept of ""global warming"" is that the USA is spending a fortune on ""fixing it"" while China & , others do nothing !
The men by the Moor ’ s the Great Make ’ s the Moor ’ s of the Moor ’ s of her ”	Wow , record setting cold temperatures throughout large parts of the country . Must be global warming , I mean climate change !
Who with a “ Who ’ s a ” a ” a ”	Our billion dollar website-
Why , good , and say you from her , ’ s more , and thank you !	A special message for Martin Bashir-
Who by her “ Who ’ s a many of many times	Congrats to msnbc for firing Martin Bashir—don’t feel badly , he didn’t get ratings anyway . SarahPalinUSA
Make a heads more heads ’ s the heads and some hour !	Sleazebag BashirLive has just been forced to resign from msnbc . His pathetic apology wasn’t enough to save his job . SarahPalinUSA
Call us a soldier ’ s soldier ’ s ’ s the air !	""I never did give anybody hell . I just told the truth and they thought it was hell . "" --Harry S . Truman
What ’ s a time For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more ’ s again For ’ s bed For ’ s bed For ’ s bed For ’ s bed For ’ s bed .	""To become a champion , fight one more round . "" -- James J . Corbett , long ago Heavyweight Champion
Not a Nothing , as he ’ s a man ’ s man ’ s one of the Nothing as he ’ s one of a work , and the men as the men ’ s men ’ s men .	""Those who lack courage will always find a philosophy to justify it . "" -- Albert Camus
What ’ s that to be my lord , and I would be so , would I would be a thing , and be a thing to be a thing to be a thing to be my lord !	""dsing33: DonaldJTrumpJr realDonaldTrump who will run the Trump empire when Trump Sr is president ? ""
What ’ s her to be the matter to the matter ’ s man ’ s the matter to be the matter to the thing to the thing of her hours .	Denver , Minnesota and others are bracing for some of the coldest weather on record . What are the global warming geniuses saying about this ?
Who ’ s a ” ’ s host in the host .	“The road to Easy Street goes through the sewer . ” – John Madden
Faith , sir , for her that ’ s her ” and her that ’ s her ?	There are no short cuts to any place worth going . -- Beverly Sills
Why , and my lord , I will be great give him .	New reality . Yuan just passed the Euro as 2nd most traded finance currency Our leaders better get smart fast .
Give her a pray you have a bed for her ' s ' s ' ll run for a bed and be a bed , come to be a bed	Wow , it’s now official . ObamaCare website has topped $1B Will soon be up to $1 . 5B
I will be a more than a more than a very thousand ' s and have a very .	Candy_Uptigrove Thanks .
Who ’ s a ”	codyaa722 Yes , it will happen .
The him that Brutus hath given me today .	TrumpSoHo’s four restaurants provide guests with a wide range of choices , each embodying excellence
What ’ s a woman of his fears do to do he ’ s .	TrumpChicago Grand Deluxe Suites = Chicago’s most spacious hotel rooms , each w/ 10 ft floor to ceiling windows
Call it her her again ?	PaulSRiddell Thank you .
Call it a hear her ” .	wakimotho Thanks .
Who ’ s a crown , and name ’ s name ’ s work !	Brown97M Thank you .
Who is gone already his wit but his company .	StefThomason Great !
Who ’ s a ”	puddlejumper365 You have to have passion for your work . That's most important . Then keep your focus intact . Good luck .
Call it to speak of a good note .	You can only smile when the losers of the world try so hard to put down successful people . Just remember , they all want to be YOU !
Call you to a voice .	With few exceptions , only really smart people are able to make a lot of money . Hard work is also important , but ""brains"" will supersede .
Who ’ s a	""lloyd156_: realDonaldTrump doesnt give a fuck , he just tells it like it is lol LEGEND"" A very honest person , thanks !
Who ’ s a ”	I just filed a major ethics complaint against crooked New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman-he should resign from office !
Call her her again .	Too bad about New York Magazine , but there's a much bigger one out there , currently doing a story on me to get even , that I'll soon discuss !
What thank you !	President Obama played golf yesterday ? ? ?
Who will be the will be the thousand of the hours .	Remember I predicted that New York Magazine would fold and people scoffed ? Just announced ( N . Y . Post ) it lost big $'s & , is cutting way back !
Who did they loved you there ’ s bed !	""BowlingMatthew: Andrew Carnegie was the Donald Trump of early 1900's . He didn't take crap from anybody . "" A great compliment !
Call it !	""JGlennard: realDonaldTrump incredible level of customer service TrumpPanama . Best guest experience ever #Levels"" Thanks .
What ’ s the men ’ s bed ?	""dm3300: realDonaldTrump TEApublican Donald Trump for President ! ! "" Interesting !
Who to her word ?	Laker_Steve Thanks Steve !
Come to be , and be better , and think ’ s more than the better .	""Slucas8Lucas: I wish you would run for Pres . . We need someone with a big pair to help un-screw our countries future . Do it for children""
What ’ s a say ’ s a man !	“If you don't have time to do it right , when will you have time to do it over ? ” - John Wooden
What ’ s ho ’ s a ” ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s years ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” Will you ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed of her ”	Here we go again via timesunion . com . . . another bad deal .
Who hath been her that was his daughters to his ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter of his men ’ s work of his men ’ s work of his men ’ s work is his work to his work ’ s	griffithspb Thanks .
What ’ s her that ’ s men ’ s lost the people have been on ’ s men ’ s ’ s men ’ s work of her ”	""StephenWancha realDonaldTrump TrumpCollection great to see you building more in Canada ! ! ! "" Thanks .
The more ’ s her that ’ s more ’ s .	clary77 Thank you .
Who every man ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s a dream ’ s dream of the more a dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s a dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream ’ s dream	KevRedford Have fun , enjoy NYC .
Who is the the men ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter .	“Build your reputation on intelligence , responsibility , and results . That’s building the right way . ” – Think Like a Champion
Who ’ s a	Congratulations to the White House . For every 1 ObamaCare enrollment there are 44 cancellation notices . Very unfair !
The means would be of her voice , if he did .	Dying GQMagazine just named me to a list . Too bad GQ is no longer relevant—won’t be around long !
The more ’ s a good see .	Many great business campaigns at fundanything Great way to support small upstarts .
Who ’ s a ” not the matter ’ s the matter , ’ s ’ s ’ s the more ’ s men ’ s the men ’ s bed , a ”	Trump Int . Hotel & , Tower Vancouver will transform the skyline w/ its 616 ft twisting & , beautiful tower
Great was a Cassio at her men ’ s ’ s ' s ’ s ’ s ’ s thought at the people ’ s men ’ s men of her men ’ s bed at her	A fine man , Dr . Paul F . Crouch , has just passed away . All Christians are grateful for his wonderful life and work . TBN
Who ’ s a ”	pinguspusher Thank you .
The more the will needs the other will run for the other of her ' s run for the other of the way .	""FFXFamilyFun:My boy ( 6 ) is REALLY into PassGoMonopoly and getting RE so I call him Trump Jr ( nicely ! ) . Hope you don't mind ! , ) "" My honor
Why , and we will call it with me .	The least number of hurricanes in the USA in decades . So they change global warming ( too cold ) to climate change-now what will they call it
.	""AmyRusso108: Thank God there is still someone in America that won't roll over for Obama and his ridiculousness ! Sue the pants off NY AG ! ""
Who ’ s a ” He ’ s his crown ’ s crown ’ s crown ’ s the sun ’ s men of his men ’ s men ’ s his men ’ s crown of his men ’ s crown ’ s crown of his crown ’ s	""skew11: I hope and know realDonaldTrump will win in court . Very bad what the AG did to him & , Trump University ! ""
The court of the court of a jest .	That was a great football game .
Why , by a doubt that ’ s doubt of a wonder to her ”	10AJMcCarron AJ is a GREAT quarterback who is finally being recognized as such - a total winner . What a pass !
The heavens of the heavens of her men ’ s ’ s ’ s the world ’ s of the world ’ s of the earth ’ s men ’ s men ’ s bed at the sun ’ s bed at her men ’ s bed at her	Wow , the ObamaCare website , which President Obama said would be working TODAY , is a total mess with many functions not even thought about !
Who and her ”	""pbaratelli: realDonaldTrump also mention charity payment when PGA tour comes there for the event . "" True !
Who hath the Moor hath his second bed of her chamber toward her ”	""SueJaneRoberts: realDonaldTrump Any thing u work on is awesome"" Thanks .
Who ’ s a work with her ”	""AgnesphAgnes: realDonaldTrump Mr . Trump has the Midas Touch ! "" Thank you , very nice !
Who hath been her that was his time to his time , ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s	Just left $259 million rebuilding of Doral in Miami . Amazing - Trump National Doral will be a masterpiece ( if I do say so myself ) !
What ’ s a ” Will ’ s a ” as ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""jimmymcgreevy: realDonaldTrump Macys ties r awesome ! "" Thanks !
Who ’ s a ” and her ”	""paulmilton28: realDonaldTrump Macys love the Ties ! ! Great selection of colours . "" They are a big hit , thanks .
Who is the men ’ s a soldier in the Shall be in the man in the matter of her ”	""RColdwellBanker: realDonaldTrump Macys great ties ! Wear them help gives me the power to sell real estate out here in Scottsdale , AZ !
The means would be of her voice , if he did .	""scdtan: realDonaldTrump Macys Very classy stuff mr . trump great christmas gifts . "" True and thanks !
What ’ s a work of her mad !	""Rodzillatron1: Definitely added to my collection . great product RT “realDonaldTrump: I hope you buy my shirts and ties at Macys” Great !
.	I hope you buy my shirts and ties at Macys
Why , is a true of this country ’ s country .	""fay aberdeedshire How the Green movement kills: 31 , 000 excess winter deaths in Britain last year . Each turbine kills 6 pensioners . ""
Who ’ s a ”	Today is the day that ObamaCare website was supposed to be up and working . WRONG-website is closed down , a total disaster ! 90 million doomed
Who ’ s his daughters ' th ' work and work .	""Al_Co: realDonaldTrump Wind Turbines are Ugly and a FRAUD . Remove them . UK is going down the gutter . "" aberdeenshire AlexSalmond
Give me a good man ’ s a man ’ s part of a part of the other ’ s turn of a man ’ s bed and be a ”	""noturbine: realDonaldTrump Wind turbines kill up to 39 million birds a year , Industry hides evidence of kills
What ’ s I pray you , the country 's country !	""WalterHorsting: Arctic Ice Extent Highest In A Decade via wordpressdotcom""
The more .	""TundraSwans: Wind turbine projects are destroying rural Ont . Wind energy is a scam originally pushed by scamster Ken Lay of Enron
The men , be in the men can be can be of help .	Offshore Wind in Europe: Lessons for the USA via HuffPostGreen The lesson should be that it's a lousy idea ! ! ! ""
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	""windwatchorg: No more wind turbines , county tells province:Wind farm developers should look elsewhere than Duffe . . .
Who ’ s a friend to her chamber tonight tonight tonight tonight have been in the Moor again To have a ” to her again tonight again tonight again tonight have a again To her again tonight Which ’ s bed and her again tonight i ' s bed	""faykellytuncay: LORDS OF WINDFARMS: How Britain’s richest landowners are making millions from turbines
The day , it is the day of the day .	""noturbine: Turbines will also kill more birds than developer will admit to & , ruin lives of folks living close & , not reduce CO2
Who ’ s talk , but this man ’ s the man ’ s one of the man ’ s bed .	""NoWindAlabama: Beautiful ! Let's keep it that way . #turbinefree RT Bamagirl_4_ever: Sunset on Sand Mountain . aberdeenshire AlexSalmond
The great my son in my son , my son with my son of my son , The great son of my son , my son , and my son with my son with my son and my son , my son .	""SOS2day: Guilty plea in bird deaths at wind farms a first - New York News AlexSalmond aberdeenshire
Come on the matter , Who 's men ’ s her ’ s ”	""noturbine:West Palm Beach , FL industrial wind farm scrapped Thousands of birds/bats saved from death AlexSalmond aberdeenshire
Who shall be best day ?	First Minister Salmond should stop his fruitless drive for obsolete wind turbines in Scotland-he would become popular again ! alexsalmond
What , ’ s a hope is the next again !	""dhowejr7: realDonaldTrump graeme123s jUST WANTED TO SAY THANKYOU . YOUR A GREAT MAN"" Thank you !
I thank you !	""graeme123s: realDonaldTrump you'll never know what impact your tweets have on followers lives"" Thank you , so nice !
Who ’ s a people ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ ll come to the people ’ s men ’ s ’ s men ’ s ’ s a ”	Trump International in Dubai will be one of the great projects anywhere in the world . Congratulations to damacofficial for their genius !
Call it .	Congratulations to Dubai on winning the rights to host Expo 2020 ! A great place winning a major global event . damacofficial dubaiexpo2020
Look the the duke from her never found the more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th	My ties , shirts and cufflinks have never been more beautiful-THE BEST-available at Macy's !
Why , we ’ s better one .	Work begins on the Old Post Office in Washington D . C . in 3 months . It will soon become one of the great hotels of the world .
Why , we ’ s her that ’ s love .	I am in Miami at Trump National Doral . Just gave out contract to build a new ballroom and luxury suites . Blue Monster complete-opens Dec 14 .
Call in this country !	RSPBScotland RSPB IS A TOTAL JOKE-They went for bird chopping wind turbines in Aberdeenshire and fought me on bird friendly golf course !
This is , if thou hast the men in her men ’ s bed .	RSPBScotland alexsalmond , the same man that released Pan Am terrorist for humane reasons , will destroy Scotland with grotesque turbines !
What say you say ’ s great a great men ’ s great great a great a great a great a great men ’ s great a great men say ’ s a great her ”	RSPBScotland must fight to save the massive bird population which will be devastated by wind turbines in Aberdeenshire . alexsalmond
Who is the men ’ s ’ s the things is done the matter of the matter ’ s people ’ s men ’ s the people may be done of her men ’ s men ’ s people may be done he ’ s people have done ”	""ThirdForceNews: Should the golden eagle be Scotland's national bird ? RSPBScotland"" Won't be any left alive-wind turbines killing them all
Ay , her that Ay , sir , so sick of her bed	""RSPBScotland: Thanks to everyone supporting the petition to make the golden #eagle Scotland's national bird ! Being KILLED by wind turbines
Will be on the morning , that morning 's many morning , and this morning , and be on the morning , and be the morning , of the morning , Will you have been at the morning —	HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE , ENJOY YOUR DAY !
Why , we ’ s a more ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a more ’ s a ” as you ’ s one ’ s ”	I truly believe that our country has the worst and dumbest negotiators of virtually any country in the world .
Who ’ s a ” Who ’ s people ’ s the other of the matter .	Can you believe that ""President"" Karzai of Afghanistan is holding out for more , more , more and refuses to sign deal . Tell him to go to hell !
The sun ’ s the sun .	Despite the fact that I have had great success with the words YOU'RE FIRED , I do not like firing people . But ZERO on ObamaCare mess-no way !
Who was a men that have been made a doubt but the name of her true .	Why doesn't President Obama simply apologize for telling a big fat lie , announce that ObamaCare was a mistake , and deal a really great plan !
What , look you , a fool .	US froze $8B in Iranian assets during ’79 Hostage Crisis . Now Obama is giving it back to Iran while Christian Pastor is jailed . Don't do it !
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s a ”	Happy Thanksgiving to all--even the haters and losers !
For ’ s a one that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” for her be a ”	Tell Iran to let our Christian Pastor go--and I mean right now . If they don't , there will be hell to pay .
Why , the way ’ s her have lost the matter for the matter and the matter may be lost of the Moor and the work of her men have lost him for her	Make sure to enjoy your time with your family during the holiday . It is a special time . Love and appreciate your family .
Who so ’ s the two have ’ s men to her ”	The $1B failed website is the tip of the iceberg on the ObamaCare . Over 90 million estimated will lose their plans next year .
Who ’ s a ”	""Iranian officials say that the WH is misleading public about the details of an interim nuclear agreement""
Who ’ s a her ” ’ s a ”	War on the families . Price of electricity hit record high in October Terrible , especially during holiday season .
Who ’ s a	Reigning ApprenticeNBC Champion TraceAdkins does great work with wwpinc . Donate to an Injured Warrior today
The best will seek the best of her .	Via MoscowTimes: ""Donald Trump in New eminofficial Video"" Emin & , family are wonderful people .
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” and a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s bed and ” For	Come celebrate Thanksgiving in the Windy City at TrumpChicago’s 5 Star , 5 Diamond ""Sixteen"" restaurant
Who ’ s a	thesween_bean Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving .
What ’ s a man can run our love be our bed !	""jeffbuehrle realDonaldTrump Macys Really like the ties . Have a handful and they are my favorite . "" Use them well !
A great his purpose .	PatrickJFSmith Thanks .
What ’ s a man is done !	SeanKAnderson Great !
I ’ ll speak of a voice .	Via worldnetdaily: ""JAILED USA PASTOR'S WIFE PRAISES TRUMP: 'I hope more people like him will speak out'""
.	CDaeda RSPBScotland Natures_Voice No way , they are bird killing machines .
A “ ' s a ” ’ s a ”	FrankMDavisJR TrumpTowerNY Thanks .
Call the more your never more than the great soldier .	mckay317 TrumpTowerNY I will check it out , thanks .
The best ’ s best ’ s the best .	Mr . President , tell Iran to immediately free the CHRISTIAN PASTOR , as a sign of good faith , & , if they refuse break off talks--big sanctions
Who ’ s a bed !	President Obama said , over and over again , if you like your plan , you can keep your plan , PERIOD ! This turned out to be a total lie-90 mill .
Who ’ s a “ Who ’ s her ?	Look at the solution , not the problem . Learn to focus on what will give results .
The man but a life is but a man ’ s life , like a man ’ s man like a man ’ s life , a man ’ s life is a man ’ s life , and be a man ’ s man in a man ’ s life , my life , and be a man in a man in a man ’ s life , and be a man ’ s life , and be a man in a man ’ s life , and be a man ’ s life , and be a man	Set the example . You can motivate others as well as yourself by remembering that you are setting the example .
Who in the hours of her ?	Look great for Thanksgiving . Trump Signature Collection , exclusively available Macys , offers top men's styles
Who ’ s a ” “ ”	How does Obama rationalize giving Iran $8B in sanction relief when a Christian pastor is being tortured in an Iranian prison ?
For it , they are all a make a very better for them !	Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds . Golden eagles among victims . . . RSPBScotland Natures_Voice
What man is a man ’ s a man should be a man ’ s man should be a man ’ s man ’ s bed of her ”	We enjoy hosting tourists in TrumpTowerNY . They come from all over the world to see the Atrium , a NYC landmark .
Who is the matter ’ s the matter ’ s sun , and the matter ’ s ’ s ’ s the matter is the matter ’ s men ’ s bed and the matter ’ s bed and the matter ’ s bed ’ s bed ,	When do we sue the company-- for billions-- that robbed us in creating the hapless ObamaCare website ?
The more speaks the truth .	I can't believe no one has been fired over the ObamaCare website fiasco !
Who is the best of her service ’ s best service ’ s the best have the best of the best ’ s work is the best of her work is the best ’ s service ’ s service ’ s death is the best of her service ’ s	In Vegas ? Enjoy Thanksgiving in TrumpLasVegas' DJT lounge where the nfl games will be playing all day
.	Wind Power Company Fined $1 Million for Killing Birds . Golden eagles among victims . . . alexsalmond Aberdeenshire
Who ’ s a ”	Vision remains vision until you focus , do the work , and bring it down to earth where it will do some good .
What ’ s the more ’ s a more , and that ’ s ’ s the matter and the matter .	I will be in Palm Beach , Jupiter , and Miami today checking on big construction projects . I love Florida and love on time and on budget const
I thank you for the tale , I am a very man , a very much of a very much for a very much of a very full of a tale , a tale , for a tale , I ’ s tale ,	""LeChrisPace Following realDonaldTrump was probably my best decision #bear"" Thanks .
What ’ s and her come at the state of men ’ s today .	President Obama is finally getting hammered , even by his most loyal supporters and the press-I guess they can only take so much !
What to her that now , and there were they are !	New poll , WOW-53% say President Obama is not honest & , trustworthy . What took them so long . Go back and look at his house purchase in Chicago
.	Just got home , watching the news , and every story is bad about the USA Someday we will return to being great again , but we need leadership !
Call her my voice is my voice and hath made .	“The worst thing you can possibly do in a deal is seem desperate to make it . ” – The Art of The Deal .
The Thanks , Mark , they will !	Why didn't Obama , as part of the negotiation , free the Christian Pastor Saeed Abedini ?
Who ’ s a work of her !	Obama is going to take away over 90M Americans’ healthcare plans but he is letting Iran keep its nukes . Just think about that .
What is ’ s the time of her ' s hope !	Who would you rather have negotiating with Iran--President Obama or Toronto Mayor Ford ? My money is on Ford .
Who , her that did say a man ’ s part me , ’ s ’ s the very more of her , ”	Realize that being an entrepreneur is not a group effort . You're in charge . Everything starts with you .
Call me again the people ’ s see the people at the matter .	Don't underestimate yourself or your possibilities--keep your focus intact , and focus on the positives .
Who comes for a come to her people ’ s great France !	After settling for a ridicilous 13 billion dollars , J . P . Morgan's lawyer is critical of the amount of the fine-why did they settle then-DUMB !
What ’ s great men ’ s great brave horse !	Best book ever on dealmaking ( or so they say ) - TRUMP: THE ART OF THE DEAL . Go get it , and others , Washington - you really can do better !
The time in her that was the house and the house and keep ’ s time .	I know it has been many years since our country made great deals , but isn't it about time we start , right now . MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !
.	The reason great dealmakers do not OPENLY celebrate a deal , especially one that is not complete , is that it shows weakness to the other side
Go to the and the matter .	John Kerry is openly celebrating the tenuous nuclear deal with Iran . Great dealmakers do not celebrate deals , they just go on to the next one
.	Tom Brady is a good friend of mine , a great player , a great guy and a total winner ! Fantastic comeback win-this is what our country needs !
I will be so much at the gods today .	Tom Brady has done a great job tonight-amazing New England comeback . Good game- not over yet !
Will be a soldier , and her people with her ” at her ” .	We had all the leverage in our nuclear negotiations with Iran and our leaders foolishly decided to let them out of the trap . WHY ?
The delight and one of her men ’ s sleep in a bear ’ s bear ’ s bear a very strong and one of her one .	“He who defends everywhere , defends nowhere . ” – Sun Tzu
Upon my way to be her again to be the Moor .	How much longer are we expected to put up with the world's most incompetent leader - ObamaCare , Iran , Syria , bads deals . JUST NEVER ENDS
I had a great time in her men should find them !	I will be on Fox & , Friends tomorrow morning at 7 . Will be discussing basic stupidity and incompetence , of which our ""leaders"" have plenty !
The sun of the from the evil , the villain 's the world , ’ s sun , Shall be the sun from the sea , Which can be the sea , Which he can be the world ’ s eyes ,	""otcgiant: realDonaldTrump with even a half decent running mate I don't see how you could lose against the Democrats ineptness . #Trumo2016
The more ’ s voice will you .	I do not understand how so many of my Jewish friends backed Obama in the last election . He is a TOTAL DISASTER FOR ISRAEL-AND ALWAYS WILL BE
Call her her “ Who ’ s her ” ’ s her ”	How far has the United States gone down when we are reduced to accept the imbecilic deal just agreed to with Iran . Read THE ART OF THE DEAL !
Call it her again .	What a rotten deal we made with Iran . We get nothing ( except laughter at our stupidity ) . They get everything , including delay and big cash !
Make more the Great more he more ' s times more ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' times more ' times more !	They changed the name global warming to climate change because the concept of global warming just wasn't working !
Who with a ” ’ s a ”	The people that gave you global warming are the same people that gave you ObamaCare !
Who ’ s a ”	""mikehaas33: realDonaldTrump mar a lago a spectacular property . Here with Wells Fargo tonight and hoping you will come say hello"" I did !
The state , Who in the day , Who in great state , great state , great state !	Snow and ice , freezing weather , in Texas , Arizona and Oklahoma - what the hell is going on with GLOBAL WARMING ?
Who ’ s a sure of the country ’ s country !	Get smart on knockout assaults and crime - we have to be slightly more vicious ( and violent ) than the assaulter-and crime would end FAST !
The more would be gone to see all of all .	The scum that gets high on badly hurting old ladies and others through knockout assaults wouldn't feel that way with a gun at their head !
Who ’ s a one .	We are using the absolute wrong negotiating technique with respect to the Iran nuclear talks . Strengthen sanctions until GREAT deal is made !
Who ’ s a	""WhiteShaunwhite I dedicate my 750 tweet to most inspiring entrepreneurs of our time realDonaldTrump , BillGates"" Thx .
Who ’ s a ” “ Who ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ”	Young entrepreneurs – keep positive . Don’t let the ObamaCare disaster stop your endeavors . There are great opportunities out there .
Call her ?	Pattycake77777 Happy Birthday !
Why , that ’ s a ”	It’s Friday . How many millions has the White House wasted on the ObamaCare website today ?
What a one is a bed to her !	Republicans have the right approach to ObamaCare – let it fail . Free market solutions will be embraced by Americans in 2016 .
Who ’ s the more of her again ?	Such a nice article in the New York Times about a wonderful developer , Arthur Zeckendorf
The bed is a little of her ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th ' th '	Thomas Jefferson wrote the Senate filibuster rule . Harry Reid & , Obama killed it yesterday . Rule was in effect for over 200 years .
What ’ s the great you will be a great things !	Since the Democrats decided to kill the filibuster , they now own it . Republicans should keep the new rule when they're in the majority .
The her of her ” ’ s the thousand ’ s the thousand ’ s of her ”	Hypocrite . Watch Senator Obama defend ""democratic debate' of Senate filibuster rules in 2005
The Moor is gone , Who ’ s men ’ s people ’ s men ’ s work ,	If JP Morgan took their case through the courts for 15 years , nobody would be suing them—easy target .
What ’ s a man ’ s part of a man ’ s part of ’ s part of a man ’ s part of a more ’ s part of a ”	Lightweight shakedown artist AG Eric Schneiderman was exposed in today’s New York Post editorial
Who ’ s a ”	For all those sick degenerates contemplating a knockout attack , please remember the late , great Charles Bronson-no more crime !
Who ’ s a	Weak newscasters are asking ""is there a racial component to knockout attacks ? "" Of course there is and weakness will only make it worse !
Call you a good that ’ s bed .	If you are lucky enough to catch a knockout assaulter before getting slugged , and you carry a gun , shoot the bastard ( teach them a lesson ) !
Will be the morning this morning .	Knockout assaults are the new rage by sick and depraved youth . We better start getting tough in this country-and they want to take our guns !
Why , I hope that ’ s bed , my lord .	Emails prove WH knew ObamaCare website wouldn't work in October -- why didn't they delay the launch ?
.	I answered my Facebook fans questions via video- watch-
I would all the more , and the very merry , and very merry !	70 stores above Punta Pacifica's pristine peninsula , TrumpPanama offers fine dining , five pools & , luxury rooms
Why , that ’ s a good good good ’ tis , and thank you !	Host of the 2017 USA Women's Open , Trump Bedminster has been rated one of America's best golf courses .
Who was a piece of a piece of great Marry , a great had a great had a great her !	We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan . Their government has zero appreciation . Let's get out !
Who ’ s her ” Who ’ s the sun ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s the sun ’ s bed In the sun ’ s bed and her ”	""Figure out what really moves you . You've got to have the 'FIRE' in order to have the Midas Touch . "" -- Midas Touch
Who is the one of her that can beat the one that ’ s beat the matter of the matter ’ s one of her ” Which ’ s one of her that ’ s one that ’ s one that ’ s one of her beat the	Florida Power & , Light did a fantastic job of providing service & , energy during the big storm in Palm Beach . insideFPL
Who ’ s a ”	Today will be a great day at work - have only one word in mind , VICTORY !
Give my lord , ’ s the week with her ”	morningmika I'm watching Joe ( who is 100% correct on Afghanistan ) fondling the once great Time Magazine-so sad to see how skimpy it is !
I thank you !	WCMartzOfficial Thank you .
The more ’ s her ” “ Who in her ”	Do not allow our very stupid leaders to sign a deal that keeps us in Afghanistan through 2024-with all costs by USA MAKE AMERICA GREAT !
The matter to be your friend .	""Results are what matter . The bottom line is clearly the bottom line . "" --Think Like a Champion
The people that his ambition shall be his grief .	""If you want to kill any idea in the world , get a committee working on it . "" -- Charles Kettering
What , the common men ’ s great men ’ s again !	Congrats to Congress on their 112 'gold tier' healthcare plans Why should they suffer like regular Americans ?
Who by her ” “ Who ’ s a ”	When Warren Buffett & , others play w/ bankruptcy , nobody cares—when Trump plays the game , it becomes a big deal !
What ’ s her that ’ s men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s more than Make her again and her men ’ s bed and her ” Come her again of her men ’ s again Hath lost her ” Come	SwanRose2013 I create jobs !
Who ’ s a Who ’ s Who ' s her ' s ” For ’ s the people ’ s men ’ s her ” For ’ s her ” For the people ’ s her ” For the people ’ s her ” For ” For ” For	Facebook_Ben Thanks .
The time I say ’ s her that ’ s the wonder !	chadasletten Thanks .
Let you be with more .	nolanitenyc Sad !
Call you her her again tonight .	DamonCanel TrumpLasVegas Thank you .
Call it in a away and there ’ s country !	libertybellskp So true !
What ’ s great kings both .	Offering true luxury , Trump_Charlotte has spectacular restaurants , Olympic pools & , six professional tennis courts
Who ’ s the Moor ?	$1B down another $1B to go . ObamaCare website is 40% unfinished . This is beyond pathetic .
Call her good tonight on a good tonight !	Congratulations to MikeTyson on the success of his new book ""Undisputed Truth"" & , HBO special--and thanks for the nice words , Mike .
Who ’ s a bed !	WantonSoop True !
Why , my money is the money in the money .	MeghanFaheyy Great !
What ’ s a ” a her ”	matt_marcolini MissUniverse TrumpTowerNY Thank you .
Come , ’ s a goodly men ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a goodly men ’ s men ’ s bed of a hundred ’ s bed of men ’ s bed !	Emin from Russia--a very talented guy . All proceeds go to help the Philippines . eminofficial #missuniverse
What ’ s with you , her !	Afghanistan leaders want the USA to keep 20 , 000 troops there for many more years , fully paid for by the USA , but first they want apology .
Who ’ s a more of her ' s a ” and ’ s a man ’ s one of her ”	""If everything seems under control , you're not going fast enough . "" -- Mario Andretti""
Who ’ s a one ?	Work is fun , deals are fun , life is fun - but love of a great family makes it all come together . Go out there and make your family proud .
Who ’ s her that I love her love !	ALWAYS BORROW MONEY FROM A PESSIMIST BECAUSE HE WILL NEVER EXPECT IT TO BE PAID BACK !
Call her her her again .	“Advertising is totally unnecessary . Unless you hope to make money . ” - Jef I . Richards
Who ’ s my voice ’ s a ”	The next ObamaCare disaster will be doctors being dropped from plans .
What ’ s the looks of the matter , and the matter !	Broken promises . A broken billion dollar website . ObamaCare can’t be fixed . Repeal !
What ’ s thou hast thou to her ” to ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men have ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s men have ’ s a thing you have a ” to be a thing to have	IdiotSavant24 billmaher Thanks !
Let me come to the voice .	""If everything seems under control , you're not going fast enough . "" -- Mario Andretti
The upon her now and delight in her true .	Jamie Dimon just gave away $13B to government in settlement . Terrible move & , bad precedent . Could have done much better by fighting .
The hope I hope this is the people , the work of your people .	Priorities . While Obama wastes billions on a broken website , he is going to cut military pay No surprise .
Who ’ s a ” ’ s a ”	Guess who is talking to MissUniverse at TrumpTowerNY ? Not terrible hair !
I will be on the matter tonight .	64 stories of golden glass over the strip , TrumpLasVegas’ elite hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows
I will be on the show of her times at the man and tell her of her	One of GolfWorldUS top private clubs , TrumpNationalNY features a Jim Fazio designed 7 , 291 yd par 72 course
Who ’ s a ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” For ’ s a ” and a ” For ’ s ” For ’ s ’ s ’ s bed and ” For	chucktodd meetthepress jack_welch Chuck--very fair , best wishes !
There is but one of her that , Who ’ s free , and such a second free !	Just as I said last October , census workers cooked the job numbers for Obama right before the election
Who ’ s seen the people ’ s her ” Shall have the one of her ”	Last October on meetthepress , chucktodd attacked jack_welch and I for saying Obama cooked the job number . Will he apologize ?
Let ’ s a times her that ’ s daughter against her and she must be .	FLASHBACK - October 9 , 2012: “Donald Trump: Jobs Numbers Are 'A Lot Of Monkey Business'” Proven right again !
What ’ s the next of her years , and the next years of the next years ’ s years to the next of her , and the next of her and the next of her and the next of her sister for the next men in the next thing	Congratulations to MariaBartiromo on her big move to FoxBusiness . She is a total winner !
What ’ s a one that ’ s a ” would be a man !	I got George Zimmerman right- watch-
Why , by her men ’ s bed , the one ’ s one ’ s the sun , come to her ”	""IanCKeffer: Rocking a realDonaldTrump brand tie today for good measure . The picture does it no justice . Available Macys LOOKS GREAT !
Why , what a good honor !	Go to work today , be smart , think positively and WIN !
Who in her “ Who ’ s her ” for her ”	I took some heat a long time ago when I said that George Zimmerman was a sicko and bad news . I know people and this guy is no good-trouble !
The matter in the matter ’ s men ’ s her ”	""The ones who are crazy enough to think that they can change the world , are the ones who do . "" -- Steve Jobs
Why , that calls out of the new hours with the new soldier .	Our heartfelt prayers go out to our fellow Americans suffering from the storms & , tornadoes .
What ’ s I pray you , the country 's men , ’ s men , come to you have a men , come to the men ’ s bed , a men ’ s country ’ s men have a work , a work ,	W/ signature Trump amenities , 5 star rooms & , world-class restaurants , TrumpWaikiki brings excellence to Hawaii
Who ’ s a ”	The polls have shown that DEAD PEOPLE voted for President Obama overwhelmingly and without hesitation - he must be doing something right !
The matter to her ’ s people he ’ s work .	""FransiscoMlaza: realDonaldTrump ""Rich people are rich because they solve difficult problems"" ~ Donald Trump""
Call forth a bed of her ” Call her “ Call her ”	I will be going to Trump National Doral in Miami early today to check on the construction of the hotel and the new Blue Monster . AMAZING !
The time that keep ’ s that was the Thanks .	How did the NCAA , which is weak and becoming irrelevant , extract such a big & , reputation shattering settlement from Penn State . Others zero !
Why , her “ Cassio ’ s again to give her speech of her speech ,	Maybe some of the dead voters who helped get President Obama elected can be brought back to life after signing up for ObamaCare .
What never to be , let ’ s never give the matter .	The wimps that run Penn State should be forced to resign ( and be sued ) for the pathetic settlement they made and destruction of great legacy
The her that ’ s her that ’ s the people ’ s a ”	""MArloAmoriello1: realDonaldTrump Donald we can't allow this country to become soft like Obama , and penn state ! Please run in 2016 #leader
Who ’ s a bed !	I wonder if the Rutgers coach who had the audacity to yell at the player is a proponent of global warming ?
Call you her again .	Football coaches are no longer allowed to scream and yell at their players because it is discriminatory , racist and can be viewed as bullying
Who ’ s a talk all of a talk , ’ s the other men ’ s might have no more men of her men ’ s might have no more men of her speak of her men of the business ’ s men of the work .	I wonder what the late , great Vince Lombardi would say about the Rutgers football player who says he is being bullied because coach yelled ?
What ’ s her that ’ s her ” Will I ’ s her ” ’ s her ’ s her ”	""psu_rebot: RT millman85: realDonaldTrump you could put #PennState in this same category ! #Settlers #SoftTarget psu_rebot"" TRUE-WEAK !
Why , by her men ’ s a ” a ”	""ISaidKnow: AWESOME ! RT Again , more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare . Congratulations America ! ” Thanks !
But that man ’ s a man ’ s office for the office of the office of one man ’ s side , and one of her cause of her work .	The real J . P . Morgan is spinning in his grave at the ridiculous settlements the bank is making to settle disputes . A settler is a soft target
.	13 BILLION , 4 . 5 BILLION-these are the stupid settlements that J . P . Morgan just made . Why don't they FIGHT ? No wonder they keep getting sued .
Call you her voice .	not_that_actor Very good !
What a more a bed will be a bed !	""swetasamota: “Be tough , be smart , be personable but don’t take things personally . That’s good business . ” – Think Like a Champion"" DJT
Go to the show of him , and that , and say , and more of him !	gary4205 Thanks Gary .
The best thou art the best than turn the country .	EveningExpress Thank you for your fair and balanced reporting . You provide a great and important service to the people of Scotland !
I am on a one ?	""JayLefler: realDonaldTrump Putin is much smarter than Obama . No surprise his tactics . ""
Let her make a very strong yourself a very strong .	ReaIOsmelSousa Great job in helping our wonderful Miss Universe - there is nobody like you - CONGRATULATIONS !
Why , a an an ass ’ tis like a one .	“Winning is habit . Unfortunately , so is losing . ” - Vince Lombardi
The will I pray you , the country hath the bond of the bond !	Again , more dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare . Congratulations America !
Who by her “ Who ’ s a very with her more with her ”	Rumor has it Apple is going to release iPhones with bigger screens . That's good news .
What ’ s let ’ s men have ’ s country !	“Be tough , be smart , be personable but don’t take things personally . That’s good business . ” – Think Like a Champion
Give you the other will run .	“A true business only exists to solve a problem and to make life better . ” – Midas Touch
The more ’ s the hope of the world !	The only deal the Republicans should accept is a complete repeal of ObamaCare . You have them on the run - don't fold - go for it !
What ’ s I pray you say ’ s a man ’ s part of a more !	Did President Obama have a rough day yesterday , or what ? He has got to start telling the truth - NO MORE LIES OR DECEPTION !
Call you her that thou hast again today .	The cast has been largely selected for next year's Celebrity Apprentice . Wait 'till you hear the names-AMAZING ! Season 14-many nights at #1
Who ’ s a name of her hear any man ’ s ”	""TruckerSamF: Already thinking about golf 2014 . . . top of the list has to be revamped Doral , World Golf Championship March 3-9 Miami FL""
Who ’ s a bed !	""Bill_Collector_: realDonaldTrump we need you as the next president ! Your a winner ! ! ! "" Thank you .
You have my voice of my voice ’ s voice of my tongue ’ s part of my lord , you have a voice of my voice of my voice of my voice	""iverson233: realDonaldTrump can I run your hotels while you run the country ? "" Sounds good to me !
Call her a woman ’ s a soldier .	""zizzy706: realDonaldTrump let's get your oval ass in that Oval Office . #Trump2016"" Thanks , I think !
Who ’ s a	""LydiaPearman: realDonaldTrump PatrickWeeks and let's be honest , you have some of the finest #RealEstate on the planet ! "" Very true !
What ’ s the next !	""Gyuman82: realDonaldTrump Plz run for President in 2016 , America needs a strong leader ! "" We sure don't have leadership now ! Thanks .
Who ’ s a ” for a ”	grouponegav Yes , online through Macy's .
What a dream !	""pididdie20: ""In the end , you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish"" - Donald Trump""
What men ’ s country 's men !	""PatrickWeeks: “It’s #tangible , it’s #solid , it’s #beautiful . It’s #artistic , from my standpoint , and I just love #RealEstate . ” ~ Donald
Why , my lord , I will you have a voice of a good of ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s ’ s time I will be a voice of a voice of her .	""Chaz_is_so_bomb: I hope realDonaldTrump is our next president"" Thanks .
Who ’ s a ”	. MissUniverse visited my office- tall and beautiful !
Call her a Run “ Call ’ s bed !	I'll be on gretawire On the Record tonight to talk about the ObamaCare fiasco--7 pm on Fox News
Who ’ s love her her !	Obama friend got a no-bid $635M contract to build website And now she will get more to fix it .
Come , I pray you are but the hope of her ’ s but run but the hope of her , ’ s one , come , ’ s a bed , ’ s bed , ’ s men are you are but be but be but be a ”	More dead people voted in the last election than enrolled in ObamaCare . Congratulations America !
Give her her her her work .	MikeDemkiw True !
Who to the more ’ s his crown to his crown to his crown , Who ’ s his work to his more of his bed his bed and his bed	Breaking news--negotiations with Iranians broke down because Obama insisted that they use ObamaCare .
Call the her her again !	""dany8ro: Aha RT ""realDonaldTrump: You have good taste ! ""JayRobby: I love Bill Gates and Warren Buffet and Donald Trump . I so love them . ""
Call her a Run “ Call ’ s bed !	President Obama is the best thing that ever happened to Jimmy Carter !
I am a rest for her that ’ s daughter in a matter .	""kbaileyjava2: realDonaldTrump Celebrity Apprentice please ! ASAP""
Will be on a times at her ”	""AndrewSNicoll: realDonaldTrump the same idiots who think he was born in the USA ! Dopes ! ""
Who , her “ Who speaks a ” a ” ’ s her ”	""OJOsborn: realDonaldTrump I am one of them fools . The presidents heart in right place"" WRONG , he knowingly lied - bad intentions !
Why , by the man says ’ s will he do the other will run on a ”	""MakeupArtist121: 1984 cover of realdonaldtrump #GQ #Magazine ivankatrump . . . One of my main idols I look up to ! ! . . .
What ’ s a man ’ s a ring .	In a new poll a majority of people felt the president ""knowingly lied"" about health care pledge . Who are the fools who don't think he lied ?
Call her her “ again !	""countrygurl4747: realDonaldTrump Please run in 2016 ! ! ! We need a smart man like you to turn this once great nation back ! ! "" True !
What ’ s thought the face of a face of the face of her face ’ s thoughts ’ s thought	BretBaier You are doing really great - keep it up ( of which I have no doubt ) .
Will be on a one of her ' em !	ICYMI-- ""MELANIATRUMP Reading newspapers and see . . . #BillyGraham95 #happybirthday BillyGraham
Call you my voice will have my voice .	The same people that built the ObamaCare website used , as the face of the website , someone who is not a US citizen . Incompetent .
.	Can you believe it—the model who mysteriously disappeared from the ObamaCare website is not a US citizen—she’s from Colombia .
What ’ s a great her work to her ” For ’ s great more ’ s ’ s great more a great her that ’ s great work of her work .	No matter how far down a path you go , if it's the wrong path , turn around and go back home - before it is too late .
What ’ s my voice of her voice !	ObamaCare is on LIFE SUPPORT - it will soon be DEAD ON ARRIVAL - A bad concept that was imcompetently administered !
