Fare you well .	Good luck .
I dreamt there was an emperor Antony .	I dreamed about an emperor called Antony .
You are now out of your text .	You ’ re overstepping your bounds now .
I thank thee , good Tubal .	Thank you , Tubal .
Open , locks , Whoever knocks .	Doors , open up for whoever is knocking !
No , I will weep no more .	No , I won ’ t cry any more .
I shall miss thee , But yet thou shalt have freedom . — So , so , so . — To the king ’ s ship , invisible as thou art .	I ’ ll miss you , Ariel , but you ’ ll be free . — Yes , you will , yes . — Go to the king ’ s ship in your invisible state .
Great happiness !	Great happiness !
Who are you ?	Who are you ?
I will requite your loves .	I will reward your loyalty .
If she find him not , To England send him or confine him where Your wisdom best shall think .	If she can ’ t find out what his secret is , then send him off to England or wherever you think best .
Bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general Othello !	God bless the island of Cyprus and our noble general Othello !
We did , my lord , weeping and commenting Upon the sobbing deer .	We did , my lord , weeping and carrying on about the sobbing deer .
the life ?	The life ?
Hold !	Hold !
He was wont to lend money for a Christian courtesy ; let him look to his bond .	He used to lend money as a favor between Christians ; but now , let him think about his own debt .
An inviting eye ; and yet methinks right modest .	An inviting eye , and still I think it is properly modest .
If not , an it would please you to take leave of her , she is very willing to bid you farewell .	If you can ’ t , and would prefer to leave , she ’ s very willing to say goodbye to you .
I say , this house is as dark as ignorance , though ignorance were as dark as hell .	I tell you , this house is as dark as ignorance .
This is the sergeant Who like a good and hardy soldier fought ' Gainst my captivity .	This is the brave sergeant who fought to keep me from being captured .
Then Edgar was abused .	This means I ’ ve mistreated Edgar .
There attend my coming .	Wait for me there .
Possess them not with fear .	Don ’ t let them know fear .
My father had a daughter loved a man As it might be , perhaps , were I a woman , I should your lordship .	My father had a daughter who loved a man in the same way that I might love you , if I were a woman .
One of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey .	One creditor showed me a ring he got from your daughter in exchange for a monkey .
Sir !	Sir !
If thy greatness will Revenge it on him — for I know thou darest , But this thing dare not — That ’ s most certain .	If your highness is willing , take revenge on him for that — because I know you ’ re brave enough , I don ’ t dare to — That ’ s for sure .
Hast thou slain him then ?	Did you kill him , then ?
Ay , my lord .	Yes , sir .
Who calls ?	Who calls ?
Some innocents ’ scape not the thunderbolt .	Even innocents cannot always escape disaster .
Tis hard ; almost impossible .	It would be hard , almost impossible .
Then , lest he may , prevent .	Therefore , in case he does , we must hold him back .
Let ’ s have no more of this , let ’ s to our affairs . — Forgive us our sins ! — Gentlemen , let ’ s look to our business .	But let ’ s stop this drinking and get down to business . — God forgive our sins ! — Gentlemen , let ’ s get down to business .
Tush , Gremio .	Oh , I don ’ t know .
No more light answers .	Enough of this frivolous talk .
Not for all this land Would I be guilty of so deep a sin .	I wouldn ’ t commit so serious a crime for anything .
Through the sharp hawthorn blows the cold wind .	The cold wind blows through the hawthorn trees .
You received no gold ?	You weren ’ t given any gold ?
Saw you the king today , my lord of Derby ?	Did you see the king today , Lord Derby ?
Then shall we find tomorrow they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight .	Then tomorrow we ’ ll find that they feel only like eating , not like fighting .
How prove you that in the great heap of your knowledge ?	And how , out of your great heap of knowledge , will you manage to prove that ?
My lord , I cannot .	I can ’ t , my lord .
So farewell to you both .	Goodbye to you both .
Bring forth men-children only , For thy undaunted mettle should compose Nothing but males .	Only give birth to male children , For your unconquered spirit should be passed on Only to males .
You , Nick Bottom , are set down for Pyramus .	You , Nick Bottom , have been cast as Pyramus .
Ha ?	Ha !
Thyself shalt see the act : For , as thou urgest justice , be assur 'd Thou shalt have justice , more than thou desirest .	You yourself shall see the law ; Because , as you insist on justice , be assured You shall have justice , more than you desire .
I thank thee , master .	I thank you , master .
Why , there was a crown offered him ; and , being offered him , he put it by with the back of his hand , thus ; and then the people fell a-shouting .	A crown was offered to him , and he pushed it away with the back of his hand , like this — and then the people started shouting .
Alas the day , I never gave him cause !	Alas the day , I never gave him reason !
Calls my lord ?	Did you call , my lord ?
Then , tell me , Who 's the next heir of Naples ?	Then tell me , Who 's the next heir of Naples ?
The cowslips tall her pensioners be .	The cowslip flowers are her bodyguards .
My Lord of Gloucester , I have too long borne Your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs .	My lord of Gloucester , I have suffered your blunt upbraidings and your bitterness toward me for too long .
Come , bring away .	Come , bring him away .
What is 't you do ?	What are you doing ?
Be comforted .	Be comforted .
Let them set on at once , for I perceive But cold demeanor in Octavius ' wing , And sudden push gives them the overthrow .	They should advance immediately , because I sense Octavius ’ s side is a bit fainthearted right now , and a sudden push would overthrow him .
This castle hath a pleasant seat ; the air Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself Unto our gentle senses .	The air Smells light and sweet To our gentle senses .
What lights come yond ?	what lights are coming ?
Thanks , dear my lord .	Thanks , my dear lord .
That can I ; At least the whisper goes so .	I can explain it , At least , what ’ s on the grapevine .
Come , good fellow , put thine iron on .	Come on , good fellow , help me into that armor you ’ re carrying .
To every article .	In every detail .
How now , Ophelia ?	How are you , Ophelia !
Get you gone And hasten your return .	Now go , and hurry back .
I dare say you love him not so ill to wish him here alone , howsoever you speak this to feel other men ’ s minds .	Oh , I ’ m sure you don ’ t dislike him so much as to wish he were here alone , even though you say this to find out how the rest of us feel .
A knavish speech sleeps in a foolish ear .	A clever speech is wasted on a stupid ear .
No , trust me , sir , nor I. I am sure thou dost .	No sir , trust me , I do not .
And there were drawn Upon a heap a hundred ghastly women , Transformèd with their fear , who swore they saw Men all in fire walk up and down the streets .	And there were a hundred spooked women huddled together in fear who swore they saw men on fire walk up and down the streets .
Why , if thou never wast at court , thou never saw ’ st good manners ; if thou never saw ’ st good manners , then thy manners must be wicked , and wickedness is sin , and sin is damnation .	Well , if you were never at court , you were never exposed to good manners ; if you never witnessed good manners , your manners must be wicked ; wickedness is a sin , and committing sins leads to damnation .
There is your money that I had to keep .	Here ’ s the money you asked me to hold .
Let me go , I say .	Let me go , I say .
What dost you mean by this ?	I hereby grant your request , and hope you have a good time .
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious ?	Did this seem ambitious in Caesar ?
Fathers that wear rags Do make their children blind .	Fathers who wear rags Make their children neglect them .
Peace , peace !	Peace , peace !
Clubs cannot part them .	You couldn ’ t beat the two of them apart .
I did consent , And often did beguile her of her tears When I did speak of some distressful stroke That my youth suffer 'd .	I agreed And often I cheated her of her tears , When I spoke of some distressful event I had suffered in my youth .
Fled to his house amazed .	Fled to his house amazed .
Grave sir , hail !	Worthy sir , greetings !
But are you so much in love as your rhymes speak ?	Are you really as in love as your poems declare ?
She shall be buried by her Antony .	She shall be buried next to her Antony .
Be not disturbed with my infirmity .	Don ’ t be disturbed by my weakness .
I never saw a better-fashioned gown , More quaint , more pleasing , nor more commendable .	I never saw a better-designed gown , more elegant and pleasing and well made .
Plain and not honest is too harsh a style .	You can ’ t tell a story simply when it ’ s a lie .
Th ' ambassadors from Norway , my good lord , Are joyfully returned .	The ambassadors are back from Norway , sir .
Sinful Macduff , They were all struck for thee !	Sinful Macduff , they were killed because of you !
She has deceived her father , and may thee .	She lied to me , and she may lie to you .
Sblood , an arrant traitor as any ’ s in the universal world , or in France , or in England !	As absolute a traitor as any in the whole entire world — or even France or England !
But it is no English treason to cut French crowns , and tomorrow the king himself will be a clipper .	But it ’ s no treason for an Englishman to cut off a French crown — a head , I mean — and tomorrow the king himself will do some snipping .
So that , conclusions to be as kisses , if your four negatives make your two affirmatives , why then the worse for my friends and the better for my foes .	So if four negatives make two affirmatives , I ’ m worse off because of my friends and better off because of my foes .
Hark , they roar .	Listen they ’ re howling .
Yearly will I do this rite .	I will perform this ceremony every year .
And have not we affections , Desires for sport , and frailty , as men have ?	And don ’ t we have passions , and a taste for fun , and weaknesses , just like men ?
Ay , too gentle .	Yes , too gentle .
Now she ’ s gone for ever . — Cordelia , Cordelia , stay a little .	Now she ’ s gone forever . — Cordelia , Cordelia , stay a while .
Is it concluded that he shall be Protector ?	Richard loves neither me nor any of you .
But while I say one prayer !	But while I say one prayer !
My lord , the first time that I ever saw him Methought he was a brother to your daughter .	My lord , when I first saw him I thought he was your daughter ’ s brother .
If I speak like myself in this , let him be whipped that first finds it so .	If I ’ m telling the truth like a fool in saying all this , whip the first person who thinks I sound foolish .
If there were no more women but Fulvia , then had you indeed a cut , and the case to be lamented .	If Fulvia were the last woman on earth , there would be a reason to grieve .
I know not , sir .	I don ’ t know , sir .
Speak thou now .	Say something .
I do not like your faults .	I don ’ t like your faults .
Very gladly .	Very gladly .
Why , go to bed , and sleep .	Go to bed , and sleep .
Draw up your powers .	Prepare your troops .
If we do lose this battle , then is this The very last time we shall speak together .	If we lose this battle , this is the last time we ’ ll speak to each other .
And let him ply his music .	And I hope he ’ s studying his music like he ’ s supposed to .
A foolish heart that I leave here behind .	A foolish heart that I ’ m leaving behind here .
And what said he ?	And what did he say ?
Not a false gallop .	It ’ s not a false gallop , anyway .
Before the time be out ?	Before your sentence has been completed ?
She cannot deny it .	She can ’ t deny it .
Show !	Show !
The wildest hath not such a heart as you .	The wildest animal isn ’ t as cruel as you are .
Your ladyship were best to have some guard about you if he come , for sure the man is tainted in ’ s wits .	You should have a guard nearby if he comes in here , because he ’ s clearly disturbed .
I understand moreover , upon the Rialto , he hath a third at Mexico , a fourth for England , and other ventures he hath squandered abroad .	What ’ s more , people at the
Amen .	Amen .
Wrong hath but wrong , and blame the due of blame .	I have done wrong , so I will suffer wrong .
Enjoy thy plainness .	Enjoy your frankness ; it suits you .
Use lenity , sweet chuck .	Be lenient , dearest !
Why , you speak truth .	It ’ s true .
What would you with her , sir ?	What do you want with her , sir ?
I know when one is dead and when one lives .	I know how to tell when someone is alive or dead .
Speak to him .	Talk to him .
Why , sir , he comes not .	Why , sir , he ’ s not coming .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there !
Madam , I go with all convenient speed .	Madam , I go with all convenient speed .
Sirs , let ’ t alone .	Sirs , never mind .
Marry , sir , we say we are none .	Honestly , sir , we say that we are not criminals .
Come , you and I will thither presently .	Come on , you and I will go soon .
But next day I told him of myself , which was as much As to have asked him pardon .	The next day I explained all this to him , which was as good as begging his pardon .
Look , look , a mouse !	Life ’ s better at
You knew — none so well , none so well as you — of my daughter ’ s flight .	You knew — no one knew , no one knew as well as you did — about my daughter ’ s plans to run away .
Go to the pulpit , Brutus .	Go to the platform , Brutus .
Let him bless thee too .	Let him bless you too .
I fly , Biondello .	We ’ re off , Biondello .
They are of Norway , sir .	In fact , she ’ s crazed .
Noses , ears , and lips .	Noses , ears , lips .
They say this town is full of cozenage , As nimble jugglers that deceive the eye , Dark-working sorcerers that change the mind , Soul-killing witches that deform the body , Disguised cheaters , prating mountebanks , And many suchlike liberties of sin .	They say that this town is full of deception — illusionists that can fool the eye , dark sorcerers who can bewitch your mind , soul-killing witches who can disfigure your body , disguised swindlers , fast-talking fakers , and all kinds of other unchecked sins .
Alack , I had forgot !	Alack , I had forgotten .
Because that , like a jack , thou keep ’ st the stroke Betwixt thy begging and my meditation .	Because you ’ re like the lowborn fellow who strikes the bell — you keep interrupting my thoughts .
This is a man — old , wrinkled , faded , withered — And not a maiden , as thou say ’ st he is .	This is not a maiden , as you say , but an old man — wrinkled , faded , and withered .
Why , then he ’ ll say we stabbed him sleeping .	Okay , so that ’ s when he ’ ll say we stabbed him in his sleep .
Take you assurance of her cum privilegio ad imprimendum solum .	So go and put your stamp on the girl .
And a goose for his discretion .	And as wise as a goose .
Let her alone .	Leave Hermia alone .
And in good time , Here comes Sir Richard Ratcliffe and the duke .	And just in time , here he comes with Sir Richard Ratcliffe .
How canst thou woo her ?	How would you woo her ?
Where art thou now ?	Where are you now ?
Come , let me have a bigger .	Bring me a bigger one .
O God , that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains !	O God , that men should put an enemy in their mouths to steal away their brains !
Arms , arms , sword , fire , corruption in the place !	Fire !
He ’ s as good at anything and yet a fool .	He ’ s as smart as they come , but just a jester .
O dear Ophelia , I am ill at these numbers .	Oh , Ophelia , I ’ m bad at poetry .
Wine loved I deeply , dice dearly , and in woman outparamoured the Turk .	I loved wine and gambling , and had more women than a Turkish sultan keeps in his harem .
Thus may we gather honey from the weed And make a moral of the devil himself .	Think like that , and you ’ ll manage to get honey out of a common weed and find a moral lesson in the devil himself .
I like the work well .	I really like the work .
ROSS : What sights , my lord ?	What sights , my lord ?
Oh , this is it that makes your servants droop !	And this is why your servants hang their heads in sorrow !
My worthy Cawdor !	My worthy Cawdor !
And here ’ s another , whose warped looks proclaim What store her heart is made on .	And here ’ s Regan , whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart .
On such a full sea are we now afloat , And we must take the current when it serves , Or lose our ventures .	We are now afloat on such a high tide , And we must take the opportunity when it presents itself , Or lose our one lucky chance .
Let me comply with you in this garb , lest my extent to the players — which , I tell you , must show fairly outwards — should more appear like entertainment than yours .	Let me comply with it in these clothes , for fear that my welcome to the players , which I tell you must look good , should more appear like entertainment than your plays .
He could not have ’ scaped sixpence a day .	Six pence a day would ’ ve been forced on him .
Will 't please you go , my lord ?	Will you please go , my lord ?
Thou dost mean something .	You ’ re thinking something .
O noble judge !	Oh , noble judge !
Will you come to bed , my lord ?	Will you come to bed , my lord ?
His eyes were set at eight i ' the morning .	His eyes started glazing over around eight in the morning .
To the selfsame tune and words .	Yes , in just those words .
You rogue !	You rogue !
Against some part of Poland .	Against some part of Poland .
Tarry , Petruchio , I must go with thee , For in Baptista ’ s keep my treasure is .	Wait , Petruchio , I should go with you .
Melt Egypt into Nile , and kindly creatures Turn all to serpents .	May Egypt drown in the Nile and all good creatures turn into poisonous snakes .
The money that you owe me for the chain .	The money you owe me for the necklace .
So could I too .	So could I.
What , out of hearing ?	What , can ’ t hear me ?
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions .	It takes a good priest to practice what he preaches .
Do not say so , my lord .	Don ’ t say that , my lord .
Most humbly therefore bending to your state , I crave fit disposition for my wife , Due reference of place and exhibition , With such accommodation and besort As levels with her breeding .	Very humbly , therefore , bowing to your state , I ’ d like proper provisions for my wife , Proper respect for housing and subsidy , With such accommodation and suitable company As is equal with her breeding .
Fire and brimstone !	Fire and brimstone !
Be this the whetstone of your sword .	Let this anger sharpen your sword .
But he has promised me , as he is a gentleman and a soldier , he will not hurt you .	But as a gentleman and a soldier he ’ s promised me he won ’ t hurt you .
Yes , one place else , if you will hear me name it .	Yes , and one other place , if you ’ ll only let me name it .
Now art thou my lieutenant .	Now you are my lieutenant .
He was but a fool that brought My answer back .	The man who brought my answer to you was a fool .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
Thy brother by decree is banished .	Your brother is banished by decree .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company , For you in my respect are all the world .	This forest doesn ’ t seem deserted when you ’ re here , because you are all the world to me .
Do you confess so much ?	Do you confess so much ?
He shall in time be ready .	He ’ ll be done in time .
County Claudio , when mean you to go to church ?	Count Claudio , when do you plan to go to church and be married ?
Talk not to me .	Don ’ t talk to me .
Do you perceive the gastness of her eye ?	Do you see the ghastliness of her eye ?
Oh , pardon me , Signior Gremio , I would fain be doing .	You ’ re Forgive me , Signior Gremio , but I ’ m anxious to get things moving .
Peace yet again !	Everyone , quiet . — Peace !
For my part , the sea cannot drown me .	My man — monster is so drunk he can ’ t talk .
They know your Grace hath cause and means and might ; So hath your Highness .	And so you do .
Nay , I prithee stay a little .	Please , just wait a minute .
And now , good friends , As you are friends , scholars and soldiers , Give me one poor request .	And now , my friends , my courageous and educated friends , do me one small favor .
There was more foolery yet , if I could remember it .	There was even more foolishness , if I could only remember it .
Those that do die of it do seldom or never recover .	People who die of it seldom or never recover .
Dear maid , kind sister , sweet Ophelia !	Dear maid , kind sister , sweet Ophelia !
When didst thou sleep when such a deed was done ?	Have you ever slept before while such a terrible deed was done ?
I could interpret between you and your love , if I could see the puppets dallying .	I could translate between you and your love , if I could see the toys flirting .
I there it goes , Silver !	There it goes , Silver !
What , is he dead ?	Is he dead ?
Your worship ’ s friend and Launcelot , sir .	He ’ s just Launcelot .
Heaven me such uses send , Not to pick bad from bad , but by bad mend !	heaven me send such usage , Not to pick bad from bad , but to change my ways by bad !
Thou shouldst know There were a heart in Egypt .	Listen to me , Queen .
I do not understand .	I don ’ t understand .
I think he brings the money .	I think he ’ s got the money .
And I do believe your Majesty takes no scorn to wear the leek upon Saint Tavy ’ s day .	I do believe your Majesty takes no shame in wearing the leek on Saint Davy ’ s Day .
Then if he lose he makes a swanlike end , Fading in music .	Then if he loses , it ’ ll be his swan song , music before the end .
There shalt thou find my cousin Beatrice Proposing with the Prince and Claudio .	You ’ ll find Beatrice there , talking to Claudio and the Prince .
And will he not come again ?	And will he not come again ?
O , let the heavens Give him defense against the elements , For I have lost him on a dangerous sea .	O , let the heavens Give him defense against the elements , Because I have lost him on a dangerous sea !
I feared he did but trifle And meant to wreck thee .	I thought he was just toying with you and meant to ruin your reputation .
He ’ s a traitor .	He ’ s a traitor .
Thou know ’ st where I will tarry .	You know where I ’ ll be waiting .
If it please His Majesty , ’ tis the breathing time of day with me .	It ’ s my exercise time .
Go to ; well said , well said .	Do it , it ’ s well said , well said .
For we will fetters put upon this fear , Which now goes too free-footed .	We ’ ll put a leash on this danger that ’ s now running wild .
Into a thousand that I have forgotten .	Oh , a thousand of them , all of which I ’ ve forgotten .
By the gods , You shall digest the venom of your spleen , Though it do split you , for , from this day forth , I 'll use you for my mirth , yea , for my laughter , When you are waspish .	By the gods , You ’ ll eat the poison of your proud temper , Even if it splits you , because , from this day on , I 'll use you for my entertainment , yes , for my laughter , When you ’ re spiteful .
Men , wives , and children stare , cry out , and run As it were doomsday .	Men , wives , and children stare , cry out , and run , As it were doomsday .
Why Doth it not then our eyelids sink ?	Why Doesn ’ t then make our eyelids close ?
All for our vantage .	All to our advantage .
All the conspirators save only he Did that they did in envy of great Caesar .	All the rest of the conspirators acted out of jealousy of great Caesar .
Ay , and wisely too , For ’ twould have anger 'd any heart alive To hear the men deny 't .	Yes , and wisely too ; Because it would have angered any heart alive , To hear the men deny it .
Maybe the letter moved him , For , as I think , they do command him home , Deputing Cassio in his government .	I think they want him to go home and appoint Cassio governor in his place .
Comes his army on ?	Is his army approaching ?
How dost thou , sweet lord ?	How are you , good lord ?
Mine was not bridled .	Mine wasn ’ t wearing a bridle .
Will you lead , lords ?	After you , my lords ?
Did he not say my brother was fled ?	Didn ’ t he say my brother has run away ?
Then must you speak Of one that loved not wisely , but too well .	When you record these sad events in your letters , please describe me exactly as I am .
If you dare fight today , come to the field .	If you dare to fight today , come to the field .
Farewell to you . — And you . — And you , Volumnius .	Farewell to you , and you , and you , Volumnius .
I had rather to adopt a child than get it . — Come hither , Moor .	I ’ d rather adopt a child than have one of my own . — Come here , Moor .
If your love do not persuade you to come , let not my letter . ” O love , dispatch all business and be gone !	If your affection for me doesn ’ t convince you to come , don ’ t let my letter do so . ” Oh , my darling , make your arrangements and go !
Ay , sir , but ' while the grass grows ' — the proverb is something musty .	Yes , sir , but “ While the grass grows ” — the proverb is a bit old-fashioned .
Hail , Caesar !	Hail , Caesar !
I ’ ll be with thee betimes .	I ’ ll be there early .
Lives , sir .	Well , he ’ s alive .
But , gentle heavens , Cut short all intermission .	But gentle heavens , don ’ t keep me waiting .
Ay , so please your Majesty .	Yes , your Majesty .
The players cannot keep counsel ; they 'll tell all .	The players cannot keep a secret , they 'll tell all .
But soft , behold !	Wait , look !
alas , good Cassio !	Alas , good Cassio !
What hempen home-spuns have we swagg 'ring here , So near the cradle of the fairy queen ?	What woven country-folk do we have swaggering here , So near the cradle of the fairy queen ?
This is an aspic ’ s trail , and these fig leaves Have slime upon them , such as th ’ aspic leaves Upon the caves of Nile .	This is an asp ’ s trail , and these fig leaves have slime on them , just like the kind that asps deposit on the caves by the Nile .
And mine a hundred and forty .	And mine say a hundred and forty .
whither wander you ?	Where are you going ?
Why then , lead on .	Well , lead on .
For your dwelling , briefly .	For your house , — briefly .
Thence we looked toward England And cited up a thousand fearful times , During the wars of York and Lancaster That had befall 'n us .	Looking toward England , we reminisced about the countless frightening experiences we ’ d had in the wars between the Yorks and the Lancasters .
Dead , then ?	Is she dead , then ?
Oh , my soul ’ s joy !	But I ’ m overjoyed !
Then make a ring about the corpse of Caesar , And let me show you him that made the will .	Then make a circle around Caesar ’ s corpse , and let me show you the man who made this will .
The raven himself is hoarse That croaks the fatal entrance of Duncan Under my battlements .	The raven himself is hoarse With croaking about the fatal entrance of Duncan Under my castle walls .
Do you find Your patience so predominant in your nature That you can let this go ?	Are you so patient and forgiving that you ’ re going to let him off the hook ?
What he hath lost , noble Macbeth hath won .	What the traitor has lost , noble Macbeth has won .
I am very glad to see you .	I ’ m very glad to see you .
He ’ s gone .	He ’ s dead .
Go comfort your cousin .	Keep me in your thoughts and go comfort your cousin .
This thou shalt answer .	You ’ re going to pay for this , Roderigo .
The wife of Antony Should have an army for an usher and The neighs of horse to tell of her approach Long ere she did appear .	Antony ’ s wife should have an army to escort her , with neighing horses to announce her arrival long before she appears .
What is the cause , Laertes , That thy rebellion looks so giant-like ?	What is the cause , Laertes , That your rebellion looks so huge ?
Nay , then .	No , after you .
I will not choose what many men desire , Because I will not jump with common spirits , And rank me with the barbarous multitudes .	I will not choose what many men desire , Because I will not jump with common spirits And rank myself with the barbarous multitudes .
Who serv ’ st thou under ?	Whom do you serve under ?
Well , be it so .	Look who ’ s here !
Have I not heard the sea , puffed up with winds , Rage like an angry boar chafèd with sweat ?	I , who have survived storms at sea where the winds raged like wild animals ?
sits . — I did never think that lady would have loved any man .	I didn ’ t , either .
Say I will love her everlastingly .	Say I will love her everlastingly .
You are naught , you are naught !	Keep quiet , keep quiet .
He has almost supped .	He has almost finished dinner .
I guess at it .	I think I can guess what you ’ re about to say .
Most high , most mighty , and most puissant Caesar , Metellus Cimber throws before thy seat An humble heart — I must prevent thee , Cimber .	I have to stop you , Cimber .
Let ’ s do so .	Good idea .
A devil !	You mean a devil !
There ’ s not a man I meet but doth salute me As if I were their well-acquainted friend , And every one doth call me by my name .	Every person I meet greets me like an old friend , and every one of them knows my name .
I say my prayers aloud .	I say my prayers out loud .
How ?	How !
Wilt come ?	Will you come ?
I frown upon him , yet he loves me still .	I frown at him , but he still loves me .
Trinculo , run into no further danger : interrupt the monster one word further , and , by this hand , I 'll turn my mercy out o 'doors and make a stockfish of thee .	Trinculo , run into no further danger : interrupt the monster one word more and , I swear , I 'll turn you out of doors , and make a dried fish out of you .
My lady charged my duty in this business .	My lady ordered me to deliver her letter .
But swords I smile at , weapons laugh to scorn , Brandished by man that ’ s of a woman born .	I laugh at any weapon used by a man who was born from a woman .
I give him curses , yet he gives me love .	I curse him , but he loves me .
The concernancy , sir ?	And what ’ s the point , sir ?
Decius , go tell them Caesar will not come .	Decius , go tell them that Caesar won ’ t come .
Go in , Nerissa ; Give order to my servants , that they take No note at all of our being absent hence ; Nor you , Lorenzo : — Jessica , nor you .	Go in , Nerissa : Give orders to my servants that they take No notice at all of our being absent from here ; Nor you , Lorenzo ; Jessica , nor you .
Yes , other men have ill luck too .	Well , other men have bad luck too .
Even when you please , since you will have it so .	Whenever you want , since you ’ re the one who wants it .
No , Cassius , no .	No , Cassius , no .
And I.	Me too .
You wrong me every way .	You wrong me in every way .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
His antique sword , Rebellious to his arm , lies where it falls , Repugnant to command .	His old sword , Rebelling against his arm , lies where it falls , Resisting his commands .
I shall never see my gold again .	I ’ ll never see my gold again .
Let 's have no more of this ; let 's to our affairs .	Let 's have no more of this ; let 's to our affairs .
Get thee to bed .	Get to bed .
You gentle Romans — Peace , ho !	You gentle Romans , — Peace , oh !
I do know , When the blood burns , how prodigal the soul Lends the tongue vows .	I know when a man is on fire , he ’ ll swear anything .
Farewell .	Farewell .
My cousin ’ s a fool , and thou art another .	My cousin ’ s a fool , and you are too .
I have sent twenty out to seek for you .	I ’ ve sent twenty people to look for you .
The capon burns ; the pig falls from the spit ; The clock hath strucken twelve upon the bell ; My mistress made it one upon my cheek .	The chicken is burning , the pig is overcooked , the clock has already struck twelve , and my mistress has clocked me one on the cheek .
They are loves I bear to you .	My only sin was loving you too much .
He doth indeed show some sparks that are like wit .	He does indeed show sparks of something like wit .
A match !	It ’ s a bet !
Remember me .	Hamlet , remember me .
The pale companion is not for our pomp .	We don ’ t want it at our festivities .
I 'll warrant she 'll tax him home ; And , as you said , and wisely was it said , ' tis meet that some more audience than a mother , Since nature makes them partial , should o 'erhear The speech , of vantage .	And , as you said , and wisely it was said , It is proper that some beside his mother , Since nature makes them subjective , should overhear The speech objectively .
There is one within , Besides the things that we have heard and seen , Recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch .	Besides the things that We have heard and seen , there is a man inside Recounting the most horrid sights seen by the guards .
On my knees I beg That you ’ ll vouchsafe me raiment , bed , and food . ” Good sir , no more .	No more , please .
Give me some ink and paper .	Give me some ink and paper .
Good words are better than bad strokes , Octavius .	Good words are better than bad strokes , Octavius .
But thy vile race , Though thou didst learn , had that in ’ t which good natures Could not abide to be with .	But you had bad blood in you , no matter how much you learned , and good people couldn ’ t stand to be near you .
We will have more of this tomorrow .	We will talk about this more of this tomorrow .
Who dead ?	Who ’ s dead ?
We must not .	We must not .
Go release them , Ariel .	Go release them , Ariel .
This lion is a very fox for his valour .	This lion is a very fox for his courage .
I ’ ll have an action of battery against him if there be any law in Illyria .	I ’ ll sue him for assault and battery , if there ’ s any justice in Illyria .
Kent , on thy life , no more .	Kent , if you want to stay alive , stop talking .
Past all expressing .	So much I can ’ t express it .
And from thy hated presence part I so .	And now I ’ m going to leave your despised company .
And Cassio kill 'd ?	And Cassio killed ?
Good fool , as ever thou wilt deserve well at my hand , help me to a candle , and pen , ink , and paper .	Good fool , good jester , I ’ ll make it worth your while if you get me a candle , and a pen , ink and paper .
She has spoke what she should not , I am sure of that .	She said something she shouldn ’ t have said , I ’ m sure of that .
Indeed ?	Indeed !
If the heavens had been pleased , would we had so ended !	If God had been willing , I wish we had died in the same hour too !
All that is spoke is marred .	Everything we ’ ve heard is bad .
Is my lord angry ?	Is my lord angry ?
Let 's after him , Whose care is gone before to bid us welcome : It is a peerless kinsman .	Let ’ s go after the man Whose has gone before us to bid us welcome .
Therefore ’ tis certain he was not ambitious .	Therefore it ’ s certain that he wasn ’ t ambitious .
Impart .	Do tell .
What , will you have them weep our horses ' blood ?	What , you want them to weep our horses ' blood ?
How begot , how nourished ?	Answer ; answer .
Return with her ?	Go back with her ?
I must stay with the lackeys with the luggage of our camp .	I have to stay with the servants , who are with our camp ’ s luggage .
And you by land .	And you ’ ve done well on land .
Yea , Richard , when I know , for I protest As yet I do not .	I ’ ll tell you as soon as I know , Richard , because at this point I have no idea .
Where is our usual manager of mirth ?	Where is our usual manager of mirth ?
Art thou contented , Jew ?	Are you satisfied , Jew ?
Your reason ?	Why not ?
She is of so free , so kind , so apt , so blessed a disposition , she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested .	She is so generous , kind , and ready to help that she thinks it ’ s wrong not to do everything she can , even more than she is asked to do .
It appears , by his small light of discretion , that he is in the wane ; but yet , in courtesy , in all reason , we must stay the time .	It appears , by his small light of discretion , that he is growing dark , but still , politely , in all reason , we must pass the time .
None , man .	No .
The Dauphin , whom of succors we entreated , Returns us that his powers are yet not ready To raise so great a siege .	The Dauphin , whom we asked for reinforcements , sends back the answer that he ’ s not yet in a position to raise so great an army .
Cry mercy , lords and watchful gentlemen , That you have ta 'en a tardy sluggard here .	Pardon me , lords and gentlemen who stayed awake .
to Adrian &ket; How lush and How green !	How green !
The merchandise which thou hast brought from Rome Are all too dear for me .	The merchandise you bring from Rome is too expensive for me .
Gracious Olivia — What do you say , Cesario ? — Good my lord — My lord would speak .	Dearest Olivia — What do you have to say for yourself , Cesario ? — My lord , please — My lord wants to speak .
To whom , my lord ?	To whom , my lord ?
Alas , how is 't with you , That you do bend your eye on vacancy , And with the incorporal air do hold discourse ?	Alas , how are you , That you look on empty space , And carry on a conversation with the invisible air ?
For this relief much thanks .	Thanks for letting me go .
But after many ceremonies done , He calls for wine .	Finally , the ceremony done , he called for wine .
Can you remember any of the principal evils that he laid to the charge of women ?	What were the primary evils he claimed women were guilty of ?
Roderigo !	Roderigo !
You cannot , sir , take from me anything that I will more willingly part withal — except my life , except my life , except my life .	You cannot , sir , take from me anything that I will more willingly part with , except my life , except my life , except my life .
But let us rear The higher our opinion , that our stirring Can from the lap of Egypt ’ s widow pluck The ne ’ er lust-wearied Antony .	We must form a better opinion of ourselves if our uprising can pull the insatiable Antony ’ s attention away from that Egyptian widow .
May one be pardon 'd and retain the offence ?	May one be forgiven a sin and still hold on to its benefits ?
Meantime , but think how I may do thee good , And be inheritor of thy desire .	In the meantime , think about how I can do you good and give you what you want .
Hold , for shame !	Stop , for God ’ s sake !
Master , some show to welcome us to town .	Maybe it ’ s a parade to welcome us to town , master .
There 's more depends on this than on the value .	There 's more that depends on this ring than its value .
For often , with a solemn earnestness — More than indeed belonged to such a trifle — He begged of me to steal it .	He ’ d begged me to steal it many times .
Barnardo ?	Is that Barnardo ?
Be attentive .	Pay attention .
tis gone , and will not answer .	It is gone , and will not answer us .
Lo , now , lo !	Hey , look over there !
The time is out of joint .	The time is so out of whack .
to Trinculo &ket; Stand farther .	Stand farther away . — Come on , continue .
To vouch this , is no proof , Without more certain and more overt test Than these thin habits and poor likelihoods Of modern seeming do prefer against him .	To testify is not proof , Without wider and more open tests Than these thin habits and poor probabilities Of modern liking prefer against him .
Ay , there ’ s the villany .	Ah , there ’ s the problem .
I pray you bring me on the way a little And say if I shall see you soon at night .	Please , just walk with me a little ways , and tell me if I ’ ll see you later tonight .
Lepidus flatters both , Of both is flattered , but he neither loves , Nor either cares for him .	Lepidus flatters both of them , as they flatter him , but he doesn ’ t love them , and they don ’ t love him .
Your Highness told me I should post before .	Your Highness just told me that I should ride there before you .
If any , speak — for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , for it is he whom I have offended .
Early tomorrow will we rise and hence .	We ’ ll rise and leave early tomorrow .
The Duke himself , Or any of my brothers of the state , Cannot but feel this wrong as ' twere their own ; For if such actions may have passage free , Bond-slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be .	The duke himself , Or any of my brothers of the state , Can only feel this wrong as if it were their own ; Because if such actions may have passage free , Bond slaves and pagans shall be our statesmen .
Why may not imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander till he find it stopping a bung-hole ?	Why can ’ t imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander until he finds it stopping a wine barrel ?
Most mighty duke , vouchsafe me speak a word .	Mighty duke , please allow me to say something .
The Queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you fall to play .	The queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you start to play .
Your tale , sir , would cure deafness .	Your tale , sir , would cure deafness .
What “ quality ” ?	What “ passion ” ?
It is Captain Macmorris , is it not ?	It ’ s Captain Macmorris , right ?
I speak but brotherly of him , but should I anatomize him to thee as he is , I must blush and weep , and thou must look pale and wonder .	But if I really laid him bare , I ’ d have to weep and hang my head , and you would not believe me , his behavior is so shocking .
I ’ ll not endure it .	I won ’ t stand for it .
Is not this Stephano , my drunken butler ?	Isn ’ t this Stephano , my drunken butler ?
Do you wish then that the gods had made me poetical ?	But you still wish the gods had made me poetical ?
Gifts that God gives .	God gives those gifts — I had nothing to do with it .
Sir , the Queen .	Sir , here ’ s the Queen .
I pray you tell Benedick of it and hear what he will say .	Please , tell Benedick about her feelings and see what he has to say .
Tush , tush , man , never fleer and jest at me .	Damn you , don ’ t mock and sneer at me .
You were kneeled to an importuned otherwise By all of us , and the fair soul herself Weighed between loathness and obedience at Which end o 'th ’ beam should bow .	You were kneeled to and otherwise begged By all of us ; and the fair soul herself Considered at which option she should take , Between reluctance and obedience .
This savors not much of distraction .	Set him free .
You hear him all night .	You can hear them all night long .
What dost thou think ?	What are you thinking ?
Come , let ’ s away .	Let ’ s go .
He will , an if he live to be a man .	He will if he lives long enough to become a man .
Goodman Verges , sir , speaks a little off the matter .	Sorry , sir , Goodman Verges tends to ramble .
By ' r lady , I think it be so .	By our Lady , I think that ’ s true .
I have great comfort from this fellow .	I feel a lot better after talking to this guy .
You beastly knave , know you no reverence ?	Don ’ t you have any manners , you savage ?
If you ’ ll come to supper tonight , you may .	If you want to come have dinner with me , you can .
I ’ ll get me to a place more void , and there Speak to great Caesar as he comes along .	I ’ ll move to a more open place and there speak to great Caesar as he walks past .
The son is fled .	The son ran away .
A worthy pioneer !	What a tunneler !
Your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverent youth , and I praise God for you .	You speak like a very thankful and respectful boy , and may God bless you .
You tremble and look pale .	You tremble and look pale .
For , meeting her of late behind the wood , Seeking sweet favors from this hateful fool , I did upbraid her and fall out with her .	I ran into her recently at the edge of the forest , looking for sweet presents for this hateful idiot , and I scolded her and argued with her .
O , kiss me through the hole of this vile wall .	Oh , kiss me through the hole of this vile wall .
Even so great men great losses should endure .	That ’ s the way great men ought to endure great losses .
On me , that halts and am misshapen thus ?	On me , though I am limping and deformed ?
True , he hath my love ; And what is mine my love shall render him ; And she is mine ; and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius .	Yes , Demetrius has my approval ; And everything I own I will leave to him ; And she is mine ; and all my rights concerning her , I leave to Demetrius .
I loved Ophelia .	I loved Ophelia .
What art thou , fellow ?	Who are you , slave ?
How chance the roses there do fade so fast ?	Why have your rosy cheeks faded so quickly ?
He shall enlarge him .	He ’ ll release him .
Go apart , Adam , and thou shalt hear how he will shake me up .	Go hide , Adam , and you ’ ll hear how he abuses me .
Titinius , if thou lovest me , Mount thou my horse , and hide thy spurs in him Till he have brought thee up to yonder troops And here again , that I may rest assured Whether yond troops are friend or enemy .	Titinius , if you love me , get on your horse and spur him on until he ’ s brought you to those troops and back again , so that I can find out whether those troops are friends or enemies .
Go to .	Shut up .
With who ?	With who ?
Beat me !	Beat me !
Awakening &ket; What angel wakes me from my flowery bed ?	What angel wakes me from my flowery bed ?
The gold I gave to Dromio is laid up Safe at the Centaur , and the heedful slave Is wandered forth , in care to seek me out .	The gold I gave Dromio is safe and sound at the Centaur , and the inn host says that Dromio has left and is looking for me .
How now , my sweet Bianca !	What is it , my dear Bianca ?
I shall answer that better to the commonwealth , than you can the getting up of the negro 's belly ; the Moor is with child by you , Launcelot .	I shall answer that better to the community than you can explain the swelling of the negro 's belly ; the Moor is pregnant by you , Launcelot .
Let me say “ Amen ” betimes , lest the devil cross my prayer , for here he comes in the likeness of a Jew .	Let me say “ amen ” quickly , before the devil comes in and stops my prayer — because here comes the devil , disguised as a Jew .
But ’ tis not so .	But they aren ’ t .
I am satisfied .	I am satisfied .
I will to Venice .	I ’ m off to Venice .
Why then , thou hast it .	Well , that ’ s what you get to do .
If ever he go alone again , I ’ ll never wrestle for prize more .	If he can manage to walk after our fight , I ’ ll never wrestle for money again .
What means this shouting ?	Why are they shouting ?
Cambio is changed into Lucentio .	Cambio is transformed into Lucentio .
Well , peace be with you .	Well , anyway , goodbye .
Tis figured in my tongue .	I ’ ve told you .
Is it your own inclin- ing ?	Is it your own desire to come here ?
Well met , well met , Master Antipholus .	Good to see you , Master Antipholus .
Oh well done !	Well done !
Is there division ' twixt my lord and Cassio ?	Is there division between my lord and Cassio ?
Will you withdraw ?	Will you go hide ?
Sirrah , I ’ ll teach thee a speech .	I ’ ll recite something for you , guy .
Tis wonder that thy life and wits at once Had not concluded all . — He wakes .	It ’ s a wonder you didn ’ t lose your life and your mind all at once . — He ’ s waking up .
Our army shall In solemn show attend this funeral , And then to Rome .	Our army shall somberly attend this funeral and then depart for Rome .
Yet again your fingers to your lips ?	Still your fingers to your lips again ?
Have by some surgeon , Shylock , on your charge , To stop his wounds lest he do bleed to death .	Pay a surgeon to stand by and bind his wounds , Shylock , so he doesn ’ t bleed to death .
Blow , till thou burst thy wind , if room enough !	To the storm &ket; Blow your wind until you burst , so long as there ’ s room enough for us .
Tis vile , unless it may be quaintly ordered , And better , in my mind , not undertook .	It ’ s nasty , unless they may be skillfully ordered , And I think it ’ s better not to be undertaken .
At last I left them I ' th ' filthy-mantled pool beyond your cell , There dancing up to th ' chins , that the foul lake O 'erstunk their feet .	In the end I left them standing in the smelly pond behind your room , with the stinking water covering them up to their chins .
Call thyself “ sister , ” sweet , for I am thee .	Call yourself your own sister , because I want you .
You envy my advancement , and my friends ' .	You resent my friends ' rise in society , and my own .
Death , traitor !	Like hell !
Michael , good night .	Goodnight , Michael .
Richard !	Richard .
He attends here in the forest on the duke your father .	He ’ s staying in the forest with your father now .
Help , Charmian , help , Iras , help !	Help , Charmian , help , Iras , help !
Hang not on my garments .	Don ’ t hang on my clothes .
As from your graves rise up , and walk like sprites , To countenance this horror !	Rise up as you would from your graves , and walk like spirits To see this horror !
That lord that counseled thee To give away thy land , Come place him here by me .	Bring here The gentleman who advised you To give away your land .
Thou did promise To bate me a full year .	You promised To give it to me after a full year .
Give me your hand , sir .	Give me your hand , sir .
Nay , rather persuade him to hold his hands .	No , you should tell him to hold his hands !
God keep your Lordship in that gracious mind .	Well , let ’ s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind .
I never was nor never will be false .	I was never disloyal , and I never will be .
This prince hath neither claimed it nor deserved it And therefore , in mine opinion , cannot have it .	The prince has done neither ; therefore , in my opinion , he isn ’ t really protected by sanctuary .
Wherefore weep you ?	Why are you crying ?
And be these juggling fiends no more believed , That palter with us in a double sense , That keep the word of promise to our ear , And break it to our hope .	And let these deceitful fiends be believed no more , That trick us with double meanings , That keep the word of promise to our ears , And break it to our hopes !
My kind Antonio , I can no other answer make but thanks , And thanks , and ever thanks .	My friend Antonio , all I can say is thank you .
Jailer , look to him .	Jailer , keep an eye on him .
Do you see this , O God ?	Do you see this , O God ?
Why , then Othello and Desdemona return again to Venice .	Then Desdemona and Othello will go back to Venice .
Trust me , I fear it has .	Really , I ’ m afraid you are .
You must not stay here longer .	You can ’ t stay here any longer .
Thou runaway , thou coward , art thou fled ?	You coward , did you run away from me ?
Shall I strike now ?	Should I do it now ?
O , grief hath changed me since you saw me last , And careful hours with time ’ s deformèd hand Have written strange defeatures in my face .	Oh , grief has transformed me since the last time you saw me .
Madam , I will .	Madam , I will .
Have after .	Let ’ s do it .
Look , he recovers .	Look , he ’ s recovering .
O , if I thought that , I ’ d beat him like a dog !	Oh , I ’ ll beat him up for that !
Thanks to your Majesty .	Thank you , your majesty .
A stone-cutter or painter could not have made him so ill though they had been but two years o ' th ' trade .	A sculptor or a painter couldn ’ t have screwed him up as bad as that , even as an apprentice .
He shall live a man forbid .	He will live as a cursed man .
I thought so then , I ’ ll kill myself for grief .	I ’ ll kill myself out of grief !
And to deal plainly I fear I am not in my perfect mind .	To put it plainly , I ’ m afraid I ’ m not quite sane .
Thank you .	Thank you .
It provokes the desire , but it takes away the performance .	It persuades you and discourages you .
He was wont to call me usurer ; let him look to his bond .	He liked to call me a loan shark ; let him think about his debt to me .
There is a litter ready .	Put
Is execution done on Cawdor ?	Is the execution of Cawdor carried out ?
Discern 'st thou aught in that ?	Do you see anything in that ?
Take them in .	Take them in .
Farewell , hostess .	Farewell , hostess .
I am not well in health , and that is all .	I ’ m not feeling well — that ’ s all .
If you do love Rosalind so near the heart as your gesture cries it out , when your brother marries Aliena shall you marry her .	If you love Rosalind as much as you say you do , you will marry her when your brother marries Aliena .
By Providence divine .	By Divine Providence .
There ’ s beggary in the love that can be reckoned .	It would be a pretty stingy love if it could be counted and calculated .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is that possible ?
What , An advocate for an imposter ?	You ’ re defending an impostor ?
Cicero one ?	Cicero too ?
There ’ s no clock in the forest .	There ’ s no clock here in the forest .
They shall , Nerissa ; but in such a habit , That they shall think we are accomplished With that we lack .	They shall , Nerissa ; but in such a costume That they ’ ll think we are finished With that we don ’ t have .
My brother ’ s love , the devil , and my rage .	My brother ’ s love , the devil , and my own anger made me do it .
In Orsino ’ s bosom .	In Orsino ’ s heart .
Sir Toby will be sworn that I am no fox , but he will not pass his word for two pence that you are no fool .	Sir Toby would bet a fortune that I ’ m not smart , but he wouldn ’ t bet two cents that you ’ re not a fool .
Or shall I think in silver she 's immur 'd , Being ten times undervalued to tried gold ?	Or shall I think she 's enclosed in the walls of this silver one , Being worth ten times less than traditional gold ?
No .	No .
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes , 90 In which so many smiling Romans bathed , Signifies that from you great Rome shall suck Reviving blood , and that great men shall press For tinctures , stains , relics , and cognizance .	Your statue spouting blood in many pipes , In which so many smiling Romans bathed , Signifies that , from you , great Rome shall suck Reviving blood , and that great men shall ask For tinctures , stains , relics , and recognition .
Frailty , thy name is woman — A little month , or ere those shoes were old With which she follow 'd my poor father 's body Like Niobe , all tears — why she , even she — O God !	Weakness , your name is woman — A little month , even before those shoes with which she Followed my poor father 's body were old , she was Totally inconsolable , all tears , why she , even she — O God !
It may be , very like .	It may be , it certainly may be .
What was th ' impediment that broke this off ?	What kept you from telling him this ?
That by proscription and bills of outlawry Octavius , Antony , and Lepidus Have put to death an hundred senators .	That Octavius , Antony , and Lepidus Have put to death an hundred Senators By decrees of death and bills in defiance of the law .
I knew your father .	I knew your father .
No .	No .
Nay , we must think men are not gods , I was , unhandsome warrior as I am , Arraigning his unkindness with my soul ; But now I find I had suborn 'd the witness , And he 's indicted falsely .	Scold me a lot , Emilia , I was , unhandsome warrior as I am , Charging his unkindness with a crime of my soul ; But now I find I had falsely testified , And he 's falsely accused .
No , I went round to work , And my young mistress thus I did bespeak : “ Lord Hamlet is a prince out of thy star .	And so I said to my daughter : “ Lord Hamlet is a prince , he ’ s out of your league .
This sight would make him do a desperate turn , Yea , curse his better angel from his side And fall to reprobation .	It would make him curse the heavens and be damned to hell .
And so am I for Rosalind .	And I for Rosalind .
Hark !	Listen !
She is a virtuous and a reverend lady .	She ’ s a virtuous and holy lady .
We wait upon your Grace .	We will wait on you , your majesty .
We have sworn , my lord , already .	But we already swore , sir .
There I have another bad match ! — a bankrupt , a prodigal who dare scarce show his head on the Rialto , a beggar that was used to come so smug upon the mart .	That ’ s another bad deal I ’ ve made ! — a bankrupt , a spendthrift , who now has to hide his head on the Rialto , a beggar who used to look so smug in front of the other merchants .
Nay , that ’ s certain .	That ’ s true .
What other bond Than secret Romans that have spoke the word And will not palter ?	What other bonds Than secret Romans , that have spoken the word , And will not negotiate without honor ?
Then pleaded I for you .	And that ’ s true — he Then I pleaded for you .
This is the brief of money , plate , and jewels I am possessed of .	This is the inventory of the money , silverware , dishes , and jewels that are still in my possession .
Ay , let her rot and perish and be damned tonight , for she shall not live .	Yes , let her die and rot and go to hell tonight .
Nay , the man hath no wit that cannot , from the rising of the lark to the lodging of the lamb , vary deserved praise on my palfrey .	No , the man who cannot extol the virtues of my horse from dawn to dusk is not particularly clever .
It is almost morning , And yet I am sure you are not satisfied Of these events at full .	It ’ s almost morning , but I ’ m sure you ’ re not fully satisfied about what happened .
But if thy love were ever like to mine — As sure I think did never man love so — How many actions most ridiculous Hast thou been drawn to by thy fantasy ?	If your love was anything like mine — and I ’ m sure that no man has loved as I love now — exactly how many ridiculous actions did your fantasizing lead you to ?
Will you hear the letter ?	Do you want to hear what she says ?
Why , I can buy me twenty at any market .	Oh , I can buy twenty husbands at any market .
And what art thou that dar ’ st Appear thus to us ?	Who do you think you are coming in here armed ?
I had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me .	I would rather listen to my dog bark at a crow than hear a man swear that he loves me .
Thus do I ever make my fool my purse .	That ’ s how I always do it , getting money from fools .
Phoebe did write it .	Phoebe wrote it .
I had rather be a canker in a hedge than a rose in his grace , and it better fits my blood to be disdained of all than to fashion a carriage to rob love from any .	I ’ d rather be a weed in a hedge than a rose in my brother ’ s garden .
She swoons to see them bleed .	She fainted at the sight of them bleeding .
What ’ s here ?	What ’ s this ?
This I wonder at , That he , unknown to me , should be in debt .	How could he be in debt without me knowing it ?
But I have none .	But I don ’ t have any good sides .
Tis Lodovico Come from the Duke .	It is Lodovico Come from the duke .
I pray you all , stand up .	Please , all of you , stand up .
Why , how now , Kate !	Why , dear me , Kate !
Toward Peloponnesus are they fled .	They fled toward Peloponnesus .
What then ?	What then ?
If you will see it , follow me .	If you want to watch , follow me .
Who ’ s here ?	Who ’ s this ?
And make him with fair Ægles break his faith , With Ariadne and Antiopa ?	And weren ’ t you the one who made him cheat on all of his other girlfriends , like Aegles , Ariadne , and Antiopa ?
The town is empty ; on the brow o ' the sea Stand ranks of people , and they cry , “ A sail ! ” My hopes do shape him for the governor .	The town is empty ; on the seashore Ranks of people stand , and they cry , " A sail !
Sir John Falstaff .	Sir John Falstaff .
How now , Malvolio ?	What ’ s going on , Malvolio ?
Follow , follow !	Follow it , follow it !
How now !	How now !
No , Kate ?	No , Kate ?
Bring him with triumph home unto his house !	Let ’ s carry him in triumph to his house !
As whence the sun ’ gins his reflection Shipwrecking storms and direful thunders break , So from that spring whence comfort seem 'd to come Discomfort swells .	Just as when the sun rises and Shipwrecking storms and terrible thunder stop , So from that man , who seemed to bring comfort , Discomfort got worse .
I ’ ll not meddle with him .	I won ’ t mess with him .
She is protectress of her honor too .	Her reputation is also her own .
She give it Cassio ?	She give it Cassio !
Your way is shorter .	You ’ re taking a shorter route .
Nay , it is .	It looks that way .
Ready , my lord .	They ’ re ready , my lord .
Fie , fie on all tired jades , on all mad masters , and all foul ways !	To hell with all worn-out horses , all crazy masters , and all bad roads .
Believe none of us .	Don ’ t believe any of us .
Brown , madam , and her forehead As low as she would wish it .	Brown , madam , and she wouldn ’ t want her forehead to be any lower .
Go to , go to .	Go on .
What ceremony else ?	What other ceremony ?
Here ’ s Decius Brutus .	Here ’ s Decius Brutus .
Heavens shield Lysander , if they mean a fray !	Heavens shield Lysander , if they really mean to fight !
Grieved I I had but one ?	Am I sorry that I only had one child ?
Yet , I beseech you , If you think fit , or that it may be done , Give me advantage of some brief discourse With Desdemona alone .	Still , I beg you , If you think it ’ s okay , or that it may be done , Get me a chance to speak briefly With Desdemona alone .
I 'll be thy second .	I 'll be right behind you .
She is cunning past man ’ s thought .	She ’ s more cunning than anyone can imagine .
If consequence do but approve my dream My boat sails freely , both with wind and stream .	If the future turns out as I hope it will , I ’ m all set for success .
Therefore the sadness is without limit .	Therefore my sadness is without limit .
But , brother , I can tell you strange news that you yet dreamt not of .	But brother , I have some strange news for you .
You know sometimes he walks four hours together Here in the lobby .	Well , you know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours at a time .
And now to our French causes .	And now , let ’ s turn to our business with the French .
I warrant something from Venice .	I think someone ’ s coming from Venice .
Tis well .	That ’ s great .
Though Birnam Wood be come to Dunsinane , And thou opposed , being of no woman born , Yet I will try the last .	Although Birnam wood did come to Dunsinane , And you against me , being given birth to by a woman , I will still fight to the end .
For me , with sorrow I embrace my fortune .	As for me , I welcome my good luck with sadness .
Let her have your voice .	Please allow her to do this .
He doth nothing but frown , as who should say , “ An you will not have me , choose . ” He hears merry tales and smiles not .	He does nothing but frown , as if he wants to say , “ If you don ’ t want me , I don ’ t care . ” He doesn ’ t even smile when he hears funny stories .
As mine eyes opened , I saw their weapons drawn .	When I opened my eyes , I saw their swords out .
A man , as you are .	A man , like you .
Now art thou my lieutenant .	You ’ re my lieutenant now .
I had forgot — three months .	Yes , I forgot — three months .
Fear me not , man .	Don ’ t worry , man , I won ’ t try to escape .
And laid the love juice on some true love ’ s sight .	That ’ s the way of the world .
With what I get , I mean ; and so do they .	With what I get , I mean , as they do .
Peace , fool .	Shut up , fool .
Think , my lord ? ” Alas , thou echo ’ st me As if there were some monster in thy thought Too hideous to be shown .	Thinking , my lord ? ” My God , you keep repeating everything I say as if you were thinking something too horrible to say out loud .
You do advance your cunning more and more .	You get trickier and trickier .
The cunning of her passion Invites me in this churlish messenger .	creet .
Before my body I throw my warlike shield !	I throw my warlike shield Before my body .
I cannot tell ; I think not .	I ’ m not sure , but I don ’ t think so .
The Lord in heaven bless thee , noble Harry !	The Lord in heaven bless you , noble Harry !
Therefore our everlasting farewell take .	For that reason , take our last , eternal goodbye .
Alas , alas !	Oh , it ’ s too bad !
He did bewray his practice , and received This hurt you see striving to apprehend him .	He exposed Edgar ’ s murderous plot , and was wounded , as you see there , when trying to apprehend him .
Our good old friend , Lay comforts to your bosom , and bestow Your needful counsel to our business , Which craves the instant use .	So please , old friend , give us some good advice .
Good love , call him back .	My love , call him back in here .
Good shepherd , tell this youth what ’ tis to love .	Silvius , tell this youth what it means to be in love .
Ay , Desdemona .	Yes , Desdemona .
Your tale , sir , would cure deafness .	Of course I hear it .
Let me have audience for a word or two .	Let me have your attention for a moment .
Why then , thus it is : You must prepare your bosom for his knife .	Well , then , here it is : you must prepare yourself for his knife .
I must be circumstanced .	I have to make do .
We are such stuff As dreams are made on , and our little life Is rounded with a sleep .	We are all made of dreams , and our life stretches from sleep before birth to sleep after death .
to Gonzalo &ket; Wherefore this What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
I ’ ll join with black despair against my soul And to myself become an enemy .	I plan to fall into the blackest despair .
Why , even in that was heaven ordinant .	Why , even in that was heaven good to me .
Hear it not , Duncan , for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven , or to hell .	Don ’ t hear it , Duncan , for it is a sorrowful omen of death That summons you to heaven or to hell .
If not , assure yourself I will seek satisfaction of you .	If not , I ’ ll challenge you to a duel .
Let her come in .	Let her come in .
How now , my sweet Bianca !	Come now , my sweet Bianca !
Woe , alas !	Woe , alas !
Still it cried , “ Sleep no more ! ” to all the house .	The voice kept crying , “ Sleep no more ! ” to everyone in the house .
I 'll bring you to him .	I 'll bring you to him .
To die , to sleep .	To die , to sleep — to sleep , maybe to dream .
Benedick , didst thou note the daughter of Signior Leonato ?	Benedick , did you notice Signior Leonato ’ s daughter ?
Ay , marry , what is he ?	Yes , but who is he ?
This accident is not unlike my dream , Belief of it oppresses me already .	I dreamt about this .
Do that good mischief which may make this island Thine own for ever , and I , thy Caliban , For aye thy foot-licker .	Do the deed that will make this island yours forever , and will make me , Caliban , your worshipful foot-licker .
And when he saw my best alarumed spirits , Bold in the quarrel ’ s right , roused to the encounter , Or whether ghasted by the noise I made , Full suddenly he fled .	Bolstered by righteousness , I prepared to fight , and when he saw my excitement — or perhaps because my shouting scared him — he ran away suddenly .
Where have you this ?	Where did you hear this ?
Ah , sirrah , a body would think this was well-counterfeited .	Oh , sir , someone would think I was a good fake .
Go you with me and I will use your skill . — Good cousin , have a care this busy time .	Come with me now , and help me out .
Wilt thou be lord of the whole world ?	Would you like to be king of the entire world ?
In verity you did . — My bones bear witness , That since have felt the vigour of his rage .	You truly did .
I alone will go .	I ’ m going on alone .
But i ' faith , I should have been a woman by right .	But honestly , I should have been a woman .
The noblest deer hath them as huge as the rascal .	The nobleman ’ s are as huge as the underfed villager ’ s .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
The sight of lovers feedeth those in love .	Yes , what about him ?
What noise is that ?	What ’ s that noise ?
I call thee not .	I didn ’ t call you .
That he hath used thee .	That he has used you .
God be at your table !	God be at your table !
Accursed be that tongue that tells me so , For it hath cow 'd my better part of man !	Curse you for telling me that , Because it has intimidated my better part of man !
Ay , by heaven , my lord .	Yes , I swear .
Mark Antony , here , take you Caesar ’ s body .	Mark Antony , take Caesar ’ s body .
Sir Toby , madam , your kinsman .	Sir Toby , madam , your relative .
Thou shalt not back till I have borne this corse Into the marketplace .	Don ’ t go back until I ’ ve carried the corpse into the marketplace .
What is thy name , young man ?	What is your name , young man ?
Heaven rest them now .	May God give their souls rest .
But how is it That this lives in thy mind ?	But how is it possible that you still remember this , through all the darkness of the past ?
They are in the very wrath of love , and they will together .	They ’ re in the heat of passion ; they simply have to be together .
Even he that makes her queen .	The one who makes her queen , of course .
I have promised to make all this matter even .	I ’ ve promised to make everything right .
It shall be said his judgement ruled our hands ; Our youths and wildness shall no whit appear , But all be buried in his gravity .	It shall be said that his judgment ruled our hands ; Our youths and wildness won ’ t appear at all , But all be buried in his seriousness .
Sweet friends , your patience for my long abode .	My dear friends , thanks for your patience .
What you have spoke , it may be so perchance .	What you just said may perhaps be true .
Nym , thou hast spoke the right .	Nym , what you say is true .
Nay , I am for all waters .	I can do anything !
And so near will I be That your best friends shall wish I had been further .	and so near will I be , That your best friends shall wish I had been further away .
Be the players ready .	Are the players ready ?
We took him for a coward , but he ’ s the very devil incardinate .	We thought he was a coward , but he fights like a devil .
Take thy fair hour , Laertes .	Show her in .
What is it she does now ?	What ’ s she doing now ?
Nothing but death shall stay me .	Nothing but death shall stop me .
Time , thou The flighty purpose never is o 'ertook Unless the deed go with it .	The flighty purpose never is understood Unless the deed goes with it .
Why then , your other senses grow imperfect By your eyes ' anguish .	Then your other senses must be getting worse because of the trauma of blindness .
See it done And feast the army .	See that it is done , and prepare a feast for the soldiers .
He that thou knowest thine , Hamlet .	He that you knows you , HAMLET .
He does smile his face into more lines than is in the new map with the augmentation of the Indies .	He smiles so much his face has more lines in it than a map of the East Indies .
I tell you , Captain , if you look in the maps of the ' orld , I warrant you shall find , in the comparisons between Macedon and Monmouth , that the situations , look you , is both alike .	I tell you , Captain , if you look at a map of the world , I ’ ll bet you will find , comparing Macedon and Monmouth , that the situations , see , are very similar .
Had you not come upon your cue , my lord , William Lord Hastings had pronounced your part — I mean your voice for crowning of the king .	If you hadn ’ t shown up on cue , my lord , Lord Hastings was going to take your part — I mean , he was going to speak for you — in the crowning of the king .
Ay , very well , my lord .	Yes , very well , sir .
No watch ?	Isn ’ t there a guard around ?
My babes were destined to a fairer death If grace had blessed thee with a fairer life .	My children would have enjoyed a better death if God had blessed you with a purer life .
I like him very well .	I like him very well .
For that It is not night when I do see your face , Therefore I think I am not in the night ; Nor doth this wood lack worlds of company , For you , in my respect , are all the world .	It isn ’ t night whenever I see your face , So I don ’ t think it ’ s night , And this forest doesn ’ t lack worlds of company , For you , in my respect , are all the world .
I think we do know the sweet Roman hand .	I think we know whose fancy handwriting that was .
Yes , Cassius , and from henceforth , When you are overearnest with your Brutus , He 'll think your mother chides , and leave you so .	Yes , Cassius , and , from here on in , When you ’ re over-aggressive with your Brutus , He 'll think your mother scolds , and leave you alone .
Now go thy way .	Go wherever you want .
Therefore prepare to die .	So prepare to die .
O excellent young man !	Oh , you excellent young man !
I say a husband .	I mean a husband .
One inch of delay more is a South Sea of discovery .	Every second you delay is as long and dull as a journey to South Seas .
Marry , peace it bodes , and love , and quiet life , And awful rule , and right supremacy , And , to be short , what not that ’ s sweet and happy ?	It means peace and love and a quiet life , supremacy based on reverence and profound respect , and — not to go on and on about it — everything that ’ s sweet and happy .
To one of your receiving Enough is shown .	For someone as intelligent as you the situation must be clear enough .
I know him now .	Now I know him now .
So , prithee , go with me .	So , I beg you , go with me .
And , if thou prate of mountains , let them throw Millions of acres on us , till our ground , Singeing his pate against the burning zone , Make Ossa like a wart !	And , if you babble about mountains , let them throw Millions of acres on us , until our ground , Singeing his head against the burning sun , Make the highest mountain like a wart !
Take thy face hence .	Take your face out of here .
And look when I am king , claim thou of me The earldom of Hereford , and all the moveables Whereof the king my brother was possessed .	And when I ’ m king , remember to ask me for the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it , which my brother the king used to own .
And we ’ ll wear out In a walled prison packs and sects of great ones That ebb and flow by the moon .	In prison we ’ ll outlast hordes of rulers that will come and go as their fortunes change .
I am ashamed I did yield to them .	I ’ m ashamed that I gave in to them .
I hope so , Lepidus .	I hope it works out for the best , Lepidus .
Calls your Worship ?	Did you call for me , your Worship ?
Thy death and fortunes bid thy followers fly .	Your death and destiny advise your followers to escape .
What you have said I will consider , what you have to say I will with patience hear , and find a time Both meet to hear and answer such high things .	I ’ ll think over what you ’ ve said , I ’ ll listen patiently to whatever else you have to say , and I ’ ll find a good time for us to discuss further such weighty matters .
Soldiers , have careful watch .	Soldiers , watch carefully .
Come now , keep thine oath ; Now be a freeman , and with this good sword , That ran through Caesar 's bowels , search this bosom .	Come now , keep your oath ; Now be a freeman , and , search this chest with this good sword , That ran through Caesar 's bowels .
I pray you , is my master yet returned ?	Has my master returned yet ?
No , ’ tis hereafter to know , but now to promise .	Now there can only be the promise .
What is , my lord ?	What is , my lord ?
If thou couldst , doctor , cast The water of my land , find her disease And purge it to a sound and pristine health , I would applaud thee to the very echo , That should applaud again .	If you could , doctor , analyze The urine of my land , find her disease , And purge it to a sound and former health , I would praise you to the very echo , That should praise again .
Yet do not fear ; Scotland hath foisons to fill up your will Of your mere own .	Still , don ’ t be afraid Scotland has harvests enough to satisfy you , Of your very own .
By my troth , he ’ ll yield the crow a pudding one of these days .	I swear , he ’ ll be food for the crows soon .
God bless you , sir .	God bless you , sir .
I am debating of my present store : And , by the near guess of my memory , I cannot instantly raise up the gross Of full three thousand ducats .	I am debating about my present monies , And , by the nearest guess , I remember that I cannot instantly raise up the whole sum Of three thousand dollars .
See 'st thou this sweet sight ?	Do you see this sweet sight ?
Royal Lear , Whom I have ever honored as my king , Loved as my father , as my master followed , As my great patron thought on in my prayers — The bow is bent and drawn .	King Lear , I ’ ve always honored you as king , loved you as my father , obeyed you as my master , and thanked you in my prayers — I ’ m furious and ready to snap .
But why , why , why ?	But why , why , why ?
As kill a king ?	As killing a king !
Then bid adieu to me , and say the tears Belong to Egypt .	Then say good-bye to me and tell me those tears were for my benefit .
What should he be ?	Who would that be ?
O most pernicious woman !	O most pernicious woman !
Wherefore rejoice ?	Why rejoice ?
Which in his dearest need will fly from him .	In his greatest need , even they will desert him .
Here , sweet lord , at your service .	Here I am at your service , my dear lord .
Let us go .	Let ’ s go .
Fair and noble hostess , We are your guest tonight .	Fair and noble hostess , we are your guests tonight .
Untimely storms make men expect a dearth .	When storms arrive early , you can expect the harvest will be damaged .
I ’ ll have no halves .	I ’ ll have no halves .
Long stayed he so .	He stayed like that a long time .
Be not acknown on 't ; I have use for it .	Mind your own business ; I have use for it .
I never hurt you .	I never hurt you .
She must change for youth .	She ’ ll have to have it .
What is it that you would impart to me ?	What do you want to tell me ?
Then I salute you with this royal title : Long live Richard , England ’ s worthy king !	Then I salute you with this royal title : long live Richard , England ’ s worthy king !
They say he parted well and paid his score .	They tell me he died well , and settled his scores .
No more yet of this , For ‘ tis a chronicle of day by day , Not a relation for a breakfast , nor Befitting this first meeting .	No more yet about this ; Because it is a story of day by day , Not a story for a breakfast or Befitting this first meeting .
Whose tongue ?	Whose tongue ?
Ay , good fool .	Yes , good fool .
Menas , I ’ ll not on shore .	Menas , I ’ m not going back on shore .
Who you are and what you would are out of my welkin , I might say “ element , ” but the word is overworn .	I ’ d say I was “ out of my element , ” but that phrase is overused , so I ’ ll say I ’ m “ out of my air . ”
Trinculo , if you trouble him any more in 's tale , by this hand , I will supplant some of your teeth .	Trinculo , if you trouble him any more in his tale , by this hand , I will displace some of your teeth .
Be assured you may .	I assure you he can .
I shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster .	I shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster .
My remembrance is very free and clear from any image of offense done to any man .	I can ’ t remember anything I ’ ve ever done to offend anyone .
So do I , my lord .	So do I , my lord ; They are entirely welcome .
So is Lysander .	So is Lysander .
let their beds Be made as soft as yours , and let their palates Be season 'd with such viands ?	Let their beds Be made as soft as yours , and let their palates Be seasoned with such rich meats ?
Twas a rough night .	It was a rough night .
It is a paltry cap , A custard-coffin , a bauble , a silken pie .	It ’ s a measly little cap , a dessert crust , a plaything , a silk pie .
Thou most lying slave , Whom stripes may move , not kindness !	You liar , you respond better to the whip than to kindness !
His forward voice now is to speak well of his friend .	One voice speaks well and talks about his friend .
I would I had your bond ; for I perceive A weak bond holds you ; I 'll not trust your word .	I wish I had your guarantee , because I see that A weak bond holds you ; I 'll not trust your word .
I wish him joy of her .	Right over to that I hope he enjoys her .
For , you know , Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight .	Because , you know , Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight .
Is he of God ’ s making ?	Did God make him ?
Under what captain serve you ?	What captain do you serve ?
I could be sad .	I could be sad if I wanted to be .
The sun doth gild our armor .	The sun glints off our armor .
O you hard hearts , you cruel men of Rome , Knew you not Pompey ?	O you hard hearts , you cruel men of Rome , Didn ’ t you know Pompey ?
Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell .	Heaven knows you ’ re as unfaithful as hell .
What treasure had he , my lord ?	What treasure did he have , my lord ?
That thing you speak of , I took it for a man .	I thought that thing you ’ re talking about was a man .
That eyeless head of thine was first framed flesh To raise my fortunes .	That blind head of yours was created to make me rich .
But come at once ; For the close night doth play the run-away , And we are stay 'd for at Bassanio 's feast .	But come at once , Because the night is running away , And we are waited for at Bassanio 's feast .
It is the poison 'd cup ; it is too late .	It is the poisoned cup ; it is too late .
Now , fair Hippolyta , our nuptial hour Draws on apace ; four happy days bring in Another moon ; but , O , methinks , how slow This old moon wanes !	Now , fair Hippolyta , the time for our wedding is very close ; Just four more happy days until the new moon .
Let them guard the door .	Let them guard the door .
What , if my house be troubled with a rat And I be pleas 'd to give ten thousand ducats To have it ban 'd ?	What if a rat troubles my house , And I am happy to give ten thousand dollars To have it captured ?
No , faith , hate him not , for my sake .	No , please don ’ t hate him — for my sake .
Hamlet , thou art slain .	Hamlet , you ’ re dead .
Tis noble Kent , your friend .	It ’ s noble Kent , your friend .
She dying gave it me , And bid me , when my fate would have me wive , To give it her .	My mother , dying , gave it to me , And asked me , when my fate would have me marry , To give it to my wife .
Heaven bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general Othello !	Heaven bless the isle of Cyprus and our noble general Othello !
Let a beast be lord of beasts , and his crib shall stand at the king 's mess .	Let a beast be lord of beasts , and his cattle shall stand at the king 's dinner table .
Let our catch be “ Thou Knave . ” “ Hold thy peace , thou knave , ” knight ?	Let ’ s dance to “ You Jerk . ” You mean , “ Shut up , you jerk ” ?
This admiration , sir , is much o ' th ' savor Of other your new pranks .	This fake astonishment of yours is just like your other pranks .
Of thy misprision must perforce ensue Some true love turn 'd , and not a false turn 'd true .	Some true love turned false must follow because of your mistake , And not a false love turned true .
The object poisons sight ; Let it be hid .	The object of poison ’ s sight ; Let it be hidden .
If only to go warm were gorgeous , Why , nature needs not what thou gorgeous wear ’ st , Which scarcely keeps thee warm .	If you dressed only to stay warm , you wouldn ’ t need these gorgeous clothes you ’ re wearing — which don ’ t keep you warm at all .
A poured a flagon of Rhenish on my head once .	He poured a pint of Rhine wine on my head once .
They ’ ll kill us .	They ’ ll kill us !
But that I do not .	But I don ’ t remember coming here .
I have years on my back forty- eight .	I ’ m forty-eight .
And then the boy , his clerk , That took some pains in writing , he begged mine .	And then his clerk , who went to a lot of trouble with the writing , begged for mine .
I ’ ll then nor give nor hazard aught for lead .	So I won ’ t give or risk anything for lead .
Unknit that threat 'ning unkind brow And dart not scornful glances from those eyes To wound thy lord , thy king , thy governor .	This disrespectful stance toward the man who is your lord , your king , your governor tarnishes your beauty the way the frosts of winter blights the land .
Reproach and everlasting shame Sits mocking in our plumes .	Regret and everlasting shame sit on our helmets , mocking us .
Do not muse at me , my most worthy friends .	Do not muse at me , my most worthy friends .
Go charge Agrippa Plant those that have revolted in the vant , That Antony may seem to spend his fury Upon himself .	That way Antony will feel like he ’ s fighting his own men .
Why is Time such a niggard of hair , being , as it is , so plentiful an excrement ?	Why is Time so cheap about giving out hair ?
You had musty victual , and he hath holp to eat it .	You had rotten food , and he helped you eat it .
On the sixth hour , at which time , my lord , You said our work should cease .	It ’ s after six o 'clock , my lord , when you said our work would be finished .
My good lord .	Hello , sir .
Where ’ s thy conscience now ?	Where ’ s your conscience now ?
On each side her Stood pretty dimpled boys , like smiling Cupids , With divers-colored fans , whose wind did seem To glow the delicate cheeks which they did cool , And what they undid did .	Pretty , Cupid-like boys stood on either side of her , smiling and cooling her with multicolored fans , which seemed to fan the flames in her cheeks even as they cooled them , undoing what they did .
So they are .	That ’ s true , they are .
For but a month ago I went from hence , And then ’ twas fresh in murmur — as , you know , What great ones do the less will prattle of — That he did seek the love of fair Olivia .	But there was a rumor — you know , people always gossip about royalty — that he was in love with the beautiful Olivia .
Fair Portia 's counterfeit ?	Beautiful Portia 's picture !
Look , he stirs : Do you withdraw yourself a little while , He will recover straight .	Step aside and hide yourself a little while , He will recover right away .
Am I yourself But , as it were , in sort or limitation , To keep with you at meals , comfort your bed , And talk to you sometimes ?	Am I part of you But , as it were , in sort or limitation , — To keep you company at meals , sleep in your bed , And talk to you sometimes ?
Swounds , show me what thou 'lt do .	Damn it , show me what you ’ re going to do for her .
Where , my lord ?	Where , sir ?
Very well , my lord .	Yes , I did , my lord .
Come on , sir .	Come on , sir .
Would the night were come !	I wish the night were here already !
Madam , I am most apt to embrace your offer .	I accept that offer happily , madam .
Fare thee well at once .	Goodbye now !
There is not chastity enough in language , Without offense , to utter them . — Thus , pretty lady , I am sorry for thy much misgovernment .	Pretty lady , I ’ m much ashamed of your shocking behavior .
It is the greatest admiration in the universal world when the true and aunchient prerogatifes and laws of the wars is not kept .	It never ceases to amaze me the way people ignore the correct , traditional principles and rules of war .
Shall I attend your Grace ?	Shall I accompany your Grace ?
Say , why is this ?	Say , why is this ?
It is no mean happiness , therefore , to be seated in the mean ; superfluity comes sooner by white hairs , but competency lives longer .	It ’ s not an insignificant happiness , therefore , to be well situated in regard to financial resources : having more than enough comes at some time or other to old men , but having a sufficient income lasts longer .
Ay , sweet Rosalind .	Yes , sweet Rosalind .
Even so great men great losses should endure .	Even so great men should endure great losses .
My old bones ache .	My old bones are tired .
My talk to thee must be how Benedick Is sick in love with Beatrice .	It ’ ll be my job to talk about how Benedick is sick with love for Beatrice .
When he came to himself again , he said , if he had done or said any thing amiss , he desired their worships to think it was his infirmity .	When he came to again , he said , if he had done or said anything out of order , he wanted the people to think it was his infirmity .
Faith , here 's an equivocator that could swear in both the scales against either scale , who committed treason enough for God 's sake , yet could not equivocate to heaven .	Truly , it must be a liar who could swear on both sides of the scale against either side , who committed treason enough for God 's sake , yet couldn ’ t lie to heaven .
I do require them of you , so to use them As we shall find their merits and our safety May equally determine .	tody of them so I can do what ’ s best out of concern for their honor and the safety of the kingdom .
When spake I such a word ?	When did I say all that ?
I pray you , go Along with me .	Please come with me .
I am a gentleman of blood and breeding , And from some knowledge and assurance offer This office to you .	I ’ m a nobleman , and I know what I ’ m doing in assigning this job to you .
The first interr 'gatory That my Nerissa shall be sworn on is Whether till the next night she had rather stay , Or go to bed now , being two hours to day .	My first question for Nerissa is whether she ’ d rather wait till tomorrow night or go to bed now , since there are only two more hours till morning .
Dismay 'd not this Our captains , Macbeth and Banquo ?	Our captains , Macbeth and Banquo , Were not upset by this ?
I am no fighter .	I ’ m not a fighter .
I was provokèd by her sland 'rous tongue , That laid their guilt upon my guiltless shoulders .	She provoked me with her lying mouth , accusing me of crimes I didn ’ t commit .
Have at you now !	Take this !
Cassius , be constant .	Cassius , stand firm .
O night with hue so black !	Oh night with hue so black !
And so far am I glad it so did sort , As this their jangling I esteem a sport .	And so far I ’ m pleased with the way things have turned out , since I find all of this commotion very entertaining .
But thou wouldst not think how ill all 's here about my heart .	But you wouldn ’ t know what a bad feeling I have inside .
Past the mid season .	Past noon .
They mean to warn us at Philippi here , Answering before we do demand of them .	They intend to challenge us here at Philippi , responding to our challenge before we ’ ve even challenged him .
You ’ ll win two days upon me .	You ’ ll get there two days before me .
Is it so nominated in the bond ?	Is that called for in the contract ?
Quite chop-fallen ?	Quite jaw-fallen ?
Why , what ’ s the matter ?	Why , what ’ s the matter ?
The duke of Exeter has very gallantly maintained the pridge .	The duke of Exeter has held the bridge very gallantly .
Give him this money and these notes , Reynaldo .	Give him this money and these letters , Reynaldo .
Look down , you gods , And on this couple drop a blessèd crown , For it is you that have chalked forth the way Which brought us hither .	Dear gods , bless this couple , since you ’ re the ones who have shown us the path that led us here .
That ’ s my sister .	That ’ s my sister .
A good lenten answer .	That ’ s a lame answer .
And have you mercy too !	And you have mercy on me too !
Mark it , Horatio .	Look at it , Horatio .
By your leave , hostess .	With your permission , hostess .
We must not .	We must not .
The rarer action is In virtue than in vengeance .	It ’ s better to act virtuously rather than vengefully .
I ’ ll to the mart , and there for Dromio stay .	I ’ ll go wait for Dromio at the marketplace .
And that which spites me more than all these wants , He does it under name of perfect love , As who should say , if I should sleep or eat , ' Twere deadly sickness or else present death .	And what irks me more than all these things put together is that he does it under the pretense of love — as though for me to eat or sleep would bring on fatal illness or sudden death .
I am glad thou canst speak no better English , for if thou couldst , thou wouldst find me such a plain king that thou wouldst think I had sold my farm to buy my crown .	If it were , you would find me such an ordinary king that you would think I ’ d sold my farm to buy my crown .
Yea , by Mass , that it is .	Yes , by God , that it is .
I have not heard the clock .	The clock hasn ’ t struck yet .
Let be .	Let it be .
As thick as hail Came post with post , and every one did bear Thy praises in his kingdom 's great defense , And pour 'd them down before him .	The reports came in As thick as hail and every one of them sang Your praises in your great defense of the kingdom , And poured such praises down before the King .
Celerity is never more admired Than by the negligent .	No one admires speed more than the lazy .
Go , Biondello , bid your mistress come to me .	Biondello , go and tell your mistress to come to me .
Ay , but I know — What dost thou know ?	Yes , but I know — What do you know ?
Twas a fault unwilling .	It was just an accident !
Not a jot , not a jot .	Not a jot , not a jot .
Part them !	Part them .
My Lord Bassanio , since you have found Antonio , We two will leave you ; but at dinner-time , I pray you have in mind where we must meet .	My Lord Bassanio , since you have found Antonio , We ’ ll leave you ; but , at dinnertime , Please remember where we ’ re meeting .
God grant him health .	God give him health .
Peace !	Quiet !
No , unpin me here .	No , just help me unpin this .
What if I strayed no further , but chose here ? — Let 's see once more this saying grav 'd in gold : Who chooseth me , shall gain what many men desire .	What if I didn ’ t go any farther , and chose right here ?
You take pleasure then in the message ?	So you took pleasure in bringing me this message ?
Our preparation stands In expectation of them .	Our forces are ready for them .
He ’ s no standard .	He ’ s not standing straight enough to hold a flag .
Ha !	Ha !
Why , how now , Dromio .	What ’ s going on , Dromio ?
When saw you my father last ?	When was the last time you saw my father ?
Which way hast thou been ?	Where are you coming from ?
But , as they say , to hear music the general does not greatly care .	But as I said , the general isn ’ t really in the mood to hear music now .
Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting ?	Everyone knows where a wasp wears its stinger .
Some friendship will it lend you ' gainst the tempest .	It will give you some protection from this storm .
Dromio , go bid the servants spread for dinner .	Dromio , tell the servants to prepare for lunch .
Fie , what a slug is Hastings that he comes not To tell us whether they will come or no !	And what a slug Hastings is that he hasn ’ t even arrived to tell us whether they ’ re coming !
How now ?	What ’ s this !
The time has been That , when the brains were out , the man would die , And there an end .	It used to be that when you knocked a man ’ s brains out he would just die , and that would be it .
Do I entice you ?	Do I ask you to follow me ?
You shall close prisoner rest , Till that the nature of your fault be known To the Venetian state .	You shall remain a prisoner , Until the nature of your crime is known To the Venetian state .
Do not say so , Lysander .	Don ’ t say that , Lysander .
While we reason here , A royal battle might be won and lost .	While we ’ re talking here , a royal battle could be won and lost .
Now I feed myself With most delicious poison .	I ’ m killing myself with this provocative speculation . . .
No , not to live .	No , not to live !
I pray you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks .	Please don ’ t ruin any more trees by carving love poems on their barks .
The gates of mercy shall be all shut up , And the fleshed soldier , rough and hard of heart , In liberty of bloody hand , shall range With conscience wide as hell , mowing like grass Your fresh fair virgins and your flow 'ring infants .	The gates of mercy will be closed by then , and harsh and hard-hearted soldiers , who have tasted blood , will have free reign to commit whatever violence they want , mowing down your lovely young virgins and budding infants .
But since the affairs of men rest still incertain , Let ’ s reason with the worst that may befall .	But since the affairs of men are always uncertain , let ’ s think about the worst that may happen .
Go armed .	Arm yourself .
O sir , very well : here in your orchard .	Yes , sir , very well — I ’ m here in your orchard .
If it were now to die , ' Twere now to be most happy , for I fear My soul hath her content so absolute That not another comfort like to this Succeeds in unknown fate .	If I died right now I ’ d be completely happy , since I ’ ll probably never be as happy as this again in my life .
I do entreat your grace to pardon me .	Your grace , please forgive me .
Natures of such deep trust we shall much need .	I need people as trustworthy as you .
Your answer , sir , is enigmatical .	Sir , I ’ m puzzled by what you just said .
It is the lady that Pyramus must love .	It is the lady that Pyramus loves .
Cassio ’ s my worthy friend — My lord , I see you ’ re moved .	Cassio ’ s a good friend of mine — My lord , I can see you ’ re upset .
Give me your hand .	Let me shake your hand .
To you I am bound for life and education ; My life and education both do learn me How to respect you ; you are the lord of duty , I am hitherto your daughter .	To you I am bound for my life and education ; My life and education both teach me How to respect you ; you are the lord of duty , I am therefore your daughter .
If you prick us , do we not bleed ?	If you prick us with a pin , don ’ t we bleed ?
For it is a figure in rhetoric that drink , being poured out of a cup into a glass , by filling the one doth empty the other .	Everyone knows that when you pour a drink out of a cup and into a glass , the cup becomes empty .
Kent , father , sisters !	Kent , father , sisters !
You have too courtly a wit for me .	Your wit is too courtly for me .
And yesternight , at supper , You suddenly arose and walked about , Musing and sighing , with your arms across , And when I asked you what the matter was , You stared upon me with ungentle looks .	And last night at dinner , you got up abruptly and paced back and forth with your arms crossed , brooding and sighing , and when I asked you what was the matter , you gave me a dirty look .
Ay , for the state ; not for Antonio .	Yes , for the state ; not for Antonio .
Very like a whale .	Yes , very much like a whale .
O my son , my son !	Oh , my son , my son !
Returned so soon ?	Back so soon ?
I am not merry , but I do beguile The thing I am by seeming otherwise .	I ’ m not as happy as I seem .
Wilt thou , Strato ?	Will you , Strato ?
Antonio shall become bound , well .	If I default , he ’ ll pay you .
Thus twice before , and jump at this dead hour , With martial stalk hath he gone by our watch .	It ’ s come twice before , and just appearing out of nothing , he ’ s gone past us at this dead hour with a warlike stalk .
Varro !	Lucius ! — Varro !
I see a woman may be made a fool If she had not a spirit to resist .	I see a woman may be made a fool of if she doesn ’ t have nerve enough to stand up for herself .
The ambassadors from Norway , my good lord , Are joyfully return 'd .	The ambassadors from Norway , my good lord , Are joyfully returned .
My leg is cut in two .	My leg ’ s been cut in two .
What think you on 't ?	What do you think about it ?
And for that I promised you , I ’ ll be as good as my word .	And as for what I promised to you , I ’ m as good as my word .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Some two months hence up higher toward the north He first presents his fire , and the high east Stands as the Capitol , directly here .	Some two months away , up higher toward the North , He first shines , and the high East Stands , just as the Capitol , directly here .
It is not for your health thus to commit Your weak condition to the raw cold morning .	It isn ’ t healthy to expose Your weak condition to the raw-cold morning like this .
Go get some water , And wash this filthy witness from your hand .	Go get some water and wash this bloody evidence from your hands .
Hath Cassius lived To be but mirth and laughter to his Brutus , When grief and blood ill-temper 'd vexeth him ?	Has Cassius lived To be only mirth and laughter to his Brutus , When sadness and ill-tempered blood aggravates him ?
But I shall see The wingèd vengeance overtake such children .	But soon I ’ ll see the gods punish you for your lack of respect to your father .
You see how easily she may be surprised .	Be at ease .
And when she is froward , peevish , sullen , sour , And not obedient to his honest will , What is she but a foul contending rebel And graceless traitor to her loving lord ?	And when she is peevish and perverse , sullen , sour , and disobedient to his honest wishes , what is she but a loathsome , warlike rebel and an ungrateful traitor to her loving lord ?
Follow your spirit , and upon this charge Cry “ God for Harry , England , and Saint George ! ”	Follow your spirit , and as you charge cry , “ God for Harry , England , and Saint George ! ”
Now pile your dust upon the quick and dead Till of this flat a mountain you have made To o 'ertop old Pelion or the skyish head Of blue Olympus .	Now bury the living and dead , Until you have made a mountain from this flat earth To be higher than the mountain of Italy or the skyish head Of blue Mount Olympus .
Sir , I bade them take away you .	I told them to take Oh , what a big mistake !
Stephano !	Stephano !
He did receive his letters and is coming .	He received Caesar ’ s letters , and he is coming .
Where do you dwell ?	Where do you live ?
Villain , I say , knock me at this gate And rap me well , or I ’ ll knock your knave ’ s pate .	I ’ m telling you to make a fist and pound .
There will she hide her To listen our propose .	She can hide there and eavesdrop on our conversation .
Think you of a worse title , and I will fit her to it .	If you can think of a more awful title , I ’ ll call her that .
Authority .	Authority .
Therefore , great King , We yield our town and lives to thy soft mercy .	Therefore , great king , we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy .
A sweet woman !	A sweet woman !
Yet she must die , else she 'll betray more men .	Yet she must die , or else she 'll betray more men .
Who stays it still withal ?	Who does it stand still for ?
That can I.	I can .
Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax , who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop ?	Have you forgotten The foul witch Sycorax , who had grown in to a circle With age and envy ?
That our garments , being , as they were , drenched in the sea , hold notwithstanding their freshness and glosses , being rather new-dyed than stained with salt water .	That our clothes were drenched with sea water , but they came out looking brand-new .
Nay ' tis twice two months , my lord .	No , it is four months , my lord .
He that commends me to mine own content Commends me to the thing I cannot get .	He leaves me to my own contentment , but that ’ s the one thing I cannot find .
By heaven , I rather would have been his hangman .	By heaven , I would rather have been his hangman .
Yea , just so much as you may take upon a knife ’ s point and choke a daw withal .	Yes , as much pleasure as one might take in choking a bird at knifepoint .
Mine ache to think on 't .	Mine ache to think about it .
He shall have merely justice and his bond .	He will have only justice and his penalty .
Who is most inward with the noble duke ?	Who ’ s closest to him ?
Peace , you rogue , no more o ' that .	Shut up , you troublemaker , no more of that .
I ’ ll take my leave .	I ’ ll leave you now .
Holla !	Hey !
How long hath she been thus ?	He ’ s dead .
Indeed , it is a strange-disposed time ; But men may construe things after their fashion , Clean from the purpose of the things themselves .	Indeed , time has a strange disposition But men may interpret things in whatever way they like , Far from the purpose of the things themselves .
Not I , I must be found .	No , I must let them find me .
Torments will ope your lips .	Torture will open your lips .
I hear none , madam .	I didn ’ t hear anything , madam .
Oh , I have suffered With those that I saw suffer .	Oh , I suffered along with all the men I watched suffer !
Be not afraid ; she shall not harm thee , Helena .	Don ’ t be afraid ; she shall not harm you , Helena .
Who is that calls so coldly ?	Who calls so coldly ?
The sea , with such a storm as his bare head In hell-black night endured , would have buoyed up , And quenched the stellèd fires .	You left him out in the storm in the black night , bareheaded , a storm so terrible that if it had happened at sea , the waters would have risen up and extinguished the fire burning in the stars .
It must be by his death , and for my part I know no personal cause to spurn at him But for the general .	I have no personal reason to strike at him — only the best interest of the people .
Ay , and a subtle , as he most learnedly delivered .	Yes , and she was mild too .
By my life , I do .	I swear I do .
But fear not yet To take upon you what is yours .	Only don ’ t be afraid To take upon you what is yours .
Your face , my thane , is as a book where men May read strange matters .	Your face betrays strange feelings , my lord , and people will be able to read it like a book .
What is 't o 'clock ?	What time is it ?
Well , my lord .	Well , my lord .
What is ’ t thou canst demand ?	What could you possibly ask for ?
O heavy burden !	O heavy burden !
Dismayed not this our captains , Macbeth and Banquo ?	Didn ’ t this frighten our captains , Macbeth and Banquo ?
And all my children ?	And all my children ?
I fear he will .	I ’ m afraid he will .
Here comes the man you mean .	Here comes the man himself .
No , my lord , not I. Alas , it is the baseness of thy fear That makes thee strangle thy propriety .	No , my lord , not me .
What , wilt thou flout me thus unto my face , Being forbid ?	What , are you going to mock me to my face when I told you not to ?
Is that the uttermost ?	Is that the latest ?
Go get it ready .	Get it ready immediately .
The beds i ’ th ’ East are soft , and thanks to you , That called me timelier than my purpose hither , For I have gained by ’ t .	The East is very seductive .
Pardon the frankness of my mirth if I answer you for that .	Forgive my boldness if I take you up on your words about making magic .
To him , father .	To him , father .
Pursue him and entreat him to a peace .	Go after him and try to calm him down a little .
Where is my father ?	Where is my father ?
Turn from me then that noble countenance Wherein the worship of the whole world lies .	Then turn your noble face away from me , that face that the whole world adores .
At least two glasses .	At least two hours past .
The Moor 's abused by some most villainous knave , Some base notorious knave , some scurvy fellow .	The Moor 's abused by some very villainous rogue , Some base notorious rogue , some scurvy fellow .
You have an excellent armor , but let my horse have his due .	You have wonderful armor , but give my horse his due .
I think withal There would be hands uplifted in my right ; And here from gracious England have I offer Of goodly thousands .	The English have promised me thousands of troops .
Here come the lovers , full of joy and mirth .	Here come the lovers , full of joy and mirth . — Joy , gentle friends !
I warrant you , my lord .	I will , my lord .
You have said , but whether wisely or no , let the forest judge .	All right , you ’ ve had your say , but we ’ ll let the forest judge whether or not you spoke wisely .
My lord .	Yes , my lord ?
Take him for all in all .	He was perfect in everything .
That would be scann 'd .	I must think about that .
Pardon not that .	Don ’ t pardon that .
The love that follows us sometime is our trouble , Which still we thank as love .	Sometimes the love my subjects bring me is inconvenient , but I still accept it as love .
Then must the Jew be merciful .	Then must the Jew be merciful .
Not now , sweet Desdemona ; some other time .	Not now , sweet Desdemon ; some other time .
There ’ s matter in ’ t indeed , if he be angry .	If he ’ s angry , there must be something seriously wrong .
My voice is in my sword .	My sword will talk for me .
And not a jot of “ Tranio ” in your mouth .	And you ’ re not to utter a syllable of Tranio ’ s name .
What , are you hurt , lieutenant ?	Are you hurt , lieutenant ?
I ’ ll go with you .	I ’ ll come soon .
O , unpleasing news !	Cruel , cruel news !
Oh , the world hath not a sweeter creature , she might lie by an emperor ’ s side and command him tasks .	Oh , the world never saw a sweeter creature .
They smile at me that shortly shall be dead .	Those who smile at it will soon be dead themselves .
Is thy master stirring ?	Is your master awake ?
Why , God will send more , if the man will be thankful .	Well , eventually God will send him some more hair , if he thanks Him .
I pray thee , understand a plain man in his plain meaning ; go to thy fellows ; bid them cover the table , serve in the meat , and we will come in to dinner .	Please understand a plain man in his plain meaning : let your fellows come on , bid them cover the table , serve in the meat , and we ’ ll come in to dinner .
What ’ s thy name ?	What ’ s your name ?
I cannot say “ whore , ” It does abhor me now I speak the word .	I can ’ t say “ whore . ” It makes me sick to say the word even now .
Have done , have done .	Enough , enough .
Shall I go fetch your nightgown ?	Should I get your nightgown ?
What , you mean my face ?	What , you mean my face looks like a crab-apple ?
From France there comes a power Into this scattered kingdom , who already , Wise in our negligence , have secret feet In some of our best ports and are at point To show their open banner .	Some French agents are already at work in our main ports and are on the verge of declaring open war .
Not shine today ?	So , the sun won ’ t shine today !
Well then , take a good heart and counterfeit to be a man .	Well , then , be brave and pretend to be a man .
What ?	What ?
These are now the fashion , and so berattle the common stages — so they call them — that many wearing rapiers are afraid of goose quills and dare scarce come thither .	These child actors are now in fashion , and they ’ ve so overtaken the public theaters that society types hardly come at all , they ’ re so afraid of being mocked by the playwrights who write for the boys .
Come .	Come on .
Why , I pray you , is not “ pig ” great ?	And is “ pig ” not the same as “ great , ” may I ask ?
See , whether their basest metal be not moved ; They vanish tongue-tied in their guiltiness .	See whether they ’ ll really do what you suggested ; Their guilt made them vanish in silence .
Thieves !	Thieves !
To a nunnery , go ; and quickly too .	To a convent , go , and quickly too .
What is your pleasure ?	What can I do for you ?
Well , I am not fair , and therefore I pray the gods make me honest .	Well , I ’ m not beautiful , so I hope that I can at least be chaste .
a happiness that often madness hits on , which reason and sanity could not so prosperously be delivered of .	A happiness that often craziness hits on , which reason and sanity couldn ’ t arranged so happily .
Lorenzo , certain ; and my love , indeed ; For who love I so much ?	Lorenzo , to be sure and my love indeed , Because who do love I so much ?
All offices are open , and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five till the bell have told eleven .	All offices are open , and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five until the clock rings eleven .
What mean ’ st thou by that ?	What do you mean by that ?
My lord , I have .	Yes , I do , sir .
He ’ ll never yield to that .	He ’ ll never agree to that .
Yet what can it when one can not repent ?	But it can ’ t help either !
You tremble and look pale .	You ’ re pale and trembling .
Romans , countrymen , and lovers !	Romans , countrymen , and friends !
Then you 'll buy ’ em to sell again .	Then you 'll buy them to sell again .
Sir , this is the matter — I beseech you , remember — Nay , good my lord , for mine ease , in good faith .	This is what it ’ s all about — Please , I beg you — No , my lord , I ’ m comfortable like this , thank you .
First , of my word !	No , before !
Ah , my poor princes !	Ah , my poor princes !
I was killed i ' th ' Capitol .	I was killed in the Capitol .
I ’ ll warrant him for drowning though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unstanched wench .	Yes , I guarantee he won ’ t drown — even if this ship were as fragile as an eggshell and as leaky as a menstruating woman .
How now , my dear Othello !	How are you , my dear Othello !
What are you ?	No , who are you ?
It sounds no more ; and sure it waits upon Some god o 'th ’ island .	It ’ s stopped ; — and surely , it ’ s for Some god of the island .
God save the worthy general !	God save you , worthy general !
Rogue , thou hast lived too long .	Rogue , you ’ ve lived too long !
He that sweetest rose will find Must find love ’ s prick , and Rosalind .	The man who finds the sweetest rose Will be pricked by it , and by Rosalind .
I prithee , Remember I have done thee worthy service , Told thee no lies , made thee no mistakings , served Without or grudge or grumblings .	Please , Remember I have worked faithfully for you , Told you no lies , made no mistakes , served Without a grudge or grumblings .
I will plague them all , Even to roaring .	I ’ ll torment them all till they roar with pain .
O my dear lord — Nay , do not think I flatter .	Oh , sir — Don ’ t think I ’ m flattering you .
I prithee , who doth he trot withal ?	Okay , who does it trot for ?
I go .	I ’ m going now .
Ay , if I be alive and your mind hold and your dinner worth the eating .	Yes , if I ’ m still alive , and you ’ re still sane , and your dinner is worth eating .
This will prove a brave kingdom to me , where I shall have my music for nothing .	This ’ ll be a wonderful kingdom to live in , where they play music for free .
Let me lick thy shoe .	Let me lick your shoe .
There are my keys . — But wherefore should I go ?	Here are my keys . — But why should I go ?
Come , let us to the castle .	Come , let ’ s go to the castle .
If more thou dost perceive , let me know more .	If you see anything else , let me know .
Yet poor old heart , he holp the heavens to rain .	And the poor old man just wept , mixing his tears with the rain .
I do not know , my lord , what I should think .	I don ’ t know what to believe , father .
Why , to put ’ s head in — not to give it away to his daughters and leave his horns without a case .	He can ’ t give his house away to his daughters , leaving himself without shelter .
The ingratitude of this Seleucus does Even make me wild .	Seleucus ’ ingratitude makes me wild .
Yet , forgive me , God , That I do brag thus .	But God forgive me for bragging .
First , he commends him to your noble self .	First , he sends his regards .
And when your honors mean to solemnize The bargain of your faith , I do beseech you Even at that time I may be married too .	And when you get married , I hope I can be married at the same time .
Is in his retirement , marvellous distempered .	He ’ s , in his retirement to bed , exceedingly upset .
Heaven and thy thoughts are witness that thou art .	As God is my witness , you know you ’ re mine .
Weapons , arms ?	You have weapons ?
Tis the time ’ s plague when madmen lead the blind .	It ’ s the tragedy of our times that lunatics must lead the blind .
Let the great gods That keep this dreadful pudder o 'er our heads Find out their enemies now .	Let the gods who stirred up this dreadful storm bring their enemies to light .
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves . ” And well said too — for who shall go about To cozen fortune and be honorable Without the stamp of merit ?	He who chooses me will get what he deserves . ” That ’ s nicely put — because who ’ s going to cheat luck and get more than he deserves ?
Here comes Kent .	Here comes Kent .
Well , you are a rare parrot-teacher .	Listen to you , instructing me like a parrot would .
I not doubt He came alive to land .	I have no doubt he got ashore alive .
Is it possible A cur can lend three thousand ducats ? ” Or Shall I bend low and in a bondman ’ s key With bated breath and whispering humbleness Say this :	Is it possible for a mutt to lend three thousand ducats ? ” Or should I bend down low , and in a humble and submissive voice say :
I ' faith , if he be not rotten before he die — as we have many pocky corses nowadays that will scarce hold the laying in — he will last you some eight year or nine year .	Well , if he ’ s not rotten before he dies , as we have many small pox corpses nowadays that will scarce last beyond the wake , he will last you some eight years or nine years .
Your wisdom should show itself more richer to signify this to the doctor ; for , me to put him to his purgation would perhaps plunge him into far more choler .	You ’ d be wiser and look better if you told all this to the doctor , because for me to try to purge him of anger would probably make him more angry .
Set we our squadrons on yond side o ’ th ’ hill , In eye of Caesar ’ s battle , from which place We may the number of the ships behold And so proceed accordingly .	Assemble our squadrons on the other side of the hill , in sight of Caesar ’ s navy .
But , tell me , where is princely Richmond now ?	But , tell me , where is the noble Richmond now ?
You thought because he could not speak English in the native garb , he could not therefore handle an English cudgel .	You thought because he didn ’ t speak English like a native he couldn ’ t handle an English club .
Therefore our everlasting farewell take .	Therefore , accept my everlasting farewell .
By my troth , I would not undertake her in this company .	I was telling you to go after her , woo her , confront her .
I will have none on ’ t .	I won ’ t have any of this .
Mine speak of seventy senators that died By their proscriptions , Cicero being one .	My letters say only seventy senators were killed , one being Cicero .
Antonio , I am married to a wife Which is as dear to me as life itself .	Antonio , I married a woman as dear to me as life itself .
O Pomfret , Pomfret !	Oh , Pomfret , Pomfret !
Suffer love !	Suffer love !
Not in this land shall he remain uncaught .	If he stays in this country he ’ ll be found .
em all three all ready .	It ’ s only for your willing and receptive ear .
I gave him the stuff .	I gave him the material .
how satisfied , my lord ?	How satisfied , my lord ?
Yet I suppose him virtuous , know him noble , Of great estate , of fresh and stainless youth .	I know he ’ s noble , rich , young , and with a fine reputation .
Did he live now ,	him terribly .
Enobarbus , welcome .	I accept with thanks , Enobarbus .
I ’ ll fume with them ! ” And with that word she struck me on the head , And through the instrument my pate made way ,	I ’ ll give you frets ! ” With that , she clobbers me with the lute so that my head goes right through ,
What art thou that usurp 'st this time of night , Together with that fair and warlike form In which the majesty of buried Denmark Did sometimes march ?	What are you , that seizes this time of night , Taking the same fair and warlike form In which the dead king of Denmark , now buried , Did sometimes march ?
Come , sir , to draw toward an end with you .	Come , sir , to finish up with you .
Has this fellow no feeling of his business , that he sings at grave-making ?	Has this fellow no feeling of his business , that he sings at grave-digging ?
I am dead , Horatio .	I am dead , Horatio .
All may be well ; but if God sort it so , ' Tis more than we deserve or I expect .	So , if all turns out fine , as you say , it ’ s more than we deserve or I expect .
Oh , excellent !	Oh , excellent !
How wilt thou do for a father ?	What are you going to do for a father ?
Thou shalt not lose by it .	You won ’ t regret this .
Did you ?	You did it ?
Did he never make you laugh ?	What , he never made you laugh ?
All this done Upon the gad ? — Edmund , how now ?	All this so suddenly ? — Edmund , what ’ s going on ?
I ’ ll apprehend him .	I ’ ll arrest him .
Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ?	Won ’ t the ladies be afraid of the lion ?
Lo , where he comes !	Look , where he is coming !
Come , shall we go and kill us venison ?	Indeed , my lord , the gloomy Jaques grieves over these deaths .
Thou liest , abhorrèd tyrant .	Swords don ’ t frighten me .
Bring the villain forth .	Bring the villain forward .
The town will rise .	The whole town will riot !
Will you stay a while ?	Won ’ t you wait a minute ?
O bitter consequence That Edward still should live “ true noble prince ” !	Oh , how bitter it is that Edward — the real “ true , noble prince ” — should still be alive !
Is not marriage honorable in a beggar ?	Sex and marriage are honorable things — even for a beggar , right ?
Come thou no more for ransom , gentle herald .	Don ’ t come again to ask for my ransom , good messenger .
Is he not honest ?	Isn ’ t he an honest man ?
Sir , I say to you we are none .	Sir , I tell you that we are not .
Call my sister so .	Call my sister that .
Come , uncle Exeter , Go you and enter Harfleur .	Come , uncle Exeter , enter Harfleur .
Good my lord , what is your cause of distemper ?	My good lord , what is your cause of your problem ?
Music !	Music !
Ye gods , it doth amaze me A man of such a feeble temper should So get the start of the majestic world And bear the palm alone .	It astounds me that such a weak man could beat the whole world and carry the trophy of victory alone .
Shylock , there ’ s thrice thy money offered thee .	Shylock , they ’ re offering you three times the money you lent .
You love me not .	You ’ re not my friend .
News , friends : our wars are done , the Turks are drown 'd .	News , friends ; our wars are done , the Turks are drowned .
Assist , good friends .	Help us , good friends .
I prithee , bear some charity to my wit ; do not think it so unwholesome .	I beg you , have some charity for my wit ; don ’ t think it is so unwholesome .
Is there a murderer here ?	Is there a murderer here ?
I know his eye doth homage otherwhere , Or else what lets it but he would be here ?	I know his eyes are worshiping some other woman , or why wouldn ’ t he be here ?
Thou hast obtained thy suit .	You can have what you want .
Let ’ s follow , Gertrude .	The coroner ’ s inquest law .
Ay , but when ?	Okay , but when ?
He will do all in all as Hastings doth .	He ’ ll do whatever Hastings does .
What ?	What ?
This is a man ’ s invention , and his hand .	These are a man ’ s words , and his handwriting .
Oh , stay but till then !	Oh , well , stay till then !
I have seen nothing .	I haven ’ t seen anything .
What seest thou else In the dark backward and abyss of time ?	What else do You see in the old , dark , bottomless pit of time ?
But ’ tis a spirit .	It must be a spirit .
sings drunkenly &ket; Farewell , master , farewell , farewell !	Goodbye , master ; goodbye , goodbye !
What should I say , sweet lady ?	What could I say , my dear ?
Stand to 't .	Let ’ s do it .
Hadst thou done so , The kings that have revolted , and the soldier That has this morning left thee , would have still Followed thy heels .	If you had , the kings that have revolted and the soldier that deserted this morning would still be behind you .
Will all great Neptune 's ocean wash this blood Clean from my hand ?	Will all great Neptune 's ocean wash this blood Clean from my hand ?
Take pains ; be perfect ; adieu .	Be careful ; be perfect ; goodbye .
Follow him , friends .	Follow him , friends .
Nay , lay thee down and roar ; For thou hast kill 'd the sweetest innocent That e 'er did lift up eye .	No , lay down and roar ; Because you have killed the sweetest innocent That ever lifted open eyes .
With news the time ’ s with labor , and throws forth Each minute some .	The present time is like a woman in labor , each minute giving birth to some piece of news .
Portia is dead .	Portia is dead .
Let some of my people have a special care of him .	Have some of my servants take care of Malvolio .
My father compounded with my mother under the dragon ’ s tail and my nativity was under Ursa Major , so that it follows I am rough and lecherous .	My father and mother coupled when the demonic moon was descending , and I was born under the Big Dipper , so it ’ s inevitable that I ’ m rude and oversexed .
I 'll touch my point With this contagion , that , if I gall him slightly , It may be death .	I ’ ll touch the point of my sword with this poison so that , if I touch him slightly , It will kill him .
What did he when thou saw ’ st him ?	What did he do when you saw him ?
Captain Jamy is a marvelous falorous gentleman , that is certain , and of great expedition and knowledge in th ' aunchient wars , upon my particular knowledge of his directions .	Captain Jamy is a wonderfully valorous gentleman , that ’ s certain , one with great learning and knowledge concerning ancient warfare , I happen to know from his maneuvers .
No , my good knight .	No , my good knight .
We 'll put the matter to the present push . — Good Gertrude , set some watch over your son .	Good Gertrude , put a guard over your son .
He cannot speak , my lord .	He can ’ t speak , my lord .
Bring him through the bands .	Take him safely through the lines .
Why are you grown so rude ?	Why have you gotten so rude ?
So let him land , And solemnly see him set on to London .	Let ’ s have him land and solemnly proceed to London .
who , being more than sand-blind , high-gravel blind , knows me not : I will try confusions with him .	This is my biological father , who , being more than half-blind , nearly stone blind , doesn ’ t know me : I ’ ll try to confuse him .
I pray you , hear her speak .	Please let her speak .
Nay , I have offered all , I have no more , And she can have no more than all I have .	I can ’ t offer her more than all I have .
Demetrius , I will keep my word with thee .	Demetrius , I will keep my word with you .
You should then have accosted her , and with some excellent jests , fire-new from the mint , you should have banged the youth into dumbness .	You should have run up to her , unleashed a few excellent quips invented on the spot , and rendered the young man speechless .
I never heard So musical a discord , such sweet thunder .	I ’ d never heard such raucous music , such pleasant thunder .
An if your wife be not a madwoman , And know how well I have deserved the ring , She would not hold out enemy forever For giving it to me .	If your wife ’ s not a madwoman , and you tell her how much I deserve this ring , she won ’ t stay angry at you forever if you give it to me .
What !	What ?
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Cassio , my lord , hath killed a young Venetian Called Roderigo .	Cassio ’ s killed a young Venetian named Roderigo .
Silence !	Silence !
Pour on , I will endure .	But let it rain ; I ’ ll survive .
On their sustaining garments not a blemish , But fresher than before .	Even their clothes are unstained , and look fresher than before the storm .
I know thy constellation is right apt For this affair .	I know you ’ re the right person for this job .
But I will tell you at some meeter season .	I ’ ll tell you at a better time .
whose solid virtue The shot of accident nor dart of chance Could neither graze nor pierce ?	Whose solid virtue Could be neither grazed nor pierced by The shot of accident or dart of fate ?
Yes , sir , but anger hath a privilege .	Yes , sir , but not when I ’ m enraged .
Moreover , he hath left you all his walks , His private arbors and new-planted orchards , On this side Tiber .	Also , he ’ s left you all his walkways — in his private gardens and newly planted orchards — on this side of the Tiber River .
There lives within the very flame of love A kind of wick or snuff that will abate it ; And nothing is at a like goodness still ; For goodness , growing to a pleurisy , Dies in his own too much .	Within the very flame of love , there lives A kind of wick or snuff that will put it out , And nothing is worse than goodness staying still , For goodness , growing to an infectious flu , Dies in his own too much .
O most courageous day !	Bottom ! — Oh most courageous day !
A very even way , but no such friend .	A very clear way , but there is no friend who will undertake it .
And so far blameless proves my enterprise , That I have ' nointed an Athenian 's eyes ; And so far am I glad it so did sort , As this their jangling I esteem a sport .	And so far I am glad it worked out this way , Because I am really enjoying the show .
Stop it , Marcellus .	Keep it from leaving , Marcellus .
Hem them away .	Cough them up .
A sovereign shame so elbows him .	He ’ s too overwhelmed with shame .
Thou dost here usurp The name thou ow 'st not ; and hast put thyself Upon this island as a spy , to win it From me , the lord on 't .	Here you steal The name you don ’ t own and have put yourself On this island as a spy , to win it From me , the lord of it .
Tis such another fitchew .	Damn you !
Take him up gently , and to bed with him , And each one to his office when he wakes .	Carry him gently to bed , and every man be ready at his post when he awakes .
I would you were as I would have you be !	I wish you were what I wanted you to be !
My determinate voyage is mere extravagancy .	I ’ m just wandering , with no particular destination .
What does the tyrant ?	What is the tyrant doing ?
You wrong me more , sir , in denying it .	You wrong me even more , sir , by denying it .
Hath there been such a time — I would fain know that — That I have positively said , “ ' Tis so , ” When it proved otherwise ?	Has there ever been a time — I ’ d really like to know — when I ’ ve definitely said something was true , and it turned out not to be true ?
I have some rights of memory in this kingdom , Which now , to claim my vantage doth invite me .	I have some rights of past history in this kingdom , Which now invites me to claim my place .
Thou art translated .	Reborn .
Not a whit .	You ’ ll do no such thing .
We do not mean the coursing snatchers only , But fear the main intendment of the Scot , Who hath been still a giddy neighbor to us .	What we have to worry about is a full-scale invasion from Scotland — always an unreliable neighbor .
an excellent courtesy !	an excellent courtesy !
Take heed o ' th ' foul fiend .	Beware of the devil .
Not now to hear thee sing .	I don ’ t want to hear you sing .
But for your husband , He is noble , wise , judicious , and best knows The fits o ’ the season .	Your husband , Is noble , wise , judicious , and best knows What to do in these times .
Who was last with them ?	Who was with them last ?
A soothsayer bids you beware the ides of March .	A soothsayer tells you to beware of March 15th .
Quiet thy cudgel .	Lay off , already !
I know him not .	I don ’ t know him .
Do we but find the tyrant ’ s power tonight , Let us be beaten if we cannot fight .	If we meet Macbeth ’ s army tonight , let us be beaten if we cannot fight .
This prophecy Merlin shall make , for I live before his time .	This is the prophecy that the wizard
Will it never be day ?	Oh , will it never be day ?
What ring gave you my lord ?	What ring did you give , my lord ?
Twas a shame no less Than was his loss , to course your flying flags And leave his navy gazing .	To race after your departing ships , leaving his navy to watch , was a shame as great as the resulting loss .
Wilt thou at Ninny ’ s tomb meet me straightway ?	Will you meet me right away at Ninny ’ s grave ?
Why should you think that I should woo in scorn ?	Why do you think I ’ m making fun of you when I tell you I love you ?
Some of my shame , if you will know of me What man I am , and how , and why , and where This handkercher was stained .	It ’ s about who I am , and how , why , and where this handkerchief was stained .
In mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever I looked on .	I think she ’ s the most wonderful woman I ’ ve ever laid eyes on .
How have I offended ?	How exactly have I offended you ?
For even out of that will I cause these of Cyprus to mutiny , whose qualification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of Cassio .	To get what you want , you need to get Cassio out of the way .
Are they married , think you ?	Do you think they ’ re married ?
He did me kindness , sir , drew on my side , But in conclusion put strange speech upon me .	But then he said strange things to me .
When ’ s god ’ s asleep , he ’ ll rob his bottle .	When his god falls asleep , the monster will snatch his wine bottle .
Here is more of us .	More of us are here .
She is dead .	She ’ s dead .
I leave an arrant knave with your Worship , which I beseech your Worship to correct yourself , for the example of others .	I leave a slimy bastard with you , your Worship , for you to punish and make an example of .
Good repose the while !	Rest easy in the meantime .
Others there are , Who , trimm 'd in forms and visages of duty , Keep yet their hearts attending on themselves , And throwing but shows of service on their lords Do well thrive by them ; and when they have lined their coats Do themselves homage .	There are others who , dressed in uniforms and faces of duty , that keep their hearts attending on themselves ; And , throwing only shows of service to their lords , Thrive well by them , and when they have lined their coats , Do themselves homage .
I have broke with her father and his goodwill obtained .	I ’ ve told her father , and he ’ s given his permission .
It is so .	It is true .
Only be patient till we have appeased The multitude , beside themselves with fear , And then we will deliver you the cause , Why I , that did love Caesar when I struck him , Have thus proceeded .	But just be patient until we ’ ve calmed the masses , who are beside themselves with fear .
I ’ ll answer that .	I ’ ll take responsibility for that .
Poor prattler , how thou talk ’ st !	Silly babbler , how you talk !
Go seek him .	Go find him .
Come , go .	Come with me .
That ’ s sides and heart .	That governs the torso and heart , doesn ’ t it ?
Kind souls , what weep you when you but behold Our Caesar 's vesture wounded ?	Kind souls , what , do you weep when you only see Our Caesar 's clothes wounded ?
Nay , but his jesting spirit , which is now crept into a lute string and now governed by stops — Indeed , that tells a heavy tale for him .	Indeed , his mocking spirit has now crawled into a Truly , it all adds up to a serious story for Benedick .
Why dost thou use me thus ?	Why are you talking to me like this ?
You must therefore be content to slubber the gloss of your new fortunes with this more stubborn and boisterous expedition .	You must therefore be content to conceal the gloss of your new fortunes with this more stubborn and violent expedition .
A tailor make a man ?	How can a tailor make a person ?
True , worthy Banquo !	True , worthy Banquo !
Believe me , king of shadows , I mistook .	Believe me , king of shadows , I was really mistaken .
What needs this iterance , woman ?	Why do you keep repeating that , woman ?
I by bargain should Wear it myself .	According to an agreement , I should wear it myself .
Perdition catch my soul But I do love thee !	God help me , I love you !
Nobody ; I myself .	Nobody ; I myself .
Let every soldier hew him down a bough And bear ’ t before him .	Tell every soldier to break off a branch and hold it in front of him .
Madam , withdraw : the Prince , the Count , Signor Benedick , Don John , and all the gallants of the town are come to fetch you to church .	Madam , we have to go : the Prince , the Count , Signior Benedick , Don John , and all the gentlemen of the town have come to bring you to church .
Now spurs the lated traveler apace To gain the timely inn , and near approaches The subject of our watch .	Now all the late travellers are hurrying to reach their inns .
Give me your neaf , Monsieur Mustardseed .	Give me your first , Mr. Mustardseed .
My brother hath a daughter , Almost the copy of my child that ’ s dead , And she alone is heir to both of us .	My brother has a daughter who looks exactly like Hero ; this girl is heir to both our estates .
Bind him , I say .	Tie him up , I tell you .
The courtier 's , scholar 's , soldier 's , eye , tongue , sword , The expectancy and rose of the fair state , The glass of fashion and the mould of form , The observed of all observers , quite , quite down !	The courtier 's , scholar 's , soldier 's , eye , voice , sword , The hope and flower of Denmark , The mirror of fashion and the mold of perfect form , The observed of all observers , quite , quite taken down !
Here , sweet lord , at your service .	Here , sweet lord , at your service .
Music i ’ th ’ air .	There ’ s music coming out of thin air .
Anon , as patient as the female dove When that her golden couplets are disclosed , His silence will sit drooping .	Eventually , as patient as the female dove When that her golden twins are discovered , His silence will sit drooping .
Found you no displeasure in him by word or countenance ?	Did he express any dissatisfaction with you , either in his words or his face ?
All blessed secrets , All you unpublished virtues of the earth , Spring with my tears .	Then I ’ ll water all those precious herbs with my tears to make them grow .
Laertes , I must commune with your grief , Or you deny me right .	Laertes , I must share your grief , Or you deny me my rights .
I must to the barber ’ s , monsieur , for methinks I am marvelous hairy about the face .	I should go to the barber ’ s , monsieur , because I think I ’ m getting really hairy around the face .
Well , I will thither .	Well , I ’ ll there .
For what good turn ?	For what favor ?
I call 'd my love false love ; but what said he then ?	I called my love false love ; but what said he then ?
Mock not , Enobarbus .	Don ’ t joke about this , Enobarbus .
You may gather more .	You can figure out the rest .
Stars , my lord .	Stars , my lord .
Please ’ t your highness To grace us with your royal company ?	If it pleases you , your highness , why don ’ t you sit with us and grace us with your royal company ?
I promise you , my soul is very jocund In the remembrance of so fair a dream .	I tell you , I feel very jolly remembering such a beautiful dream .
Know him !	Know him !
What malice was between you ?	There wasn ’ t any problem .
And yesterday the bird of night did sit Even at noon-day upon the marketplace , Hooting and shrieking .	And yesterday the night owl sat hooting and shrieking in the marketplace at noon .
I know by that same eye there ’ s some good news .	I can see in your eyes there ’ s been some good news .
We learn no other but the confident tyrant Keeps still in Dunsinane , and will endure Our setting down before 't .	We can only learn that the confident tyrant Still stays in Dunsinane , and will put up with Our settling down before it .
Was not Charles , the duke ’ s wrestler , here to speak with me ?	Wasn ’ t Charles , the duke ’ s wrestler , here to speak with me ?
I knew him , Horatio : a fellow of infinite jest , of most excellent fancy .	I knew him , Horatio , a fellow of infinite fun , of most excellent imagination .
Ay , madam , but returns again tonight .	Yes , madam , but he ’ ll be back tonight .
He shall do this , or else I do recant The pardon that I late pronouncèd here .	He must do this , or I ’ ll recant the pardon I just delivered .
Lepidus is high-colored .	Lepidus is red in the face .
But , hold thee , take this garland on thy brow ; Thy Brutus bid me give it thee , and I Will do his bidding .	But , wait , take this garland for your head .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
My lord ?	My lord ?
Ah , for our father , for our dear lord Clarence !	Our poor father , Clarence !
O , a chair , a chair !	O , a chair , a chair !
As I !	As moral as me !
Who hath sent thee now ?	Who sent you this time ?
Yea , art thou there ?	Hey , are you there ?
No , Caesar , we will answer on their charge .	No , Caesar , we will respond to their attack .
To think , my lord , if you delight not in man , what lenten entertainment the players shall receive from you .	To think , my lord , if you do not delight in man , what a somber reception the players shall receive from you .
I ’ ll bear thy blame And take thy office from thee , on my peril .	Officer , I ’ ll take the responsibility from you , and the blame too .
God save the foundation !	God save the charitable organization !
Tut , there ’ s life in ’ t , man .	So cheer up , there ’ s still hope for you , man .
Ass , I doubt not .	Absolutely , you idiot .
What ’ s the news with thee ?	What ’ s new with you ?
My being in Egypt , Caesar , what was ’ t to you ?	Caesar , what did my stay in Egypt have to do with you ?
He begins at curfew and walks till the first cock .	He gets up at nightfall and wanders around till dawn .
Let me go , sir , or I 'll knock you o 'er the mazzard .	Let me go , sir , or I 'll knock you over the head .
Room !	Give him room .
Tell me at whose suit .	Tell me , who had him arrested ?
Tis bootless to exclaim .	It ’ s pointless to talk now .
Here I am .	Here I am .
When it concerns the fool or coward .	Only if the hearer is a fool or a coward .
We do it wrong , being so majestical , To offer it the show of violence ; For it is , as the air , invulnerable , And our vain blows malicious mockery .	We do it wrong , its being so like the king , To offer it the show of violence , Because it is , like the air , unable to be hurt , And our empty blows seem like a malicious joke .
He only in a general honest thought And common good to all , made one of them .	Only he acted from honesty and for the general good .
She dies for ’ t . — Eros , ho !	She ’ ll die for it . — Eros , ho !
That did I never hear .	I ’ ve never heard of that .
What , Octavia ?	What is it , Octavia ?
Zounds , he dies !	Jesus , let ’ s kill him !
Oh , the difference of man and man !	What a man ! — especially compared to my husband .
You have done well by water .	You ’ ve done well at sea .
White his shroud as the mountain snow — Alas , look here , my lord !	His shroud is as white as the mountain snow , Alas , look here , my lord !
To the Mariners &ket; Play the I pray now , keep below .	Please now , keep below .
It makes us , or it mars us ; think on that , And fix most firm thy resolution .	It makes us or it ruins us ; think on that , And make your resolution very firm .
I pray you , remember the porter .	Please , don ’ t forget to leave me a tip .
At least two glasses .	At least two hours past that .
Fare you well , my liege .	Goodbye , my lord .
An you love me , let ’ s do ’ t .	Let ’ s go for it .
Soft !	Hang on !
He did ask favor .	He did ask for mercy .
This purse of ducats I received from you , And Dromio my man did bring them me .	I got this purse full of money from you , and my Dromio brought it to me .
I pray you , sirs , lie in my tent and sleep .	Sirs , I ask you to sleep in my tent .
Accost , Sir Andrew , accost .	Chat her up , Sir Andrew .
Hear me , hear me what I say : he that strikes the first stroke , I ’ ll run him up to the hilts , as I am a soldier .	Listen , listen to what I say : whoever strikes first , I ’ ll run him through with my sword , as sure as I ’ m a soldier .
The prince my brother hath outgrown me far .	The prince has far outgrown me .
I say , amen .	I say , amen .
If you would conjure in her , you must make a circle ; if conjure up Love in her in his true likeness , he must appear naked and blind .	For love to appear in his true likeness , he would have to be as Cupid is : naked and blind .
I pray , weep not .	Please don ’ t cry .
Whence camest thou , worthy Thane ?	Where have you come from , worthy baron ?
He is no less than a stuffed man .	He is positively stuffed with honorable virtues .
What is ’ t ?	What is it ?
Three months from twelve , then let me see ; the rate .	Three months from twelve ; then let me see the rate .
Oh , this is the poison of deep grief .	Only my free will — nothing else .
Remember thee ?	Remember you !
I hope you will consider what is spoke Comes from my love .	I hope you remember that I said all this because I love you .
How ’ s the day ?	What time is it ?
And so she did .	That ’ s right , she did .
Shall I be frighted when a madman stares ?	Does a madman scare me when he stares at me ?
Why , one that swears and lies .	Why , one that swears and lies .
Is that true ?	Is that true ?
The first that there did greet my stranger-soul Was my great father-in-law , renownèd Warwick , Who spake aloud , “ What scourge for perjury Can this dark monarchy afford false Clarence ? ” And so he vanished .	With the help of the grim The first to greet me there was my great
Was not that letter from fair Jessica ?	Wasn ’ t that letter from beautiful Jessica ?
Let us on heaps go offer up our lives .	Let ’ s go offer up our lives
Get me a taper in my study , Lucius .	Light a candle in my study , Lucius .
Why , anything .	Say anything .
O , let me not be mad , not mad , sweet heaven !	Oh , dear God , don ’ t let me go mad !
Now I begin : Imprimis , we came down a foul hill , my master riding behind my mistress — Both of one horse ?	Now , I ’ ll begin : first , we came down a steep hill , my master riding behind my mistress — Both on one horse ?
What would your gracious figure ?	What does you gracious figure want ?
Didst thou behold Octavia ?	Did you see Octavia ?
The king doth keep his revels here tonight ; Take heed the queen come not within his sight ; For Oberon is passing fell and wrath , Because that she as her attendant hath A lovely boy , stolen from an Indian king .	Oberon is really angry and annoyed , Because she , just like her attendant , has A lovely boy , that was stolen from an Indian king ; She has never had so sweet a baby that was stolen .
Good morrow , Benedick .	Good morning , Benedick .
I must catechise you for it , madonna .	I ’ ll have to ask you some questions , madam .
Now to my word : It is ‘ Adieu , adieu !	Now to my word : It is Goodbye , goodbye !
The story is extant , and writ in choice Italian .	The original story was written in the finest Italian .
Good friend , ” quoth he , “ Say the firm Roman to great Egypt sends This treasure of an oyster , at whose foot , To mend the petty present , I will piece Her opulent throne with kingdoms .	Good friend , ” he said , “ say that the faithful Roman sends an oyster ’ s treasure to the great Queen of Egypt , and that he plans to enhance this meager gift by adding new kingdoms to her empire .
But , as I can learn , He hearkens after prophecies and dreams , And from the crossrow plucks the letter And says a wizard told him that by “ G ” His issue disinherited should be .	He picked out the letter “ G ” from the alphabet and said a wizard told him that “ G ” will take the throne away from his children .
He is a gentleman of a good house , and for his ransom he will give you two hundred crowns .	He is a gentleman of a good family , and for his ransom , he will give you two hundred crowns .
Why did you laugh then , when I said “ man delights not me ” ?	So why did you laugh when I said that men don ’ t interest me ?
Nor nothing in your letters writ of her ?	And nothing in your letters was written about her ?
tis Hamlet 's character .	It ’ s Hamlet 's handwriting .
Yet , if you be out , sir , I can mend you .	But if your soles are worn out , I can mend you .
Sir , there is especial commission come from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello 's place .	Sir , there is special commission come from Venice to put Cassio in Othello 's place .
What impossible matter will he make easy next ?	What impossible subject will he make easy next ?
I grant him bloody , Luxurious , avaricious , false , deceitful , Sudden , malicious , smacking of every sin That has a name .	I will grant you he is bloody , Luxurious , avaricious , false , deceitful , Sudden , malicious , smacking of every sin That has a name .
We came crying hither .	I came here crying .
God buy you , take mine office .	Goodbye .
A very handsome man .	He ’ s very handsome .
help !	help !
In happy time , Iago .	Good to see you , Iago .
Hence , and avoid my sight ! — So be my grave my peace as here I give Her father ’ s heart from her . — Call France .	Get out of my sight ! — I guess if she doesn ’ t love her father , then I ’ ll only have peace when I ’ m dead . — Call the King of France .
Tis strange , strange .	It ’ s strange , strange .
So the spirit is eased .	It eases the spirit .
Good night , good brother .	Good night , good brother .
Ay , sir , I thank God .	Yes sir , thank God .
And what noise is this ?	And what is that music ?
The Queen , my lord , is dead .	The queen , my lord , is dead .
And what 's he then that says I play the villain ?	And who ’ s he , then , that says I play the villain ?
So out went the candle and we were left darkling .	So the candle went out and now we ’ re all in the dark .
And I do think — or else this brain of mine Hunts not the trail of policy so sure As it hath used to do — that I have found The very cause of Hamlet ’ s lunacy .	And I believe — unless this brain of mine is not so politically cunning as it used to be — that I ’ ve found out why Hamlet ’ s gone crazy .
Will you go with me ?	Will you come with me ?
There is , there is .	There is a crab-apple here .
The games are done and Caesar is returning .	The games are done and Caesar is returning .
No , sir .	No , sir .
Then weigh what loss your honour may sustain If with too credent ear you list his songs , Or lose your heart , or your chaste treasure open To his unmast 'red importunity .	So decide what loss your honor may receive If you listen to his songs with a too believing ear , Or lose your heart , or lose your virginity To his wild sense of bad timing .
Then shall I bleed to death .	I ’ ll bleed to death .
Pardon me , dear Rosalind .	Forgive me , darling Rosalind .
When I do name him , let it be thy part To praise him more than ever man did merit .	Whenever I mention him , praise him more than any man deserves .
How may the Duke be therewith satisfied , Whose messengers are here about my side Upon some present business of the state To bring me to him ?	His messengers are waiting here to take me to him immediately , on pressing state business .
I ’ ll rather kill myself .	I ’ d rather kill myself .
O , how this mother swells up toward my heart !	I feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart .
You ’ re fall ’ n into a princely hand .	You ’ re in the charge of an honorable man .
Is Antony or we in fault for this ?	Who is to blame for this : Antony or I ?
Naught ’ s had , all ’ s spent , Where our desire is got without content .	If you get what you want and you ’ re still not happy , you ’ ve spent everything and gained nothing .
Soldier , you must come to the king .	Soldier , you must come to the king .
Fear not , my lord .	Don ’ t worry , sir .
So Chrish save me , I will cut off your head .	So , by Christ , I ’ ll cut off your head .
Their great guilt , Like poison given to work a great time after , Now ' gins to bite the spirits .	Their guilt is finally starting to gnaw at them , like a slow-acting poison .
Fie , Demetrius !	Shame on you , Demetrius !
We must speak by the card , or equivocation will undo us .	We must speak by the book or lying will undo us .
Nay , I bear it on my shoulders as a beggar wont her brat , and I think when he hath lamed me , I shall beg with it from door to door .	I figure that once he ’ s crippled me , I ’ ll beg by showing off my beatings .
Yes , being kept together and put to use .	Yes , if you kept them together and invested them .
How , in one house , Should many people under two commands Hold amity ?	How could so many people , under two masters , get along under one roof ?
O , touch me not .	Oh , don ’ t touch me .
How now , my pretty knave ?	Well hello , my good boy .
Methinks your maw , like mine , should be your clock , And strike you home without a messenger .	I should think that your appetite would act like a clock ( as mine does ) and bring you home on its own , without the need for a messenger .
Foolish curs , that run winking into the mouth of a Russian bear and have their heads crushed like rotten apples .	Foolish dogs , blindly running straight toward a Russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples .
Soft , soft !	Calm down , calm down .
Peace , children , peace .	Quiet , children , quiet .
If any , speak , for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , because I have offended him .
Belike ’ tis but a rumor .	It was probably just a rumor .
Your Majesty says very true .	Your Majesty is quite right .
But , Lepidus , go you to Caesar ’ s house .	But , Lepidus , go to Caesar ’ s house .
Then Lord have mercy on me !	Then , Lord have mercy on me !
How say 'st thou , that Macduff denies his person At our great bidding ?	What do you think about Macduff ’ s refusing to be At our great bidding ?
If we walk not in the trodden paths our very petticoats will catch them .	If we walk on the well-worn paths , they won ’ t get caught in our petticoats .
It proves not so .	It seems not .
Will your grace command me any service to the world ’ s end ?	Your highness , could you send me on a mission to the ends of the earth ?
Gentlemen !	Gentlemen !
You cannot , if my heart were in your hand , Nor shall not , whilst ’ tis in my custody .	You can ’ t find that out , even if you held my heart in your hand you couldn ’ t make me tell you .
Not Hermia but Helena I love .	I don ’ t love Hermia ; I love Helena .
To do thus I learned of thee .	I learned to do this from you .
And so do I too , lieutenant .	Me too , lieutenant .
Most like a gentleman .	Most like a gentleman .
This is his sword .	This is his sword .
I will kiss your hand , and so I leave you .	I ’ ll kiss your hand , and with that I leave you .
Thy state is the more gracious ; for ' tis a vice to know him .	Your state is the more gracious , for it is a vice to know him .
His name ’ s Cinna .	His name ’ s Cinna .
Well , I may chance to see you , for I would very fain speak with you .	Well , I maybe I ’ ll see you ; because I would very gladly speak with you .
Why , this is an arrant counterfeit rascal .	Why , that man is a total fraud and rascal .
It is a common thing — Ha ?	It ’ s a common What ?
The business of this man looks out of him .	This man looks like his business is urgent .
But you shall find the band that seems to tie their friendship together will be the very strangler of their amity .	But you ’ ll see that the very thing that joins them will be the thing that separates them .
We pray you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt .	We beg you , for your own sake , to respect your safety and give up .
Why , then thou canst not break her to the lute ?	You don ’ t think you can teach her ?
Why is my lord enraged against his love ?	Why is my lord enraged against his love ?
I beseech you pardon me , my lord , if I be mistaken — for my duty cannot be silent when I think your highness wronged .	Please forgive me if I ’ m mistaken , my lord — but I can ’ t keep quiet when I think you ’ re being insulted .
Learn it , learn it , marquess .	Take it to heart , Dorset .
No , indeed , are they not .	No , indeed , they are not .
My lord , I say !	my lord , I say !
You can fool no more money out of me at this throw .	You can ’ t get any more money out of me right now .
Master , young man , you ; I pray you , which is the way to master Jew 's ?	Master young man , you , please ; which is the way to Master Jew 's ?
Tis but a peevish boy — yet he talks well — But what care I for words ?	But what do I care about words ?
What follows , then , my lord ?	What is logical , then , my lord ?
See this dispatched with all the haste thou canst : Anon I ’ ll give thee more instructions .	I ’ ll give you more instructions later .
I beseech your pardon .	You dog , you peasant !
Thou hast described A hot friend cooling .	You ’ ve described a warm friend who ’ s cooling off .
Your servant Kent .	Your servant Kent .
I mock you ?	I make fun of you !
Whether this be Or be not , I ’ ll not swear .	I won ’ t bet on whether or not any of this is real .
Now Margaret ’ s curse is fall 'n upon our heads , When she exclaimed on Hastings , you , and I , For standing by when Richard stabbed her son .	Now Margaret ’ s curse has fallen on our heads , for standing by and doing nothing when Richard stabbed her son .
He is at hand , and Pindarus is come To do you salutation from his master .	He ’ s close by , and Pindarus has come To bring you greetings from his master .
He cannot be such a monster — Nor is not , sure .	He can ’ t possibly be such a monster — And I ’ m sure he isn ’ t .
This is as uncivil as strange .	This is as rude as it is strange .
That I am guiltless of your father 's death , And am most sensibly in grief for it , It shall as level to your judgment pierce As day does to your eye .	It shall penetrate your understanding That I am innocent of your father 's death , And am most sincerely in grief for it , As day penetrates your eye .
Gallants , I am not as I have been .	Gentleman , I am not the same man I was before .
Tonight , my lord ?	Tonight , my lord ?
I know it well , sir .	I know that , sir .
Brother — Content yourself .	Brother — Quiet .
I think this tale would win my daughter too .	I think a story like that would win my own daughter over .
Braved in mine own house with a skein of thread ?	Disrespected in my own house by a spool of thread !
But thou wouldst not think how ill all ’ s here about my heart .	But I have a sinking feeling anyway .
Triple-turned whore !	Three-time traitor and whore !
Murellus and Flavius , for pulling scarfs off Caesar ’ s images , are put to silence .	Murellus and Flavius have been punished for pulling scarves off statues of Caesar .
If there be any impediment , I pray you discover it .	If there ’ s any reason we shouldn ’ t get married , I urge you to tell me .
Not so happy , yet much happier .	You are not as happy as Macbeth , yet much happier .
For Christian shame , put by this barbarous brawl .	For heaven ’ s sake , stop this savage brawl !
Be not so .	Don ’ t be cruel , Demetrius .
Oh , what a goodly outside falsehood hath !	Oh , liars can look so honest !
Is in his retirement marvelous distempered .	He ’ s in his chambers now , and he ’ s extremely upset .
We have engaged ourselves too far .	We ’ ve advanced too far .
Let pride , which she calls plainness , marry her .	If she wants to be proud , or “ honest , ” as she calls it , she can just marry her own pride .
No shame but mine .	The humiliation is all mine .
Whose noise is this that ones on murder ?	Who ’ s shouting “ murder ” ?
If you have tears , prepare to shed them now .	If you ’ ve got tears , get ready to shed them now .
I speak not to disprove what Brutus spoke , But here I am to speak what I do know .	I am not here to disprove what Brutus has said , but to say what I think there ’ s a lot of sense in what he says .
Her name is Portia , nothing undervalued To Cato ’ s daughter , Brutus ' Portia .	Her name is Portia .
Mark 'd ye his words ?	Did you pay attention to his words ?
He said once the devil would have him about women .	He once said the devil would get him because of women .
Look to my chattels and my movables .	Look after my goods and possessions .
Shall , Antipholus , Even in the spring of love thy love-springs rot ?	Is the building of your love already in ruins ?
These be good humors .	This is healthy talk .
When in that moment so it came to pass , Titania waked and straightway loved an ass .	At that exact moment , Titania woke up and immediately fell in love with him , an ass .
Prithee , dispatch .	Please , hurry up .
Or stole it , rather .	Or stole it , rather .
Hold , hold , my heart , And you , my sinews , grow not instant old , But bear me stiffly up .	Keep beating , my heart , and muscles , don ’ t grow old yet — keep me standing .
That will ask some tears in the true performing of it .	That will require some tears in the true performance of it .
Alas !	Oh , dear !
Ay — but not yet to die !	But I ’ m not dying yet !
Nay , yet there ’ s more in this .	No , I think there ’ s more to this than you ’ re letting on .
Say that some lady , as perhaps there is , Hath for your love a great a pang of heart As you have for Olivia .	Just imagine some lady might exist who loves you as powerfully and agonizingly as you love Olivia .
Brother Anthony —	Brother Anthony —
What then ?	What then ?
How now , Lorenzo ?	How is it now , Lorenzo !
That ’ s strange .	That ’ s strange .
Thrice hath Calpurnia in her sleep cried out , “ Help , ho !	Three times Calpurnia has cried out in her sleep , " Help , oh !
A most ridiculous monster , to make a wonder of a poor drunkard !	A most ridiculous monster , to make a a poor drunkard amazing !
Tis partly my own fault , Which death or absence soon shall remedy .	It ’ s partly my own fault , since I followed you here .
The Lord Grandpré .	The Lord Grandpré .
O , horrible !	O , horrible !
As thou 'rt a man , Give me the cup .	Please , give me that goblet , if you love me .
Soft you ; a word or two before you go .	Pardon me , a word or two before you go .
He ’ s married to Octavia .	He ’ s married to Octavia .
I shall obey , my lord .	I shall obey , my lord .
You were best knock louder .	You ’ d better knock louder .
What shall I do ?	What shall I do ?
Fare you well , Jessica .	Goodbye , Jessica .
Now , I prithee , daughter , do not make me mad .	I beg you , daughter , don ’ t make me crazy .
O , then by day Where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough To mask thy monstrous visage ?	If so , when it ’ s day , where are you going to find a cave dark enough to hide your monstrous face ?
What bloody man is that ?	What man is that with blood all over him ?
She ’ s dead as earth .	She ’ s as dead as the cold ground .
It cannot be .	That can ’ t happen .
Young fry of treachery !	What ’ s that , you runt ?
O heavens !	O heavens !
What manner o ’ thing is your crocodile ?	What does a crocodile look like ?
He is my prisoner .	He ’ s my prisoner .
It were well The general were put in mind of it .	It would be good To let the general know about it .
Sweet soul , let ’ s in , and there expect their coming .	My dear , let ’ s go inside and wait for them to arrive .
When these prodigies Do so conjointly meet , let not men say “ These are their reasons ; they are natural , ” For , I believe , they are portentous things Unto the climate that they point upon .	When these omens All happen at the same time , don ’ t let men say " These things have their reasons ; they ’ re natural , " For I believe they ’ re warning signs That predict the climate that they point to .
See , see , our honor 'd hostess !	See , see , our honored hostess !
What sayst thou to him ?	What do you have to say to me ?
My lord ?	My lord ?
Why , what did I ?	Why , what did I do ?
Marry , sir , for this something that you gave me for nothing .	Because you gave me something for nothing .
Know I these men that come along with you ?	Do I know these men that come along with you ?
Return with her ?	Go back with her ?
Knock Knock Knock , knock !	Knock , knock .
Tis much he dares , And to that dauntless temper of his mind He hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor To act in safety .	He has the wisdom to act bravely but also safely .
I ’ ll to my charge .	I ’ ll go and join my men .
Your voice shall be as strong as any man ’ s In the disposing of new dignities .	Your vote will be as strong as anyone ’ s in the reordering of the government .
Pause awhile , And let my counsel sway you in this case .	Hold on a moment , and listen to my advice .
Give me your hands , if we be friends , And Robin shall restore amends .	Let ’ s have your applause , if we are friends , And Robin shall make good on his promise .
Marry , sir , she ’ s the kitchen wench , and all grease , and I know not what use to put her to but to make a lamp of her and run from her by her own light .	The only thing I could do with her is to use all that oil as fuel in a lamp and then use that light to run away by .
Faith , the cry goes that you shall marry her .	Faith , the rumor goes that you shall marry her .
What shall I do ?	What shall I do for you ?
Revenge .	Revenge .
He hath not told his thought to the king ?	He hasn ’ t told this to the king , has he ?
I will be hanged , if some eternal villain , Some busy and insinuating rogue , Some cogging , cozening slave , to get some office , Have not devised this slander .	I bet my life some evil busybody , some meddling , lying jerk made up this rumor to get some position .
She , dying , gave it me And bid me , when my fate would have me wived , To give it her .	When she was dying she gave it to me and told me to give it to my wife when I got married .
Is ’ t gone ?	Is it gone ?
Arm 'd , my lord .	Armed , my lord .
Where is Lysander and fair Hermia ?	Where are Lysander and beautiful Hermia ?
Does any here know me ?	Does anyone here know who I am ?
Dear Duff , I prithee , contradict thyself , And say it is not so .	Dear Duff , I beg you , contradict yourself , And say it is not so .
If it will please you To show us so much gentry and good will As to expend your time with us awhile For the supply and profit of our hope , Your visitation shall receive such thanks As fits a king 's remembrance .	If you will please Show us so much gentry and goodwill As to spend your time with us a while , To help us find out what is troubling him , Your visit shall receive such thanks As only a King can give .
Shall I strike at it with my partisan ?	Should I strike it with my spear ?
And I with him .	And I came with him .
Nay , that ’ s not your way .	But that ’ s not how you ’ re going to be .
You shall do small respect , show too bold malice Against the grace and person of my master , Stocking his messenger .	If you put me in the stocks you ’ ll insult him both as a king and as a man .
Come , prepare .	Come on , get ready .
I say , it is not lost .	I ’ m telling you , it ’ s not lost .
Ay , good my lord .	Yes , my lord .
My daughter ’ s mother thinks it with her soul .	I believe it .
The devil himself could not pronounce a title More hateful to mine ear .	The devil himself could not pronounce a title More hateful to my ear .
He ’ s coming , madam .	He ’ s coming , ma 'am .
Go , sirrah , seek him .	Go look for him .
It must needs be of subtle , tender , and delicate temperance .	The island must be mild , and have a temperate climate .
It is no matter .	Fast asleep ?
Go seek the traitor Gloucester .	Go find the traitor Gloucester .
Heavenly powers , restore him !	Dear God , please make him normal again !
Marry , to — Come , captain , will you go ?	By Mary , to … Come , captain , will you go ?
But here they come .	Here they come .
Brutus killed me .	Brutus killed me .
O my father , I have broke your hest to say so !	I have broken his command not to say so .
Then saw you not his face ?	Then you didn ’ t see his face ?
He looks gentler than he did .	He looks calmer than he did before .
Me , uncle ?	Me , uncle ?
For God 's love let me hear !	For God 's love , let me hear what you have to say .
Away , go !	away , go !
I will speak lower .	Think about it .
He says , my lord , your daughter is not well .	He says your daughter ’ s not feeling well , my lord .
That very time I saw ( but thou couldst not ) Flying between the cold moon and the Earth , Cupid all armed .	You couldn ’ t see him , but I could .
Beshrew me , if I would do such a wrong For the whole world .	I ’ d never do such a bad thing , not for the whole world !
I do desire no more .	I don ’ t want anything more .
Sblood , but you ’ ll not hear me !	Damn it , you ’ re not listening to me !
I heard it not .	I didn ’ t hear it .
O my daughter , Fled with a Christian !	Ran off with a Christian !
He raised the house with loud and coward cries .	He woke up the whole house with his loud and cowardly screams .
My lord , his majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head .	My lord , His Majesty wanted me to tell you that he ’ s placed a large bet on you .
Now good digestion wait on appetite , And health on both !	Now , may good digestion follow your appetites , And health on both !
O mighty Caesar !	O mighty Caesar !
Art thou there , Diomed ?	Is that you , Diomedes ?
Question enrages him .	Talk makes him crazy .
He is returned .	Here he comes back .
There 's blood upon thy face .	There 's blood upon your face .
It is a creature That dotes on Cassio , as ' tis the strumpet 's plague To beguile many and be beguiled by one .	It is a creature That dotes on Cassio , as it is the whore 's disease To trick many and be tricked by one .
Oh , they are our friends .	Oh , but these are our friends .
Fly , good Fleance , fly , fly , fly !	Get out of here , good Fleance , run , run , run !
Live you ?	Are you alive ?
If I speak true !	If I ’ m lying , then
What is Pyramus ?	What ’ s Pyramus ?
Saw you the weird sisters ?	Did you see the weird sisters ?
Call you ?	Did you call me ?
Caesar and he are greater friends than ever .	Caesar and he are better friends than ever .
And we did think it writ down in our duty To let you know of it .	We thought you ought to know about it .
With drinking healths to my niece .	We only drink toasts to my niece .
Fie , my lord , fie !	For shame , my lord , for shame !
If your master Would have a queen his beggar , you must tell him , That majesty , to keep decorum , must No less beg than a kingdom .	If your master wants a queen to beg from him , you should tell him that a queen will beg for no less than a kingdom .
What ’ s to be done ?	What are you going to do ?
For shame , you generals !	For shame , you generals !
Good Laertes , If you desire to know the certainty Of your dear father 's death , is 't writ in your revenge That , swoopstake , you will draw both friend and foe , Winner and loser ?	Good Laertes , If you desire to know the circumstances Of your dear father 's death , is it written in your revenge That , in the gambling , you will draw both friend and foe , winner and loser ?
Well . — Now come , my Ariel !	Well . — Now come , my Ariel !
If you would not , it were a good sign that I should quickly have a new father .	If you aren ’ t weeping , it ’ s a good sign that I ’ ll soon have a new father .
My thanes and kinsmen , Henceforth be Earls , the first that ever Scotland In such an honor named .	My barons and relatives , From this point forward you are earls , the first that Scotland ever Named to such an honor .
Mustardseed .	Mustardseed .
Sir , I cannot .	Sir , I cannot .
I ' th ' air or th ' earth ?	From the earth , or the air ?
Is this the king we sent to for his ransom ?	Is this the king we offered to ransom ?
You say very true , scald knave , when God ’ s will is .	That ’ s very true , mangy rascal , when it pleases God .
Who did strike out the light ?	Who put out the light ?
But let me to my fortune and the caskets .	But let me go to my fortune and the chests .
Consider then we come but in despite .	Please keep in mind we ’ re only here out of spite .
Faith , he is posted hence on serious matter .	He rushed away on serious business .
What he hath lost , noble Macbeth hath won .	The thane of Cawdor has lost what the noble Macbeth has won .
For what had he to do to chide at me ?	What right did he have to scold me like that ?
Antonio , I arrest thee at the suit of Count Orsino .	Antonio , you ’ re under arrest on the orders of Count Orsino .
Is ’ t come to this ?	What ’ s going on these days ?
But say , I prithee , is he coming home ?	But please , tell me : is he coming home ?
Wherefore speaks he this To her he hates ?	Why does he talk like that to a girl he can ’ t stand ?
We are very sorry for ’ t .	We ’ re sorry to hear this .
To this , add defiance , and tell him , for conclusion , he hath betrayed his followers , whose condemnation is pronounced . ” So far my king and master ; so much my office .	Add defiance to all this and , by way of conclusion , tell him that he has betrayed the men who follow him , whose death sentence has been pronounced . ” My king and master ’ s message delivered , my task is done .
For him , I think not on him .	As for him , I never think about him .
Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant ?	Are you planning on showing me all your wit at once ?
Tis such another fitchew !	It ’ s another such polecat !
To a nunnery , go .	Get yourself to a convent , fast .
Thou hast , Ventidius , that Without the which a soldier and his sword Grants scarce distinction .	A soldier is just a tool , like his sword , unless he has your qualities , Ventidius .
Give me leave , Caesar .	May I speak , Caesar .
Who knows if Donalbain be with his brother ?	Does any one know if Donalbain be with his brother ?
The Mayor and all his brethren in best sort , Like to the senators of th ' antique Rome , With the plebeians swarming at their heels , Go forth and fetch their conquering Caesar in — As , by a lower but loving likelihood ,	Picture the mayor and all his brother citizens dressed in their best as they go forth like senators of ancient Rome to welcome home their conquering Caesar .
Why did you so cry out , sirs , in your sleep ?	Sirs , why did you cry out like that your sleep ?
Tell me , and dally not : where is the money ?	Tell me right now and stop fooling : where ’ s the money ?
It 's true , good lieutenant .	It 's true , good lieutenant .
What ’ s that , my lord ?	What ’ s that , my lord ?
Is thy master coming ?	Is your master coming ?
My boon I make it that you know me not Till time and I think meet .	I have to ask you , as a favor , not to let on that you recognize me until the time is right .
Come , hang them on this line .	Come , hang them on this line .
Well , And well am like to do , for I perceive , Four feasts are toward .	I ’ m well , and probably will be for a while , as I hear that four feasts are being prepared .
Live , Brutus !	Live , Brutus !
And did they bid you tell her of it , madam ?	And did they ask you to tell Beatrice about this , madam ?
Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !	Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !
Keep the door .	Guard the door .
Marry , well said , very well said .	By Mary , well said , very well said .
Your reason .	Explain .
Go , girl .	Go , daughter .
I , not remembering how I cried out then , Will cry it o 'er again .	I can ’ t remember how I cried then , but I ’ ll cry all over again .
Call Philostrate .	Call Philostrate .
Ay , sir , all this is so .	Yes , sir , all this is so .
I fear he will prove the weeping philosopher when he grows old , being so full of unmannerly sadness in his youth .	If he ’ s so sad and solemn when he ’ s young , I can only imagine how much he ’ ll cry as an old man .
Ay , that they do , my lord , Hercules and his load too .	Yes , they do , my lord , Hercules and his load too .
Ay , madam .	Yes , madam .
Early tomorrow will we rise and hence .	We will rise early tomorrow , and be on our way .
Fare you well , my dove !	Fare you well , my dove !
I ’ ll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle .	I ’ ll beat him until the welts look like basket-weave !
Sinful Macduff , They were all struck for thee !	Sinful Macduff , They were all struck for you !
Thy spirit walks abroad , and turns our swords In our own proper entrails .	Your spirit walks abroad , and turns our swords Into our own guts .
My heart prays for him , though my tongue do curse .	My heart adores him , even though my tongue curses him .
O Ratcliffe , I have dreamed a fearful dream !	Oh Ratcliffe , I had a terrifying dream !
Tis not so sweet now as it was before .	It doesn ’ t sound as sweet as it did before .
Then , tell me , Who ’ s the next heir of Naples ?	So , in that case , tell me who ’ s next in line to inherit the kingdom of Naples ?
Stand to ’ t .	Prepare yourselves .
If thou the next night following enjoy not Desdemona , take me from this world with treachery and devise engines for my life .	If you ’ re not having sex with Desdemona tomorrow night , then I suggest you find some way to stab me in the back and kill me .
Signior Baptista , you are happily met . — Sir , this is the gentleman I told you of .	Signior Baptista , I ’ m glad to see you . — Sir , this is the gentleman I told you of .
O cruel !	Oh , so cruel !
Prithee , my king , be quiet .	Please , my king , be quiet .
I ’ ll never care what wickedness I do , If this man come to good .	If our criminal master gets off free , I won ’ t care what happens to me anymore .
I have heard Your grace hath ta 'en great pains to qualify His rigorous course .	They tell me you ’ ve done everything you can to talk him out of what he ’ s doing .
We the globe can compass soon , Swifter than the wandering moon .	We go around the globe , Swifter than the wandering moon .
Prince Dauphin , you shall stay with us in Rouen .	Prince Dauphin , you ’ ll stay with me in Rouen .
Stay , gentle Helena .	Stay , lovely Helena .
Virtue ?	Virtue !
I would give you some violets , but they with- er 'd all when my father died .	I would give you some violets , but they withered all when my father died .
I know it is the moon .	I know it ’ s the moon .
Did heaven look on , And would not take their part ?	Did heaven look on And would not take their side ?
Here comes Antony .	Here comes Antony .
There may as well be amity and life ' Tween snow and fire , as treason and my love .	They ’ re as opposite as hot and cold .
To me you speak not .	Only you don ’ t speak to me .
Shake off this downy sleep , death 's counterfeit , And look on death itself !	Shake off this soft sleep , death 's disguise , And look on death itself !
If thou darest tempt me further , draw thy sword .	If you insist on trying my patience any further , then take out your sword right now .
Are these , I pray you , wind instruments ?	Are these wind instruments ?
The lunatic , the lover , and the poet Are of imagination all compact .	Lunatics , lovers , and poets all are ruled by their overactive imaginations .
Would it be better , madam , than I am ?	Would it be better if I were that , instead of what I am ?
But to my mind , though I am native here And to the manner born , it is a custom More honored in the breach than the observance .	But though I was born here and should consider that tradition part of my own heritage , I think it would be better to ignore it than practice it .
And squabble ?	Squabbling ?
Yes , Shylock , I will seal unto this bond .	Yes , Shylock , I ’ ll sign the contract and agree to its terms .
What wood is this before us ?	What ’ s the name of this forest behind us ?
Here hung those lips that I have kissed I know not how oft .	Here hung those lips that I have kissed I don ’ t know how many times .
Thou dost snore distinctly .	You ’ re snoring , but it sounds like you ’ re talking .
Good Portia , go to bed .	Good Portia , go ahead to bed .
If it be a suit from the count , I am sick , or not at home .	If he ’ s got a message from the count , tell him I ’ m sick , or not home .
If thou rememb ’ rest not the slightest folly That ever love did make thee run into , Thou hast not loved .	If you can ’ t remember the stupidest little thing love made you do , you haven ’ t loved .
Nay , but he prated And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your honor That , with the little godliness I have , I did full hard forbear him .	But he kept chattering so foolishly , talking about you in such insulting and despicable terms , that it was hard for me to restrain myself .
Now .	Now .
O heart , lose not thy nature ; let not ever The soul of Nero enter this firm bosom .	O heart , don ’ t give up now , don ’ t ever let the soul of Nero , the crazy emperor , enter this determined heart .
What ’ s he that wishes so ?	Who wishes that ?
In such a night To shut me out !	Imagine them locking me out on a night like this !
But yet I ’ ll go in hate to feed upon The prodigal Christian . — Jessica , my girl , Look to my house .	But I ’ ll go out of spite , to feed off the wasteful Christian . — Jessica , my girl , watch the house .
She hath prevented me .	Well , she got away .
Come in , tailor .	Come on in , tailor .
Upon the right hand I.	I ’ ll go to the right side .
Speak , hands , for me !	Hands , speak for me !
I had rather be a toad , And live upon the vapor of a dungeon , Than keep a corner in the thing I love For others ' uses .	I had rather be a toad , And live on the air of a dungeon , Than keep a piece of the thing I love For others ' uses .
O my son , what theme ?	Oh , my son , what issue is that ?
This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious , but The mistress which I serve quickens what 's dead And makes my labours pleasures .	This mean task of mine Would be as heavy to me as hateful , except that The mistress I serve makes alive what 's dead , And makes my labors pleasurable : Oh !
Ay , and a bold one , that dare look on that Which might appall the devil .	Yes , and a brave one , who dares to look at something that would frighten the devil .
Come , come , good wine is a good familiar creature , if it be well used .	Come , come , good wine is a good familiar creature , if it is well used .
But there is never a fair woman has a true face .	But no beautiful woman has an honest face .
Tis one Iago , ancient to the general .	It is one Iago , ensign to the general .
Your sister 's drown 'd , Laertes .	Your sister 's drowned , Laertes .
All that follow their noses are led by their eyes but blind men , and there ’ s not a nose among twenty but can smell him that ’ s stinking .	Everyone can see that , and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery now .
Oh , that I were a man !	Oh , I wish I were a man !
It is a nipping and an eager air .	Yes , it ’ s definitely nippy .
Do , if it will not stand .	Go ahead , if it will not stand .
No , he ’ s a yeoman that has a gentleman to his son , for he ’ s a mad yeoman that sees his son a gentleman before him .	No , he ’ s an ordinary guy who ’ s got a gentleman for a son , since someone would have to be crazy to let his son become a gentleman before he ’ s achieved that distinction himself .
But no more sights ! — Where are these gentlemen ?	But no more spooky visions ! — Where are the messengers ?
The patch is kind enough , but a huge feeder , Snail-slow in profit , and he sleeps by day More than the wildcat .	The fool ’ s nice enough , but he ’ s such a huge eater , and slow as a snail when he works .
Tis but one cast away , and so , come , death .	So , take me , death !
Worthy Macbeth , we stay upon your leisure .	Good Macbeth , we ’ re ready when you are .
O wonderful son , that can so astonish a mother !	O wonderful son , that can so astonish a mother !
We shall obey , were she ten times our mother .	I ’ d obey even if she were my mother ten times over .
Well , good night .	Well , good night .
Remain thou still in darkness .	Stay in the dark .
There is a fat friend at your master ’ s house That kitchened me for you today at dinner .	You have a fat friend at your master ’ s house : she took care of me in the kitchen today , thinking I was you .
Go , one of you , find out the forester .	One of you go find the forest ranger .
There was more foolery yet , if could remember it .	There was more nonsense , if I could only remember it .
I shall be much bound to you for ’ t .	I ’ d be very grateful to you if you did .
Which is the lady I must seize upon ?	Which is the lady I ’ m supposed to marry ?
If any wretch have put this in your head , Let heaven requite it with the serpent 's curse !	If any wretch has put this in your head , Let heaven repay them with the serpent 's curse !
I wis , your grandam had a worser match .	Certainly , your grandmother had a worse match .
My charms I 'll break , their senses I 'll restore , And they shall be themselves .	I 'll break my spells , I 'll restore their senses , And they shall be themselves again .
I could play Ercles rarely , or a part to tear a cat in to make all split .	I could do a great job with Hercules , or any other part that requires ranting and raving .
I dare swear he is no hypocrite but prays from his heart .	I think he ’ s actually serious , and not just being polite .
Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice ?	Did you see how he laughed about sleeping with her ?
Even those you were wont to take such delight in , the tragedians of the city .	Even those you usually enjoy , the tragedians of the city .
Not for Cadwallader and all his goats .	Not for Cadwallader and all his goats .
And hath given countenance to his speech , my lord , With almost all the holy vows of heaven .	And has given proper appearance to his speech , my lord , With almost all the holy vows of heaven .
O Iago , the pity of it , Iago !	Oh , it ’ s dreadful , dreadful , Iago !
Lady !	Lady !
Why comest thou ?	Why do you come ?
Be not afraid , though you do see me weaponed .	Don ’ t be afraid , even though you see me with a weapon .
Come , Casca , you and I will yet ere day See Brutus at his house .	Come on , Casca , you and I will go see Brutus at his house before sunrise .
Good grandam , tell us , is our father dead ?	Tell me , good grandmother , is our father dead ?
Good !	Good !
For youth is bought more oft than begged or borrow ’ d .	It ’ s easier to buy young people than to beg or borrow them .
Oh , a cherubim Thou wast that did preserve me .	No , my dear , you were a little angel who kept me going .
Or rather , do thy pleasure .	Or rather , do what you feel like doing .
They say Edgar , his banished son , is with the Earl of Kent in Germany .	I hear that Edgar , Gloucester ’ s exiled son , is with the Earl of Kent in Germany .
No , great king .	No , great king .
And that were much he should , for he is given To sports , to wildness and much company .	And I ’ d be surprised if he even did that , for he prefers sports , fun , and friends .
Most mighty Caesar , let me know some cause , Lest I be laughed at when I tell them so .	Most mighty Caesar , give me some reason , so I won ’ t be laughed at when I tell them so .
My uncle !	My uncle !
It is a great price for a small vice .	It ’ s a big prize for such a small sin .
I pray thee , do not mock me , fellow student .	Please , don ’ t make fun of me .
Give us a light there , ho !	Give us a light there , hello !
My wife kill 'd too ?	My wife killed too ?
I but believe it partly , For I am fresh of spirit and resolved To meet all perils very constantly .	I only believe part of it , Because my spirit is fresh , and I am resolved To meet all perils very constantly .
At sea , I think .	I think it was at sea .
Not that , I hope , which you received of me .	Not the one I gave you , I hope .
But , Othello , speak .	But , Othello , speak .
Come , come , come , come , give me your hand .	Come , come , come , come , give me your hand .
Come , bird , come .	Come , bird , come .
Ay , when the special thing is well obtained , That is , her love , for that is all in all .	That counts for everything .
Is that the law ?	Is that the law ?
For your coming in to dinner , sir , why , let it be as humours and conceits shall govern .	As for your coming in to dinner , just do what you feel is right .
I hear none , madam .	I don ’ t hear anything , madam .
Behold the threaden sails , Borne with th ' invisible and creeping wind , Draw the huge bottoms through the furrowed sea , Breasting the lofty surge .	Picture the linen sails driven by the invisible and subtle wind as they pull the vast hulls through the wrinkled sea , breasting the high waves .
Have patience , I beseech .	Have some patience , please .
Well , do your discretion .	Well , have it your way .
Be near at hand ; I may miscarry in 't .	Be near at hand ; I mess it up .
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me compare with Hermia ’ s sphery eyne ?	What evil and deceitful mirror made me think I could rival Hermia ’ s starry eyes ?
Wherefore ?	Why ?
I must eat my dinner .	I have to eat my dinner now .
Ay , sir .	Yes , sir .
She is dead .	She is dead .
Mine ear , I thank it , brought me to thy sound But why unkindly didst thou leave me so ?	Why did you leave me alone so unkindly ?
If his fitness speaks , mine is ready ; now or when- soever , provided I be so able as now .	If he is ready now , I am too , now or whenever , provided that I am so able as I am now .
It is a creature That dotes on Cassio , as ’ tis the strumpet ’ s plague To beguile many and be beguiled by one .	That ’ s the whore ’ s curse , to seduce many men , but to be seduced by one .
Sir , can you tell Where he bestows himself ?	Sir , can you tell Where he is ?
Relent , sweet Hermia ; and , Lysander , yield Thy crazed title to my certain right .	Give in , sweet Hermia ; — and , Lysander , give up Your crazy claim to my future bride .
Go , my dread lord , to your great-grandsire ’ s tomb , From whom you claim .	Go to the tomb of your great-grandfather , from whom your own title to the crown derives .
I will do ’ t , my lord .	I won ’ t speak to her .
Most royal majesty , I crave no more than hath your highness offered .	Your highness , I want nothing more than what you ’ ve already offered .
We 'll teach you to drink deep ere you depart .	We 'll teach you to drink a lot before you leave !
A foolish thought , to say a sorry sight .	That ’ s a stupid thing to say .
The king ’ s son , Ferdinand , With hair up-staring — then , like reeds , not hair — Was the first man that leaped , cried , “ Hell is empty And all the devils are here . ” Why , that ’ s my spirit !	The king ’ s son , Ferdinand , with his hair standing straight up — it looked like reeds , not hair — was the first person to jump , shouting , “ Hell is empty , and all the devils are here ! ” Good job !
Where is Lysander and fair Hermia ?	Where are Lysander and fair Hermia ?
Some officers take them away .	Officers , take them away .
Here ’ s his dry hand up and down .	Look , you ’ ve got his wrinkled hands .
You are a fishmonger .	You sell fish .
Soul of Rome !	Soul of Rome !
His words were , “ Farewell , mistress . ” Nothing else .	He said “ Goodbye , madam , ” and nothing else .
The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables .	The leftovers from the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet .
What think ’ st thou ?	What do you think ?
I know him to be valiant .	I know him to be valiant .
There ’ s no doubt his majesty Will soon recover his accustomed health .	I ’ m sure his majesty will recover his health soon .
Now , my Titania ; wake you , my sweet queen .	Now , my Titania , wake up , my sweet queen .
Let me hire him too . — Here ’ s my coxcomb .	Wait , let me hire him too . — Here ’ s my fool ’ s cap , a token of my gratitude .
A horse , a horse , my kingdom for a horse !	A horse , a horse , I ’ d give my kingdom for a horse !
Was ever man so beaten ?	Was a man ever beaten as much as me ?
What raiment will your Honor wear today ?	What garment would your Honor like to wear today ?
Speak .	Speak .
Think , my lord ?	Think , my lord !
Her eye must be fed ; and what delight shall she have to look on the devil ?	Her eye must be fed , and what joy will she have to look on the devil ?
Come , father , I ’ ll bestow you with a friend .	Come , father , I ’ ll leave you at a friend ’ s house .
You shall be soon dispatched with fair conditions .	You ’ ll have your answer soon .
I was of late as petty to his ends As is the morn-dew on the myrtle leaf To his grand sea .	Until recently , I was as unimportant to his affairs as the morning dew is to the wide ocean .
I had rather break mine own .	I ’ d rather break my own heart .
Ay , sir , it is too true , God help the while .	Yes , sir , it ’ s all too true , God help us .
Hark , she speaks !	Listen , she speaks .
Oh , I have read it .	Oh , I ’ ve read that .
Soft , Caesar .	Go on , Caesar .
To none but thee , no more but when to thee .	To none but you , only to you .
We , ignorant of ourselves , Beg often our own harms , which the wise powers Deny us for our good , so find we profit By losing of our prayers .	In that case , the wise gods deny our prayers for our own good .
There lies the duke asleep , and there the keys .	Here are the keys , and there is the duke , sleeping .
This , Decius Brutus .	This is Decius Brutus .
how I dote on thee !	how I adore on you !
Come on then ; down , and swear .	Come on , then ; down , and swear .
What news ?	Anyway , what ’ s up ?
An ’ twere to me , I should be mad at it .	If it were me , I ’ d be very upset too .
I am given , sir , secretly to understand that your younger brother Orlando hath a disposition to come in disguised against me to try a fall .	I ’ ve been informed by certain sources I can ’ t disclose that your younger brother Orlando plans to fight me in disguise .
The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog as black as Acheron , And lead these testy rivals so astray As one come not within another ’ s way .	Cover the sky with a low-hanging fog , as dark as hell , and get these overeager rivals so completely lost in the woods that they can ’ t run into each other .
If I should take a displeasure against you , look you — Thou wert but a lost monster .	If I decide to get angry at you , just watch out — You ’ d be done for then , monster .
Help me hence , ho !	Help me out of here , quickly !
Peace !	Quiet now !
But my Muse labors , And thus she is deliver 'd .	But my inspiration works , And she is delivered like this .
This is a slight unmeritable man , Meet to be sent on errands .	This is a foolish man without merit , Good to be sent on errands .
Do you know me , my lord ?	Do you know me , my lord ?
Cassio did top her , ask thy husband else .	Ask your husband if you doubt me .
Fare you well , my lord .	Good-bye , my lord .
About it , and write “ happy ” when thou ’ st done .	When you ’ ve finished , you ’ ll be a happy man .
Wretched Queen , adieu !	Wretched queen , goodbye !
Indeed , upon my sword , indeed .	Yes , but swear by my sword this time .
I shall the effect of this good lesson keep As watchman to my heart .	I ’ ll keep your words of wisdom close to my heart .
How chances it they travel ?	What are they doing on the road ?
I do , Mark Antony .	I do , Mark Antony .
Never till this day Saw I him touched with anger so distempered .	I ’ ve never seen him like this .
Help me , help me !	Help me , help me !
Madam , good night .	Good night , madam .
Was not this love indeed ?	Doesn ’ t that sound like true love ?
So will it , madam till I lie with you .	Exactly , madam , until I sleep with you .
Oh , now you weep , and , I perceive , you feel The dint of pity .	Oh , now you weep , and I sense that you feel pity .
I pray you .	I beg you .
Go to , then .	As you please .
I ’ ll call Sir Toby the whilst .	Meanwhile , I ’ ll get Sir Toby .
Iago , who began ’ t ?	Iago , who started it ?
You grow exceeding strange : must it be so ?	You ’ re turning into strangers ; has it come to that ?
Even as a flatt 'ring dream or worthless fancy .	It would be just like a nice daydream or fantasy .
I protest I take these wise men that crow so at these set kind of fools no better than the fools ' zanies .	I swear , anyone smart who laughs at these courts jesters is nothing but a jester ’ s apprentice .
I understand not , madam .	I don ’ t know what you mean , madam .
We must both give and take , my loving lord .	We ’ ve got to give them and take them , my lord .
I can tell you it will serve you to mend your shoes .	I tell you , you can use it to get your shoes fixed .
The doors are broke .	The doors are broken .
Free , madam , no .	I didn ’ t say free , madam .
We ’ ll go to supper i ' th ' morning .	We ’ ll have supper in the morning .
Did not you speak ?	Didn ’ t you say something ?
Say from whence You owe this strange intelligence , or why Upon this blasted heath you stop our way With such prophetic greeting .	Tell me where you learned these strange things , and why you stop us at this desolate place with this prophetic greeting ?
O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !	Oh , Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !
Fair love , you faint with wandering in the wood ; And , to speak troth , I have forgot our way ; We 'll rest us , Hermia , if you think it good , And tarry for the comfort of the day .	Fair love , you are exhausted with wandering in the forest .
Away before me to sweet beds of flowers .	Take me to the garden .
There ’ s meaning in thy snores .	There ’ s meaning in your snoring .
Now from head to foot I am marble-constant .	Now from head to foot I ’ m as firm as marble .
If he be leaden , icy , cold , unwilling , Be thou so too , and so break off the talk , And give us notice of his inclination ; For we tomorrow hold divided councils , Wherein thyself shalt highly be employed .	But if he ’ s resistant and chilly , then be like that too and break off the conversation .
What ’ s your will ?	What would you like me to do ?
At nine i ' the morning here we 'll meet again .	At nine in the morning , we 'll meet here again .
Oh , curse of marriage That we can call these delicate creatures ours And not their appetites !	Oh what a curse marriage is !
But in my terms of honor I stand aloof , and will no reconcilement Till by some elder masters , of known honor , I have a voice and precedent of peace To keep my name ungored .	I will accept no apology until experts in matters of honor show me how to make peace with you without staining my own reputation in doing so .
How can it be ?	How can it be ?
I would she were in heaven , so she could Entreat some power to change this currish Jew .	I wish she were in heaven so she could appeal to some power to make this dog Jew change his mind .
For the which I hear what they say of him .	I hear what they say about him for doing that .
Sir , speed you .	How do you do , sir .
to Sebastian &ket; True , save means to live .	True ; except the means to live it .
By all the gods that Romans bow before , I here discard my sickness !	By all the gods that Romans bow before , I here discard my sickness .
An if he be not fought withal , my lord , Let us not live in France .	And if he advances unopposed , my lord , let us abandon France .
She creeps .	She creeps along .
But is there no sequel at the heels of this mother 's admiration ?	But isn ’ t there a sequel that follows this mother 's surprise ?
The fellow has good judgment .	This messenger is wise .
Let grief Convert to anger .	Transform your grief into anger .
What I can do I will , and more I will Than for myself I dare .	I ’ ll do what I can , more than I ’ d do for myself .
A very pleasing night to honest men .	It ’ s a very pleasing night to honest men .
For gazing on your beams , fair sun , being by .	That ’ s because you are near me , and you ’ re as dazzling as the sun .
You shall not go , my lord .	You shall not go , my lord .
I ’ ll write thee a challenge .	I ’ ll write a letter challenging him to a duel on your behalf .
They hold up Adam 's profession .	They hold up Adam 's profession .
So doth the woodbine the sweet honeysuckle Gently entwist ; the female ivy so Enrings the barky fingers of the elm .	I will put my arms around you just as the woodbine twists around the sweet honeysuckle , — like the female ivy Winds around the branches of the elm .
Ha , ha !	Ha , ha !
Show ’ s the way , sir .	Show us the way , sir .
It is now high sup- pertime , and the night grows to waste .	It is now high dinner time , and the night is being wasted .
You have seen cruel proof of this man ’ s strength .	You have seen the cruel proof of this man ’ s strength .
To see a reverend Syracusian merchant , Who put unluckily into this bay Against the laws and statutes of this town , Beheaded publicly for his offense .	To see an elderly , unlucky merchant from Syracuse publicly beheaded for breaking the law and coming here to Ephesus .
Sleep rock thy brain , And never come mischance between us twain !	Sleep rock your brain , And may misfortune never mischance between us two !
I would out-night you , did no body come ; But , hark , I hear the footing of a man .	I would out-night you , if no one was coming , But , listen , I hear the footsteps of a man .
Ay ; or else one must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern , and say he comes to disfigure , or to present , the person of moonshine .	Ay , or else someone must come in with a bush of thorns and a lantern , and say he comes to imitate or to present the person of moonshine .
I think we are too bold upon your rest .	I think we are too bold to interrupt your sleep .
Set it by a while .	Set it down awhile .
Ay , ay !	Yes , yes .
One sees more devils than vast hell can hold ; That is the madman .	One sees more devils than vast hell can hold ; That is the madman .
What worser place can I beg in your love , — And yet a place of high respect with me , — Than to be used as you use your dog ?	What worse place can I beg in your love , And still keep my self-respect — Than to be used as you would use your dog ?
Be ruled .	Calm down .
Come .	Let ’ s go .
I come not , friends , to steal away your hearts .	I didn ’ t come , friends , to steal away your hearts .
Shall I speak a word in your ear ?	Can I have a word with you privately ?
He shall taste of my bottle .	I ’ ll give him some liquor .
I wish mine eyes Would with themselves shut up my thoughts .	I wish I could sleep too — it would stop me from thinking .
The ways are dangerous .	It ’ s dangerous out there .
I prithee — and I ’ ll pay thee bounteously — Conceal me what I am , and be my aid For such disguise as haply shall become The form of my intent .	Please — and I ’ ll pay you plenty for this — help me conceal my identity , and find me the right disguise so I can look the way I want .
In Caesar ’ s fleet Are those that often have ’ gainst Pompey fought .	His ships are maneuverable .
To 't .	Do it .
Never to speak of this that you have seen .	You swear never to mention what you ’ ve seen .
I think he will stand very strong with us .	I think he ’ ll stand with us very strongly .
Most beautiful pagan , — most sweet Jew !	Most beautiful pagan , most sweet Jew !
Write from us to him , postposthaste dispatch .	Write to him from us ; send it very , very quickly .
Titinius ' face is upward .	Titinius ' face is upward .
Art thou a churchman ?	Oh , you ’ re a clergyman ?
His death ’ s upon him , but not dead .	He is close to death , but not dead yet .
And they are gone .	And now they ’ re both gone .
This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings , Which in a set hand fairly is engrossed , That it may be today read o 'er in Paul ’ s .	Here ’ s the indictment of the good Lord Hastings , which has been written out in a clear hand , like any legal document , so it can be read aloud in public outside St. Paul ’ s Cathedral .
Ha ?	What ?
Hell and night Must bring this monstrous birth to the world 's light .	Hell and night Must bring this monstrous birth to the world 's light .
Stand close and list him .	Stay hidden and listen .
You are not wood , you are not stones , but men .	You aren ’ t wood , you aren ’ t stones — you ’ re men .
O me !	Oh me !
No , my good lord .	No , my good lord .
Softly and swiftly , sir , for the priest is ready .	The priest is already there .
But indeed , if you find him not within this month , you shall nose him as you go up the stair , into the lobby .	But , indeed , if you don ’ t find him within this month , you will smell him as you go up the stairs into the lobby .
To him , Sir Topas .	Go to him , Sir Topas .
Let it go .	Let it fly out .
What is the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Do you hear , you minion ?	Listen up , you slave .
Yet Benedick was such another , and now is he become a man .	But Benedick was once an enemy of love as well , and now he ’ s become a real man .
A touch , a touch , I do confess ’ t .	You got me , I admit it .
It was my duty , sir .	I just did my duty , sir .
Gertrude , do not drink .	Gertrude , don ’ t drink .
Bettering thy loss makes the bad causer worse .	Making your loss greater makes the person who caused it worse .
Madam , good hope .	Madam , keep up hope .
I pray you , good Bassanio , let me know it .	Please let me know your plan , Bassanio .
I thank you for your pains .	Thanks for your trouble .
Oh , excellent !	That ’ s a good one .
Why , therefore fire , for I have caught extreme cold .	I think I ’ m getting delirious .
Dear lady — Give me leave , beseech you .	My dear lady — Please let me say something , I ’ m begging you .
You must sing This nothing ’ s more than matter .	I have a lot to tell you about them .
Swell , bosom , with thy fraught , For ’ tis of aspics ' tongues !	My heart feels like it ’ s full of poisonous snakes !
Ay , more .	Yes , and more .
This is Trebonius .	This is Trebonius .
So befall my soul As this is false he burdens me withal .	Damn my soul if these accusations are true !
Hid ’ st thou that forehead with a golden crown Where should be branded , if that right were right , The slaughter of the prince that owed that crown And the dire death of my poor sons and brothers ?	Are you hiding your forehead with a golden crown , when , if there was any justice in this world , it should be branded with the murders you committed — your slaughter of the prince who held that crown , and of my sons and my brothers ?
A most scurvy monster .	A rotten , foolish monster .
Macduff is missing , and your noble son .	Macduff is missing , and so is your noble son .
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
Then is the world one .	Then I guess the whole world is one .
His taints and honors Waged equal with him .	His faults were equally matched by his virtues .
Peace , Smulkin .	Calm down , Smulkin , you fiend !
Go to your rest .	Go relax now .
She false with Cassio !	You said she slept with Cassio .
What wouldst thou , fellow ?	What do you want , fellow ?
Mad call I it ; for , to define true madness , What is 't but to be nothing else but mad ?	Crazy ” I call it , because to define true craziness , What is it except to be nothing else but crazy ?
No more but so ?	Not a second more .
What should I say to you ?	What can I tell you ?
Or o ' mine either ?	And I too ?
Servant-monster ” ?	Servant monster ” ?
Why , so I do .	I ’ m doing so .
If either of you know any inward impediment why you should not be conjoined , charge you on your souls to utter it .	If either of you knows any secret reason why you two should not be joined in marriage , I order you on your souls to say so .
You have it full , Benedick .	Ah , he got you back , Benedick !
Farewell content !	Farewell happiness !
Methought their souls whose bodies Richard murdered Came to my tent and cried on victory .	I dreamed the souls of the people Richard murdered came to my tent and promised me victory .
Pray you , let ’ s sit together .	Let ’ s put our heads together .
Called you , my lord ?	Did you call me , my lord ?
Do you hear aught , sir , of a battle toward ?	Have you heard any news of impending battle ?
My excellent good friends !	My excellent good friends !
Two months since Here was a gentleman of Normandy — I have seen myself , and served against , the French , And they can well on horseback ; but this gallant Had witchcraft in 't .	Two months ago , There was a gentleman from Normandy here , I ’ ve seen myself , and served against the French , And they can do well on horseback , but this gallant Had witchcraft in it .
Ten masts at each make not the altitude Which thou hast perpendicularly fell .	You just fell the height of ten ship masts , straight down .
There is no terror , Cassius , in your threats , For I am armed so strong in honesty That they pass by me as the idle wind , Which I respect not .	Your threats don ’ t scare me , Cassius , because I ’ m so secure in my honesty and integrity that they pass me by like a weak breeze .
Then will two at once woo one .	Then the two of them will both pursue one girl .
Most reverend signior , do you know my voice ?	Do you recognize my voice , noble lord ?
It came even from the heart of — oh , she ’ s dead !	It was just removed from from the heart of — oh , she ’ s dead !
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
The mighty dukes , Gloucester and Buckingham .	The powerful dukes Gloucester and Buckingham .
Where dwell you , pretty youth ?	Where do you live , pretty young man ?
Ergo , Master Launcelot .	Oh , no .
O , come in , equivocator .	Come on in , con man .
I did .	I did .
Thou shalt not be the worse for me : there ’ s gold .	That ’ s a nice hand you dealt me .
We are bound to the like .	We will do the same .
Master , I am here entered in bond for you .	Master , I ’ m all tied up for you .
With all my heart , good youth .	Wholeheartedly , good young man .
tell not me of mercy ; — This is the fool that lent out money gratis ; — Gaoler , look to him .	Don ’ t tell me about mercy ; This is the fool that lent out money for free : Jailer , look to him .
Beat —	Beat —
Invest me in my motley .	Dress me up in motley .
Did you say with Cassio ?	Did you say Cassio ?
Fare you well .	Good luck .
O me , lieutenant !	O me , lieutenant !
You were best to tell Antonio what you hear — Yet do not suddenly , for it may grieve him .	You should tell Antonio what you hear — but don ’ t do it suddenly , because it might upset him .
Where yond pine does stand I shall discover all .	I ’ ll be able to see better from that pine tree over there .
Look , when I vow , I weep .	People don ’ t cry when they ’ re mocking someone .
Crack thy frail case ! — Apace , Eros , apace .	Faster , Eros , faster .
The drink , the drink !	The drink , the drink !
Well , thou dost best .	Well , do your best .
Hush !	Quiet !
Saw you my lord ?	Have you seen my lord ?
None in the world , nor do I know the man .	I don ’ t even know him .
She doth stray about By holy crosses , where she kneels and prays For happy wedlock hours .	She ’ s still at the monastery , kneeling and praying for a happy marriage .
I will be angry .	I will be angry .
Here let them lie Till famine and the ague eat them up .	Here let them lie Until famine and the plague eat them up .
How does my royal lord ?	How are you , my royal lord ?
Most noble Empress , you have heard of me ?	Have you heard of me , most noble Empress ?
Could I repair what she will wear in me As I can change these poor accoutrements , ' Twere well for Kate and better for myself .	Though I expect she ’ ll wear me out more quickly than I ’ ll wear out what I ’ m wearing — which will be good for her and even better for me !
More villain thou . — Well , push him out of doors And let my officers of such a nature Make an extent upon his house and lands .	That makes you an even bigger villain . — Well , throw him out , and have my officers seize his house and lands .
Come , go with me ; Under our tents I ’ ll play the eavesdropper To see if any mean to shrink from me .	Come with me ; I ’ ll spy under the tents to see if any of my own people plan to desert me .
But let me hear the letter of your friend .	But let me hear the letter from your friend .
Pray thee , take pain To allay with some cold drops of modesty Thy skipping spirit , lest through thy wild behavior I be misconst ’ red in the place I go to , And lose my hopes .	Please , try to act a little more serious , or the people in Belmont will get the wrong impression about me , and your wildness will make me blow my chance with Portia .
Wherefore , bold peasant , Darest thou support a published traitor ?	Whoa , man , you dare to support someone who ’ s been proclaimed a traitor ?
Ho , Guildenstern !	Ho , Guildenstern !
I see , sir , you have found the goldsmith now .	I see you ’ ve met with the jeweler .
What say you , Hermia ?	What do you say , Hermia ?
Not I.	Not I.
Ay .	Yes .
Half a share .	Half a share .
Let ’ s stay and hear the will .	Let ’ s stay and hear the will !
I swear I ’ ll cuff you if you strike again .	I swear I ’ ll smack you if you hit me again .
I do now let loose my opinion , hold it no longer : this is no fish , but an islander that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt .	I guess this is not a fish , but a native who got struck by lightning just now .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
To have a foolish wife .	To have a foolish wife .
But ’ tis not so above .	But not in heaven .
The Prince ’ s fool !	The Prince ’ s fool ” !
Pray heaven I be deceived in you .	I hope to God I ’ m wrong about your chances .
Give me my principal , and let me go .	Give me my money and let me go .
Wrong I mine enemies ?	Do I mistreat even my enemies ?
Yea , my lord , but I can cross it .	Yes , my lord , but I can spoil it .
Give me my robe , for I will go .	Give me my robe , because I ’ ll go .
Briefly , I dwell by the Capitol .	Briefly , I live by the Capitol .
No more of that .	No more of that .
Alack , alack !	Terrible .
Therefore Make space enough between you .	That ’ s why there must be space between you .
Thy grace shall have it .	You can have it then , your highness .
I dare not drink yet , madam .	I ’ d better not drink now .
Yes faith , my lord .	Yes , in faith , my lord .
And do you now put on your best attire ?	And do you now put on your best attire ?
Away !	Go away !
All the better .	Well that ’ s good .
And I trow this is his house .	And I think this is his house .
Well , while I live , I 'll fear no other thing So sore , as keeping safe Nerissa 's ring .	Well , while I live , I 'll fear no other thing So much as keeping Nerissa 's ring safe .
One minded like the weather , most unquietly .	Someone whose mood is as foul as the weather , very troubled .
Then crush this herb into Lysander 's eye ; Whose liquor hath this virtuous property , To take from thence all error with his might And make his eyeballs roll with wonted sight .	Then crush this herb into Lysander 's eye ; Its juice has the virtuous property Of removing all error from his eyes And will make his eyeballs roll with correct sight .
O , let me make the period to my curse !	Let me finish my curse .
Bid Gloucester think of this , and he will weep .	Remind Richard of this , and he will weep .
We do not know .	We don ’ t know .
And I for Rosalind .	And like I am for Rosalind .
Where 's Peaseblossom ?	Where 's Peasblossom ?
There lock yourself and send him word you are dead .	Lock yourself in and send him word that you ’ re dead .
How is ’ t , brother !	How are you doing , brother ?
My master , and my lord !	My master and my lord !
Alas , poor country , Almost afraid to know itself !	Alas , poor country , Almost afraid to know itself !
My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester , Follow Fluellen closely at the heels .	My Lord of Warwick and my brother Gloucester , follow Fluellen at a close distance .
Indeed !	Indeed !
Yes , you are .	Yes , They are .
Gramercy !	Thank you .
All that I have to say is to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon ; I , the man i ' the moon ; this thorn-bush , my thorn-bush ; and this dog , my dog .	All that I have to say , is to tell you that the lantern is the moon ; I , the man in the moon ; this thorn-bush , my thorn-bush ; and this dog , my dog .
I am not sorry neither .	I ’ m not sorry , either .
Her father is Baptista Minola , An affable and courteous gentleman .	Her father is Baptista Minola , a pleasant and courteous gentleman .
Let him not come near me .	Keep him away from me !
A worthy fool !	A worthy fool !
O Hamlet , thou hast cleft my heart in twain .	O Hamlet , you cut my heart in two .
If we know him to be a thief , shall we not lay hands on him ?	So if we know that a man is a thief , should we try to arrest him ?
My master is grown quarrelsome .	My master is being difficult .
Last thing he did , dear Queen , He kissed — the last of many doubled kisses — This orient pearl .	The last thing he did before sending me off , dear Queen , was to kiss — the last of many such kisses — this Indian pearl for you .
I , thus neglecting worldly ends , all dedicated To closeness and the bettering of my mind With that which , but by being so retired , O 'erprized all popular rate , in my false brother Awaked an evil nature .	As I neglected practical matters , being totally dedicated to solitude and to improving my mind with subjects more valuable than most people imagine , I was so shut away from the world that I unwittingly stirred up evil wishes in my disloyal brother .
When think you that the sword goes up again ?	Come , come , let ’ s remember why we ’ re here .
Sweet , say on .	Sweetheart , go on .
Make thy two eyes , like stars , start from their spheres , Thy knotted and combinèd locks to part And each particular hair to stand on end , Like quills upon the fearful porpentine .	make your eyes jump out of their sockets , and your hair stand on end like porcupine quills .
O day and night , but this is wondrous strange !	O day and night , but this is wondrous strange !
Your wives , your daughters , Your matrons , and your maids could not fill up The cistern of my lust , and my desire All continent impediments would o 'erbear That did oppose my will .	Your wives , your daughters , your old women , and your young maids together could not satisfy my lust .
I humbly take my leave .	I humbly say goodbye .
Then meet me forthwith at the notary ’ s .	Then meet me right away at the notary ’ s .
So delicate with her needle , an admirable musician .	She ’ s so good at sewing , and a wonderful musician .
Why , the end is he hath lost a ship .	Well , the point is , he ’ s lost a ship .
Go , bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns .	Go , bid the huntsmen wake them up by blowing the horns .
We ’ ll see ' em starve first .	We ’ ll watch them starve to death first .
O true , good Catesby .	Oh , right , good Catesby .
See better , Lear , and let me still remain The true blank of thine eye .	Learn to see better , Lear , and let me stay here where you can look to me for good advice .
Away with us to Athens .	Come with us to Athens .
O conspiracy , Shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night When evils are most free ?	Oh , conspiracy , are you ashamed to show your face even at night , when evil things are most free ?
I am for the air .	I ’ m about to fly away .
Are not you he ?	That ’ s you , right ?
Bring it to that , The gold I give thee will I melt and pour Down thy ill-uttering throat .	If that ’ s what you mean , I ’ ll melt this gold and pour it down your throat that speaks these hateful words .
Zounds , who is there ?	Damn it , who ’ s there ?
What traitor hears me and says not “ Amen ? ” England hath long been mad and scarred herself .	What traitor hears me and doesn ’ t say amen ?
Certainly , sir , I can .	Certainly , sir , I can .
What is his strength by land ?	Near How large is his land army ?
If it were done when ’ tis done , then ’ twere well It were done quickly .	If this business would really be finished when I did the deed , then it would be best to get it over with quickly .
For your sake , jewel , I am glad at soul I have no other child ; For thy escape would teach me tyranny , To hang clogs on them .	For your sake , jewel , I am glad at soul I have no other child , Because your escape would teach me tyranny , To hang logs on them .
In each thing give him way .	Always give him his way .
Sir , pardon me in what I have to say .	Sir , pardon me for what I am about to say .
Where is the horse that doth untread again , His tedious measures with the unbated fire , That he did pace them first ?	Where is the horse that retraces his boring steps again With the same fire That he walked them in the first place ?
Why , he that cuts off twenty years of life Cuts off so many years of fearing death .	Why , the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty years of worrying about death .
Therefore , Go , clear thy crystals . — Yoke-fellows in arms , Let us to France , like horse-leeches , my boys , To suck , to suck , the very blood to suck .	My lord , this bill that ’ s being proposed is the same one that was proposed in the eleventh year of old King Henry ’ s reign .
The people knows it , and have now received His accusations .	The people have heard it already , and they ’ ve been told of his accusations .
Here is a letter Found in the pocket of the slain Roderigo , And here another .	Here is a letter Found in the pocket of the murdered Roderigo , And here another .
What woman ’ s man ?	What woman ’ s servant ?
I had thought t ’ have held it poor ; but since my lord Is Antony again , I will be Cleopatra .	I had planned to celebrate it quietly , but since my lord is once more himself , I will be Cleopatra again .
Here , sir ! ” You loggerheaded and unpolished grooms !	Here , sir ! ” You stupid , unpolished dolts !
Know we this face or no ?	Do you recognize this face ?
Who ’ s within ?	Who ’ s in there ?
Sit down and rest .	Sit down and rest .
You will have Gremio to keep you fair .	You ’ ll live in luxury with Gremio .
E 'en that .	Just that one .
He hath honored me of late , and I have bought Golden opinions from all sorts of people , Which would be worn now in their newest gloss , Not cast aside so soon .	The king has just honored me , and I have earned the good opinion of all sorts of people .
Shall I descend ?	Shall I come down ?
On the instant they got clear of our ship ; so I alone became their prisoner .	Just then , they sailed away from our ship , so only I became their prisoner .
Why , no .	No .
Who hath relieved you ?	Who ’ s taken over the watch for you ?
Why are you virtuous ?	Why are you so strong and good ?
His name 's Gonzago .	His name 's Gonzago .
an upright judge , a learned judge !	an upright judge , a learned judge !
O Cassio , whence came this ?	Oh , Cassio , where did you get this ?
My excellent good friends !	Ah , my good old friends !
Silence !	silence !
I would have thought her spirit had been invincible against all assaults of affection .	I would have thought she was invincible against any assault of love .
Mark it .	You say right , sir .
I long with all my heart to see the prince .	I ’ m dying to see the prince .
Is not that strange ?	Isn ’ t that strange ?
Would you praise Caesar , say “ Caesar . ” Go no further .	Oh , you If you want to praise Caesar , just say his name — that ’ s all the praise that ’ s necessary .
What is the matter there ?	What ’ s the matter ?
This is Illyria , lady .	This is Illyria , lady .
By Janus , I think no .	I don ’ t think so .
I say it is the moon .	I say it ’ s the moon .
Marry , I ’ ll teach you .	Then I ’ ll tell you .
Thy substance , valued at the highest rate , Cannot amount unto a hundred marks ; Therefore by law thou art condemned to die .	Therefore , by law , you are condemned to die .
Well , my good lady .	Well , my good lady .
There is means , madam .	There is a way , ma 'am .
I will prophesy he comes to tell me of the players .	I predict he comes to tell me of the players , listen .
You sulfurous and thought-executing fires , Vaunt-couriers of oak-cleaving thunderbolts , Singe my white head !	Let quick sulfurous lightning , strong enough to split enormous trees , singe the white hair on my head .
Or like a whale .	Or like a whale .
Wipe thine eyes .	Wipe your eyes .
Long live the king !	No , who are Long live the king !
He is well paid that is well satisfied : And I , delivering you , am satisfied , And therein do account myself well paid ; My mind was never yet more mercenary .	He is well paid that is well satisfied ; And I am satisfied in delivering you , And therefore , I consider myself well paid : My mind never wanted anything else in payment .
Well , Shylock , shall we be beholden to you ?	Well , Shylock , shall we be indebted to you ?
And , good lieutenant , I think you think I love you .	Lieutenant , I think you know I ’ m your friend .
I have ’ t in my nose too .	I like it too .
Well , come , my Kate .	Ah well , my Kate .
tis strange .	It is strange .
What call you the carriages ?	What do you mean by “ carriages ” ?
If he do fear God , he must necessarily keep peace .	If he fears God , he must necessarily keep the peace .
What name , fair lady ?	What name , beautiful lady ?
Swoons rather , for so bad a prayer as his Was never yet for sleep .	No one ever gave a prayer like that before going to sleep .
I pray you , sir , go forth , And give us truth who ' tis that is arrived .	I beg you , sir , go outside , And give us truth about who it is that has arrived .
Down with the topmast !	Down with the top mast !
Give me the letter , sir .	Give me that letter , sir .
And in the morn and liquid dew of youth , Contagious blastments are most imminent .	Baby blooms are most susceptible to disease .
I pray you , uncle , give me this dagger .	Uncle , please give me your dagger .
Farewell , fair cruelty .	Goodbye , you beautiful , cruel woman .
Give me the cups .	Give me the goblets .
Let us rather Hold fast the mortal sword , and like good men Bestride our downfall 'n birthdom .	Let us rather Stop the mortal sword quickly , and , like good men , Climb over our down-fallen country .
A plague upon the tyrant that I serve !	The tyrant I ’ m serving now can go to hell !
My little spirit , see , Sits in a foggy cloud and stays for me .	Look , my little spirit is sitting in a foggy cloud waiting for me .
Be it so .	So be it .
What are these faces ?	Who are these men ?
For with throwing thus my head , Dogs leap the hatch , and all are fled .	With one little toss of his head , He can scare you off for good .
Harp not on that string , madam ; that is past .	Don ’ t harp on that point , madam — it ’ s past .
Ere I ope his letter , I pray you tell me how my good friend doth .	Before I open his letter , Please tell me how my good friend is doing .
For Lord Hamlet , Believe so much in him , that he is young , And with a larger tether may he walk Than may be given you .	As for Lord Hamlet , Only believe so much about him , that he is young , And he may walk on a higher mountain Than may be given you .
Why , that ’ s all one .	Well , that ’ s the same thing .
The plainsong ” is most just , for humors do abound .	You can see how it is all around .
I hope he is , but yet let mothers doubt .	I hope he is , but mothers get to have their doubts .
They say there 's but five upon this isle : we are three of them ; if th 'other two be brained like us , the state totters .	They say there 's only five on this island ; we ’ re three of them ; if the other two are brained like us , the state shakes .
Let us our lives , our souls , our debts , our careful wives , our children , and our sins lay on the king !	Let ’ s lay everything upon the king : our lives , our souls , our debts , our anxious wives , our children , and our sins . ” I must bear responsibility for all of it .
What , is Brutus sick , And will he steal out of his wholesome bed , To dare the vile contagion of the night And tempt the rheumy and unpurgèd air To add unto his sickness ?	You ’ re sick , yet you sneak out of your warm bed and let the humid and disease-infested air make you sicker ?
Help to bear this away where my hogshead of wine is , or I ’ ll turn you out of my kingdom .	Help us carry these clothes to where my barrel of wine is hidden , or I ’ ll kick you out of my kingdom .
An the duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing Pyramus , I ’ ll be hanged .	I ’ ll be damned if the duke wouldn ’ t have given him six pence a day for playing Pyramus .
We are resolved , my lord .	We ’ re in .
My matter hath no voice , lady , but to your own most pregnant and vouchsafed ear .	My message is not for anyone else to hear , my lady .
How came he mad ?	How did he become crazy ?
So I did , Fearing to strengthen that impatience Which seem 'd too much enkindled , and withal Hoping it was but an effect of humor , Which sometime hath his hour with every man .	So I did , Fearing that I might make you more impatient When you seemed already fired up , and besides , I was hoping it was just a bad mood , Which sometimes hits every man .
We are their parents and original .	We are responsible for this .
Alas , poor rogue , I think indeed she loves me .	The poor thing , I really think she loves me .
Killing swine .	Killing pigs .
Well met here .	It ’ s good we had this meeting .
Will you let it fall ?	Take it easy !
To be honest , as this world goes , is to be one man picked out of ten thousand .	Only one man in ten thousand is good in this world .
Let me love him for that , and do you love him because I do .	Let me love him because he deserves it , and you can love him because I do .
No , believe me , ' tis very cold ; the wind is northerly .	No , believe me , it is very cold , the wind is northerly .
Would all were well — but that will never be .	I wish I could believe you that all was well !
Nay , faith , let me not play a woman .	No , come on , don ’ t make me play a woman .
As I descended ?	As I came down ?
He named Sebastian .	He called me Sebastian .
He is a god and knows What is most right .	He is like a god and knows the truth .
Oh , ho !	Oh ho !
Oh , villainous !	Oh , how stupid !
I see thee still , And on thy blade and dudgeon gouts of blood , Which was not so before .	I still see you , And I see great , large clots of blood on your blade , Which were not there before .
I oft delivered from his forfeitures Many that have at times made moan to me .	I ’ ve often given money to people who were unable to pay back their loans to him .
Where shall we meet i ' the morning ?	Where shall we meet in the morning ?
I 'll put another question to thee .	I ’ ll put another question to you .
I might do ’ t as well i ' th ' dark .	It would be easier to do it in the dark .
And yet it is not : it is but so-so .	And then again , it ’ s not so good , but only so-so .
Ah , ha !	Ah , ha !
Hath an argosy cast away , coming from Tripolis .	has his largest ship lost , coming from Tripolis .
thieves !	Thieves !
Letters , my lord , from Hamlet .	Letters , my lord , from Hamlet .
That monster , custom , who all sense doth eat Of habits evil , is angel yet in this , That to the use of actions fair and good He likewise gives a frock or livery , That aptly is put on .	That monster habit , who eats all sense , Of all evil habits is an angel in this , That in order to use fair and good actions , He likewise gives a dress or uniform That is ready to wear .
Hoo !	Oh !
We ’ ll so begin these rites As we do trust they ’ ll end , in true delights .	We ’ ll begin the ceremony the way we hope it will end — with delight .
Tis death to me to be at enmity ; I hate it , and desire all good men ’ s love .	I hate it and want all good men ’ s love .
No , by the rood , not so !	No , by the church , I haven ’ t .
Press near and second him .	Go up there and second his petition .
This quarry cries on havoc .	This scene is chaotic .
Ay , if Messala will prefer me to you .	Yes , if Messala recommends me to you .
And the hour , I think , is come To give him hearing .	And , in fact , I think they ’ re meeting together right now .
Up to the breach , you dogs !	Up to the breach , you dogs !
Away !	Damn it !
Hath your grace ne 'er a brother like you ?	Don ’ t you have any brothers like you ?
Where is the gold I gave in charge to thee ?	Where ’ s the gold I gave you ?
But shall ’ t be shortly ?	But will it be soon ?
Soft , no haste .	Wait , don ’ t rush !
Who ever knew the heavens menace so ?	Who ever knew the heavens could be so threatening ?
Was it not yesterday we spoke together ?	Wasn ’ t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other ?
For Pyramus is a sweet-faced man , a proper man as one shall see in a summer ’ s day , a most lovely , gentlemanlike man .	Because Pyramus is a good-looking man , the most handsome man that you could find on a summer ’ s day , a lovely gentlemanly man .
Attend the lords of France and Burgundy , Gloucester .	Go escort the lords of France and Burgundy , Gloucester .
And when the mind is quickened , out of doubt , The organs , though defunct and dead before , Break up their drowsy grave and newly move , With casted slough and fresh legerity .	And when the mind is engaged , the rest of the body , dead and dull before , wakes up and comes to life with a new nimbleness and sensitivity , like a snake shedding its dead skin .
O Harry ’ s wife , triumph not in my woes !	O Harry ’ s wife , do not triumph in my sorrow !
If you will patiently dance in our round , And see our moonlight revels , go with us ; If not , shun me , and I will spare your haunts .	If you will patiently join our dances , And see our moonlight parties , go with us ; If not , leave me alone , and I won ’ t comment on where you ’ re going .
All 's well .	All 's well .
Gave it a judge ’ s clerk !	And now you claim you gave it to a judge ’ s clerk !
From this moment The very firstlings of my heart shall be The firstlings of my hand .	From this moment The very first wishes of my heart shall be The firs actions of my hand .
Prithee , peace .	Please , peace .
Let him look to his bond .	Let him think about his own debt .
I do believe that these applauses are For some new honors that are heap 'd on Caesar .	I believe that this applause is For some new honors that are to be heaped on Caesar .
The galleys Have sent a dozen sequent messengers This very night at one another 's heels ; And many of the consuls , raised and met , Are at the Duke 's already .	The galleys Have sent a dozen sequential messengers This very night at one another 's heels ; And many of the consuls , awakened and meeting , Are at the duke 's already .
Then the whining schoolboy with his satchel And shining morning face , creeping like snail Unwillingly to school .	Then he ’ s the whining schoolboy , with a book bag and a bright , young face , creeping like a snail unwillingly to school .
Sailors , my lord , they say ; I saw them not .	Sailors , my lord , they say , I didn ’ t see them .
I do fear , the people Choose Caesar for their king .	I ’ m afraid the people have made Caesar their king .
You may as well go about to turn the sun to ice with fanning in his face with a peacock ’ s feather .	You may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning its face with a peacock feather .
I confess it is my shame to be so fond , but it is not in my virtue to amend it .	I know it ’ s foolish to be so much in love , but I can ’ t help it .
Even a toy in hand here , sir .	This is just a trifling matter here , sir .
Not i ' th ' stocks , fool .	Not in the stocks , fool .
In the meantime , Let me be thought too busy in my fears — As worthy cause I have to fear I am — And hold her free , I do beseech your honor .	In the meantime , Please think I am too occupied with my fears , As there are strong reasons to fear I am , And consider her innocent , I beg your honor .
Oh , that a lady of one man refused Should of another therefore be abused !	Oh , how awful that a lady who ’ s been rejected by one man should therefore be treated horribly by another one !
So you must take your husbands .	And that ’ s how you must take your husbands .
Madam , I wish it may .	I hope so too , Madam .
No , his mouth is stopp 'd ; Honest Iago hath ta 'en order for 't .	No , his mouth is stopped ; Honest Iago has taken orders for it .
Twere good you let him know , For who that ’ s but a queen , fair , sober , wise , Would from a paddock , from a bat , a gib , Such dear concernings hide ?	His wildness is a threat to all of us — to you , to me , to everyone .
No , my good lord .	No , my good lord .
Who offered him the crown ?	Who offered him the crown ?
They swore that you were well-nigh dead for me .	They swore that you were nearly dead with love for me .
My lord , he is but even now gone hence .	My lord , he just left here .
Sovereign of Egypt , hail !	Queen of Egypt , greetings !
Heaven knows what she has known .	Heaven knows what secrets she ’ s keeping .
Out of my sight !	Get out of my sight !
Give me your arm .	Give me your arm .
God ' ild you for your last company .	God bless you for being here .
Sirrah , your father ’ s dead .	Young man , your father ’ s dead .
Gentle madam , no .	No , gentle madam .
I am his brother , and I love him well .	I am his brother , and I love him very much .
Anything that ’ s mended is but patched .	Anything that ’ s mended is only patched up .
If that this simple syllogism will serve , so .	If this logic works , that ’ s great .
have you eyes ?	have you got Eyes ?
I must embrace thee .	Let me embrace you .
You cannot better be employed , Bassanio , Than to live still and write mine epitaph .	Bassanio , the best thing you can do is to keep living and write an epitaph for my gravestone .
I am not in the giving vein today .	I am not in the giving mood today .
What effects , my lord ?	What symptoms , my lord ?
Thou must know , ’ Tis not my profit that does lead mine honor ; Mine honor , it .	You should know that to me , profit isn ’ t more important than honor , but the other way around .
No .	No .
It were a tedious difficulty , I think , To bring them to that prospect .	I think it would be very hard to arrange for them to have sex while you watched .
Prithee , away .	Please , go away .
He will , an if he live to be a man .	He will , if he lives to be a man .
Where ’ s Peaseblossom ?	Where ’ s Peaseblossom ?
He followed you .	He followed you .
Sweet lord , if your lordship were at leisure , I should impart a thing to you from His Majesty .	My lord , if you have a free moment , I have a message from His Majesty .
Old I do wax , and from my weary limbs Honor is cudgeled .	I grow old , and all dignity has been thrashed out of me .
This is some monster of the isle with four legs who hath got , as I take it , an ague .	This is some monster of the island , with four legs , who seems to me to have some kind of ache .
If you have poison for me , I will drink it .	If you have poison for me , I ’ ll drink it .
I am sure you know him well enough .	I ’ m sure you know him .
Canst thou remember A time before we came unto this cell ?	Can you remember the time before you came to live in this shack ?
Give him this money and these notes , Reynaldo .	Give him this money and these notes , Reynaldo .
The funeral baked meats Did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables .	The meats baked for the funeral Were also put on the marriage tables .
Statilius showed the torchlight but , my lord , He came not back .	Statilius waved the torchlight at us , but he hasn ’ t come back .
Here is more of us !	Here are more of us .
My lord , you play 'd once i ' th ' university , you say ?	My lord , you acted once when you were in the university , you say ?
If that her breath will mist or stain the stone , Why then , she lives .	If her breath steams up the glass , then she ’ s alive .
What think you of the Scottish lord , his neighbour ?	What do you think about the Scottish lord , his neighbor ?
If I should be ?	If I were king ?
I will live in thy heart , die in thy lap , and be buried in thy eyes — and moreover , I will go with thee to thy uncle ’ s .	I will live in your heart , die in your lap , and be buried in your eyes — and , what ’ s more , I will go with you to your uncle ’ s .
Let housewifery appear .	Be thrifty .
But do not so .	But don ’ t do that .
Sit you too .	Let ’ s have the evidence .
I will be with thee straight .	I ’ ll be right with you .
Come , come , you froward and unable worms !	Come , come , you weak , ungovernable worms !
I am a spirit of no common rate .	I ’ m no ordinary fairy .
The law hath yet another hold on you .	The law has another hold on you .
You have broken The article of your oath , which you shall never Have tongue to charge me with .	You will never be able to say the same about me .
Indeed she ’ s a most fresh and delicate creature .	Yes , she ’ s young and tender .
This is too long .	This speech is going on too long .
It sounds no more , and sure , it waits upon Some god o ' th ' island .	It ’ s stopped now — it must be played for some local god of the island .
Can he be angry ?	Can he be angry ?
Then you must say “ I take thee , Rosalind , for wife . ” I take thee , Rosalind , for wife .	Then you have to say , “ I take you , Rosalind , to be my lawfully wedded wife . ” I take you , Rosalind , to be my lawfully wedded wife .
In heaven .	In heaven .
Carthage ?	Carthage ?
Unkindness may do much , And his unkindness may defeat my life , But never taint my love .	Unkindness is powerful , and his unkindness may kill me , but it ’ ll never destroy my love .
Mean you his majesty ?	Do you mean the king ?
Tomorrow dinner then ?	Tomorrow night at dinner then ?
My lord , he hath importuned me with love In honourable fashion .	My lord , he has courted me with love In honorable fashion .
Beshrew me , if I would do such a wrong For the whole world .	Curse me , if I would do such a wrong thing for the whole world .
Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury ?	Where is my gracious lord of Canterbury ?
I do remember in this shepherd boy Some lively touches of my daughter ’ s favor .	This shepherd boy reminds me quite vividly of my daughter .
Come on .	Come on .
Thy reason , man ?	Why do you say that ?
He brings me liberty .	He brings me freedom .
I was with Hercules and Cadmus once , When in a wood of Crete they bayed the bear With hounds of Sparta .	I was with the heroes Hercules and Cadmus once , when their Spartan hunting dogs cornered a bear .
One thing more rests , that thyself execute , to make one among these wooers .	One last thing , and this is up to you .
No , Caesar shall not .	So , I won ’ t .
They will steal anything and call it purchase .	They will steal anything and call it spoils .
I am the king himself .	I ’ m the king himself .
List , list , O , list !	Listen , listen !
Watch you tonight for the command , I ’ ll lay ’ t upon you .	Be on guard duty tonight .
What , is he dead ?	What , is he dead ?
Therefore speak no more .	Don ’ t speak any further .
Go with me .	Come with me .
My lord , he 's going to his mother 's closet .	My lord , he 's going to his mother 's bedroom .
And art thou living , Stephano ?	And are you living , Stephano ?
The noble duke my master , My worthy arch and patron , comes tonight .	The Duke of Cornwall , my master and patron , is arriving tonight .
Doth not Brutus bootless kneel ?	Haven ’ t I resisted even Brutus , begging from his knees ?
Come hither , gentlemen , And lay your hands again upon my sword .	Come over here , gentlemen , And lay your hands again on my sword .
Bid them move away .	Order them to move back .
World , world , O world !	Oh , life is full of surprises !
Fare you well .	There you go .
Thou liest .	You lie .
I am fire and air , my other elements I give to baser life . — So , have you done ?	So , are you done ?
Madam , madam — Antonio ’ s dead !	Madam , madam — Antony ’ s dead !
Mine would , sir , were I human .	I ’ d feel sorry for them , if I were human .
Where do you dwell ?	Where do you live ?
Most veritable ; therefore look to 't well .	Very true ; therefore look well for it .
What ’ s his offense ?	What did he do to you ?
Now all labor Mars what it does .	Now any effort ruins what it attempts .
It will be rain tonight .	It will rain tonight .
What committed ?	What have you done ?
Most heartily I do beseech the court To give the judgment .	Most heartily I beg the court To give the judgment .
I am scarce in breath , my lord .	I ’ m out of breath , sir .
The king , sir , hath laid that in a dozen passes between yourself and him , he shall not exceed you three hits .	The king , sir , has bet that in a dozen rounds between you and Laertes , he won ’ t beat you by more than three hits .
Tell the clock there .	Read the time there .
Take thee that too .	Take this , too .
Your daughter spent in Genoa , as I heard , in one night fourscore ducats .	I also heard that your daughter spent eighty ducats in Genoa one night .
It was not brought me , my lord .	Nobody delivered it , my lord .
Pray you now , Nay , do so , for indeed I have lost command .	I ’ ve relinquished my authority , so please — I ’ ll see you all before long .
I did love you once .	I used to love you .
Do not believe it .	Don ’ t believe it .
So may the outward shows be least themselves ; The world is still deceiv 'd with ornament .	These chests may not be what they seem outside : The world is still tricked by ornament .
Good Master Mustardseed , I know your patience well .	Good Master Mustardseed , I know you well .
I may not breathe my censure What he might be .	I won ’ t say anything negative about what he might be .
There thou speak ’ st reason .	Now you ’ re talking .
False-boding woman , end thy frantic curse , Lest to thy harm thou move our patience .	Woman , stop your frantic curses and false prophesies before we run out of patience and do something bad to you .
Nay , let me praise you while I have a stomach .	No , let me say some good things about you while I ’ m in the mood .
Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire burn and cauldron bubble .	Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire , burn ; and caldron , bubble .
But who comes here ?	But who ’ s coming here ?
Fear it , my dear sister , And keep you in the rear of your affection , Out of the shot and danger of desire .	Just keep your love under control , and don ’ t let yourself become a target of his lust .
Still through the hawthorn blows the cold wind , says , “ Suum , mun , nonny . ” Dauphin my boy , my boy , cessez .	The cold wind ’ s still blowing through the hawthorn tree .
He knows not yet of his honorable fortune .	He doesn ’ t know yet about his honorable fortune .
Oh , heaven have mercy on me !	Then heaven have mercy on me !
Hark thee , Dardanius .	Listen , Dardanius .
Then ’ tis he : the rest That are within the note of expectation Already are i ' th ' court .	The rest of the king ’ s guests are already inside .
Why appear you with this ridiculous boldness before my lady ?	Why are you acting so brazen toward my lady ?
What is decreed must be , and be this so .	What is fated to happen must happen .
Very like ; one of them Is a plain fish , and no doubt marketable .	Very likely ; one of them Is a plain fish , and , no doubt , marketable .
By my troth , niece , thou wilt never get thee a husband if thou be so shrewd of thy tongue .	Really , niece , you ’ ll never get a husband if you keep saying such harsh things about people .
But let that go .	But that ’ s another story .
Come , there is sauce for it .	Come , here ’ s some sauce to go with it .
Ay , sir , for three months .	Yes , sir , for three months .
Therefore prepare you .	So get prepared .
First let me talk with this philosopher . —	First let me talk with this philosopher here . —
It may be worth thy pains , for I can sing And speak to him in many sorts of music That will allow me very worth his service .	You won ’ t be wasting your time , because I really can sing and talk to him about many different kinds of music , so he ’ ll be happy to have me in his service .
Go with me , And in the breath of bitter words let ’ s smother My damnèd son that thy two sweet sons smothered .	Come with me , and let ’ s smother my fiendish son — who smothered your two sweet sons — in bitter words .
I mean , my head upon your lap ?	I mean , lay my head on your lap ?
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
O , my lord , if my duty be too bold , my love is too unmannerly .	O my lord , if my duty is too bold , it ’ s because my love has no manners .
You .	You .
Had you not been their father , these white flakes Did challenge pity of them .	If you hadn ’ t been their father , your white hair would have inspired in them only compassion .
Whither ?	Where ?
Before me , she ’ s a good wench .	She ’ s a fine woman , all right .
No , no , he ’ s gone .	No , no , he ’ s dead .
Ariel , thy charge Exactly is performed .	Ariel , you ’ ve done your work exactly as I ordered .
Some such squire he was That turned your wit the seamy side without And made you to suspect me with the Moor .	It ’ s the same kind of guy who got you upset and made you suspect I ’ d cheated on you with the Moor .
A noise of thunder heard &ket; &bra; A noise of thunder heard &ket; His spirits hear me , And yet I needs must curse .	His spirits listen to me , And yet I have to curse .
Is not tomorrow , boy , the ides of March ?	Is tomorrow the 15th of March , boy ?
Alas the heavy day !	Alas the heavy day !
Ay , and to wage this battle at Pharsalia , Where Caesar fought with Pompey .	Yes , and you dared Caesar to fight the battle at Pharsalia , where he fought against Pompey .
Thou shalt hold the opinion of Pythagoras ere I will allow of thy wits , and fear to kill a woodcock lest thou dispossess the soul of thy grandam .	I ’ ll only admit that you ’ re sane when you agree with Pythagoras and hesitate to kill a bird because it might contain your grandmother ’ s soul .
How shall we find the concord of this discord ?	How shall we find the concord of this discord ?
I will not give my part of this sport for a pension of thousands to be paid from the Sophy .	I wouldn ’ t have missed this even for a pension of thousands of pounds , to be paid by the shah of Persia .
Do thou for him stand .	You can stand in his place .
I should have chid you for not bringing it , But , like a shrew , you first begin to brawl .	I should have reprimanded you then for not bringing it , but you started fighting with me first .
Fair Leda ’ s daughter had a thousand wooers ; Then well one more may fair Bianca have .	The beautiful Helen of Troy had a thousand suitors .
O Banquo , Banquo , Our royal master ’ s murdered !	Oh Banquo , Banquo , the king has been murdered !
At first the infant , Mewling and puking in the nurse ’ s arms .	In the first act he is an infant , whimpering and puking in his nurse ’ s arms .
It ’ s nine o 'clock .	It ’ s nine o 'clock .
Take note , take note , O world , To be direct and honest is not safe .	Take note , take note , O world , To be direct and honest is not safe .
O God !	Oh God !
Dispatch . — O love , That thou couldst see my wars today , and knew ’ st The royal occupation !	Hurry . — Oh , love , if you could only watch the battle today and see how expert I am at my craft .
O , falsely , falsely murdered !	O , falsely , falsely murdered !
What a blunt fellow is this grown to be !	What a blunt fellow he ’ s turned out to be !
Oh , that you bore The mind that I do , what a sleep were this For your advancement !	Do you even get what I ’ m saying ?
Fled to England ?	Fled to England !
Now let ’ s have a catch .	Sing us a song .
Who is 't that cried !	Who is it that cried !
Brief let me be .	So let me be brief here .
I hope he be in love .	I hope he ’ s in love .
I have done the deed .	I have done the deed .
I am not Cinna the conspirator .	I ’ m not Cinna the conspirator .
What then ?	And then ?
Why should I play the Roman fool and die On mine own sword ?	Why should I play the Roman fool and die On my own sword ?
Let us sit and mock the good housewife Fortune from her wheel , that her gifts may henceforth be bestowed equally .	Let ’ s go find that hussy , Fortune , and and mock her till she starts distributing her gifts more equally .
What beard were I best to play it in ?	What beard would be best to play it in ?
Good madam , do .	Please do , madam .
Thus doth he force the swords of wicked men To turn their own points in their masters ' bosoms .	This is how God forces wicked men to turn their swords against themselves .
The play 's the thing Wherein I 'll catch the conscience of the King .	The play 's the thing Wherein I ’ ll see the conscience of the king .
Go and importune her .	Go and beg her .
But nature should bring forth Of its own kind all foison , all abundance , To feed my innocent people .	Nature would produce its harvests in abundance , to feed my innocent people .
I pray you , father , being weak , seem so .	Please , father , since you ’ re weak , act like it .
Is the sword unswayed ?	Is the army without a leader ?
Stay , give me drink .	Stay , give me drink .
The clock hath stricken three .	The clock struck three .
Follow not .	Don ’ t follow me .
We are men , my liege .	We are men , my liege .
For they shall yet belie thy happy years That say thou art a man .	Anyone who says you ’ re a man must not notice how young you are .
Who doth he gallop withal ?	Who does it gallop for ?
Examples gross as earth exhort me .	Examples , as obvious as dirt , urge me .
Fie , fie , fie , pah , pah ! — Give me an ounce of civet , good apothecary , to sweeten my imagination .	Give me an aphrodisiac , pharmacist .
What says that fool of Hagar ’ s offspring , ha ?	What did that gentile fool say to you , hmmm ?
Wert thou not my brother , I would not take this hand from thy throat till this other had pulled out thy tongue for saying so .	If you weren ’ t my brother , I ’ d leave this hand of mine on your neck until I ’ d pulled out your tongue for talking like this .
Alas , who knows ?	Alas , who knows ?
That , trusted Might yet enkindle you unto the crown , Besides the Thane of Cawdor .	That , my best friend , Might still inflame you with passion for the crown , In addition to the title of the Baron of Cawdor .
No , lad .	No , son .
Why , man , I saw Bassanio under sail ; With him is Gratiano gone along ; And in their ship , I am sure , Lorenzo is not .	Why , man , I saw Bassanio sailing away ; Gratiano has gone along with him ; And I am sure Lorenzo is not on their ship .
Let us hear , sweet Bottom .	Let ’ s hear it , sweet Bottom .
Fall to .	Eat .
Tell me , heavenly bow , If Venus or her son , as thou dost know , Do now attend the queen .	Tell me , heavenly rainbow , if you know , If Venus the goddess of love or Cupid , her son , Now wait on the queen ?
Patience , I pray you !	Please !
But it was — as I received it , and others , whose judgments in such matters cried in the top of mine — an excellent play , well digested in the scenes , set down with as much modesty as cunning .	But the critics and I found it to be an excellent play , with well-ordered scenes that were clever but not fancy .
If it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar as to hear me , I shall beseech him to befriend himself .	If it pleases Caesar to be so good to himself as to hear me , I ’ ll try to get him to do what ’ s good for him .
The wine she drinks is made of grapes .	Like hell she is !
She has light by her continually .	She always has to have a light next to her .
I pray you , let me see it .	Let me see it .
Then like a Roman bear the truth I tell .	Then you must take the truth I have to tell like a Roman .
Tear him , tear him !	Tear him , tear him !
Well , God-a-mercy .	Well , God have mercy .
Madam , sleeps still .	He ’ s still sleeping , ma 'am .
I was a fine fool to take it .	I was an idiot to take it !
If it be , sir , I pray you , eat none of it .	If it is , I suggest you don ’ t eat it .
Yes , faith , will I , Fridays and Saturdays and all .	Okay , I will — on Fridays and Saturdays , and the rest .
Well roared , Lion !	Good roaring , Lion !
Look I so pale , Lord Dorset , as the rest ?	Do I look as pale as everyone else does , Lord Dorset ?
I know that we shall have him well to friend .	I know that we shall have him as a friend .
Come , come !	Listen to you !
Sit then and talk with her .	So have a seat and talk to her .
And this may help to thicken other proofs That do demonstrate thinly .	And this may help to support other proofs That look questionable .
So you shall ; And where the offence is let the great axe fall .	And so you shall , And wherever the guilt is , that ’ s where the punishment will be .
He hath , my lord .	He has , my lord .
Then fall , Caesar !	You too , Brutus ? — Then fall , Caesar !
Stay , countrymen .	Wait , countrymen .
If any man in Italy have a fairer table , which doth offer to swear upon a book , I shall have good fortune !	Well ; if any man in Italy has a better table that offers to swear on a book , I shall have good luck .
His speech was like a tangled chain ; nothing impaired , but all disordered .	His speech was like a tangled chain ; nothing impaired , but all disordered .
Now am I dead , Now am I fled ; My soul is in the sky .	Now am I dead , Now am I fled ; My soul is in the sky .
Good Enobarbus !	Good Enobarbus !
The eye of man hath not heard , the ear of man hath not seen , man 's hand is not able to taste , his tongue to conceive , nor his heart to report , what my dream was .	The eye of man has not heard , the ear of man has not seen ; man 's hand is not able to taste , his tongue to conceive , or his heart to report , what my dream was .
It touches you , my lord , as much as me .	It applies to you as much as to me , my lord .
What Antony shall speak , I will protest He speaks by leave and by permission , And that we are contented Caesar shall Have all true rites and lawful ceremonies .	Whatever Antony shall speak , I ’ ll formerly declare That he speaks with our permission And that we are happy that Caesar shall Have all true rights and lawful ceremonies .
Assume a virtue , if you have it not .	but don ’ t go to my uncle 's bed , Act as though you have a virtue if you don ’ t have it .
He did appoint so .	He told us to arrange it .
You shall not go .	Listen to me : you shall not go .
Worthy gentleman !	What a worthy man !
Reputation , reputation , reputation !	My reputation , my reputation !
O , If you but knew how you the purpose cherish Whiles thus you mock it ; how in stripping it .	If you only knew how you appreciate the purpose While you mock it like this !
Let them be hunted soundly .	Hunt them down .
There is something else .	There ’ s something else .
Adieu .	Good-bye .
Come , deal justly with me .	Come on , Tell me the truth .
Young gentleman , your spirits are too bold for your years .	Young gentleman , you are too bold for your age .
Commend me to Lord William .	Give my regards to Hastings , Catesby .
This tyrant , whose sole name blisters our tongues , Was once thought honest .	This tyrant , whose mere name is so awful it hurts us to say it , was once considered an honest man .
What stay had we but Clarence ?	What support did we have besides our father ?
I shall do ’ t .	I will .
Go then , find me a meet hour to draw Don Pedro and the Count Claudio alone .	Find a time to speak with Don Pedro and Claudio alone .
O , why rebuke you him that loves you so ?	Oh , why do you reject him that loves you so ?
What , Gertrude ?	What , Gertrude ?
Go to , farewell .	Go to ; farewell .
What the goodyear , my lord , why are you thus out of measure sad ?	Really , my lord , why are you so excessively sad ?
Take thrice thy money .	Take three times your money .
Skipper , stand back .	Stand back , boy .
How “ strangely ” ?	This one ?
No Thisbe do I see .	I don ’ t see any Thisbe .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
Captain , I thee beseech to do me favors .	Captain , I have a favor to beg of you .
No matter whither , so you come not here .	It doesn ’ t matter where , so long as it ’ s not here .
Ay , springes to catch woodcocks .	Yes , mousetraps to catch fools .
Art thou there , truepenny ?	Are you there , trusty fellow ?
I am thy father ’ s spirit , Doomed for a certain term to walk the night And for the day confined to fast in fires , Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature Are burnt and purged away .	I ’ m the ghost of your father , doomed for a certain period of time to walk the earth at night , while during the day I ’ m trapped in the fires of purgatory until I ’ ve done penance for my past sins .
What is your will , sir , that you send for me ?	You sent for me , sir ?
You shall hear more .	He ’ ll tell you more of the story .
The Moor himself at sea And is in full commission here for Cyprus .	The Moor himself is still at sea .
Faith , niece , you tax Signor Benedick too much , but he ’ ll be meet with you , I doubt it not .	But I ’ m sure he ’ ll get even with you .
O , rejoice Beyond a common joy , and set it down With gold on lasting pillars .	Oh , this is cause for an extraordinary joy that should be engraved in gold on pillars to last forever .
Sheathe your dagger .	Put your dagger away .
More pity that the eagle should be mewed While kites and buzzards prey at liberty .	It ’ s a shame that we eagles are caged up while the vultures are free to do whatever they please .
I shall not fear fly- blowing .	I won ’ t be afraid of blow flies .
Now lies he there , And none so poor to do him reverence .	Now lies he there , And there is no one too poor to pay him respect .
Untimely comes this hurt .	It ’ s a bad time for such an injury .
What is the reason of this terrible summons ?	What is the reason for this terrible summons ?
Believe me , sir , they butt together well .	They certainly do like to butt heads !
Do you sing it , and I ’ ll dance it .	You sing , and I ’ ll dance .
I have a suit to you .	I have to ask you something .
How can these things in me seem scorn to you , Bearing the badge of faith to prove them true ?	How can it seem like I ’ m making fun of you , when my tears prove that I ’ m sincere ?
Tell me but truly — but then speak the truth — Do you not love my sister ?	Tell me truthfully , do you love my sister ?
If she had been blessed , she would never have loved the Moor .	If she were so moral , she would never have fallen in love with the Moor in the first place .
It is no shame .	Good idea .
Why , how now , general !	Why , how are you , general !
I think it lacks of twelve .	I think it ’ s just before twelve .
Be pleased to tell us — For this is from the present — how you take The offers we have sent you .	But since , To get back to the matter at hand , what do you think of our proposal ?
Answer my life my judgment , Thy youngest daughter does not love thee least , Nor are those empty-hearted whose low sound Reverbs no hollowness .	On my life I swear to you that your youngest daughter doesn ’ t love you least .
Will you go , coz ?	My Will you come on , cousin ?
What conquest brings he home ?	What victory does he bring home ?
Only this commendation I can afford her , that were she other than she is , she were unhandsome , and being no other but as she is , I do not like her .	I can only say this about her : if she looked different than she does , she would be ugly , and since she can ’ t be anything but herself , I don ’ t like her .
Let th ’ Egyptians And the Phoenicians go a-ducking .	Let the Egyptians and Phoenicians go swimming .
To flatter Caesar , would you mingle eyes With one that ties his points ?	In order to flatter Caesar , would you flirt with the servant who laces up his pants ?
Good majesty , Herod of Jewry dare not look upon you But when you are well pleased .	Gracious Queen , even Herod of Judea wouldn ’ t dare look at you unless you were in a good mood .
O most pernicious woman !	Oh , you evil woman !
Thou art a fool .	You ’ re a fool .
By 'r lady , your ladyship is nearer to heaven than when I saw you last by the altitude of a chopine .	By our lady , your ladyship is taller than when I saw you last , by the height of a high-heeled shoe .
Look you , these are the stops .	Look you , these are the holes to cover .
There ’ s money for thee .	There ’ s money in it for you .
If Hamlet give the first or second hit Or quit in answer of the third exchange , Let all the battlements their ordnance fire !	If Hamlet makes the first or second hit , or gets back at Laertes by making the third hit , then let my soldiers give him a military salute .
Then make a ring about the corse of Caesar , And let me show you him that made the will .	Then make a circle around the corpse of Caesar , And let me show you the man who made the will .
I confess it is my shame to be so fond , but it is not in my virtue to amend it .	I confess it is my shame to be so crazy in love , but it is not in my virtue to fix it .
Leave me alone to woo him .	Let ’ s go gather our jewels and money .
Lechery , by this hand ; an index and obscure prologue to the history of lust and foul thoughts .	I swear it ’ s a habitual lust , a list and hidden opening to the history of lust and evil thoughts .
Death is the fairest cover for her shame That may be wished for .	Death is the best way to cover over her shame .
Here in the tent .	Here in the tent .
Boundless intemperance In nature is a tyranny .	Endless greed and lust in a man ’ s nature is a kind of tyranny .
An oath , an oath , I have an oath in heaven .	But I made an oath , an oath , an oath in heaven .
Hold you the watch tonight ?	Are you going to watch again tonight ?
Be factious for redress of all these griefs , And I will set this foot of mine as far As who goes farthest .	If you ’ re joining together to right these wrongs , I ’ ll go as far as any one of you .
Whither are you going ?	Where are you going ?
Kill me tomorrow ; let me live tonight !	Kill me tomorrow ; let me live tonight !
Did I deserve no more than a fool ’ s head ?	Didn ’ t I deserve anything more than a fool ’ s head ?
Nay , I ’ ll help too .	No , I ’ ll help too .
Come , let us to the banquet .	Come on , let ’ s get to the banquet .
It is as easy as lying .	Oh , it ’ s as easy as lying .
Approach thou like the rugged Russian bear , The armed rhinoceros , or th ' Hyrcan tiger ; Take any shape but that , and my firm nerves Shall never tremble .	Come at me in the form of a rugged Russian bear , an armor-plated rhinoceros , or a tiger from Iran .
To be once in doubt Is to be resolved .	If there ’ s any doubt , there is no doubt .
Madam , bethink you , like a careful mother , Of the young prince your son .	Be a careful mother , madam , and think about your son , the young prince .
Let me question more in particular .	Let me ask you a particular question .
Come , sisters , cheer we up his sprites , And show the best of our delights .	Come , sisters , let ’ s cheer him up , And show him the best of our delights .
I have lived long enough .	I have lived long enough .
We both have fed as well , and we can both Endure the winter ’ s cold as well as he .	We both have eaten as well , and we can both endure the cold winter as well as he .
Now , beshrew my father ’ s ambition !	Curse my father ’ s ambition !
Now , most noble Brutus , The gods today stand friendly , that we may , Lovers in peace , lead on our days to age !	Now , most noble Brutus , The gods are friendly today , so that we may , Friends in peace , increase our days to old age !
Nay , but say true , does it work upon him ?	Did it really work ?
I know not , madam .	I don ’ t know , madam .
Thou ' rt kind .	How nice of you !
Is it the King ?	Is it the king ?
Ah , good Demetrius , wilt thou give him me ?	Oh , good Demetrius , will you find him for me ?
Tis safer to be that which we destroy Than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy .	It is safer to be what we destroy , Rather than , by destruction , live in uncertain joy .
Shall I vent to her that thou art coming ?	Should I blab to her that you ’ re coming ?
tis here !	It is here !
Marry , heaven forbid !	Oh I hope that ’ s not true !
Your heart ’ s desires be with you .	I hope you get what you desire !
Tis true .	That ’ s true .
For a taste : If a hart do lack a hind , Let him seek out Rosalind .	Let me try : If there ’ s a buck who needs a doe Tell him Rosalind will do .
The god of Jupiter .	A god of a god ?
I have slept , my lord , already .	I ’ ve already slept , my lord .
I will not stay to offend you .	I wouldn ’ t want to stay here and make you angry .
Would you not have me honest ?	What , you don ’ t want me to be chaste ?
No , lady .	No , lady .
And when you do them — Cassius , be content .	And when you do — Cassius , calm down .
I will give thee mine .	I ’ ll give you mine .
Thy sister ’ s sister .	Your sister ’ s sister .
This to be true I do engage my life .	I swear on my life that I ’ m speaking the truth .
I will say so .	I ’ ll tell her .
A peevish schoolboy , worthless of such honor , Joined with a masker and a reveler !	An annoying schoolboy , unworthy of such an honor , joined by a masquerader and a partier !
In me ’ tis villainy , In thee ’ t had been good service .	For you to do it would be good service .
Beware the thane of Fife .	Beware the thane of Fife .
Nor none that live , I hope .	Nor living ones , I hope .
Tis dangerous when the baser nature comes Between the pass and fell incensèd points Of mighty opposites .	It ’ s always dangerous when little people get caught in the crossfire of mighty opponents .
And so , I pray thee , call Beatrice .	Now please , tell Beatrice to come out .
Made I him king for this ?	Did I work to make him king for this ?
My lord , my lord !	My lord , my lord !
Be thou familiar , but by no means vulgar .	Be friendly , but by no means vulgar .
I was never curst ; I have no gift at all in shrewishness ; I am a right maid for my cowardice ; Let her not strike me .	I was never cursed ; I have no gift at all in being a fighter ; I am a right maid for my cowardice ; Don ’ t let her strike me .
For the which , as I told you , Antonio shall be bound .	For which , as I told you , Antonio shall be obligated .
I loved you not .	I didn ’ t love you .
With all my heart , and much it joys me too To see you are become so penitent . — Tressel and Berkeley , go along with me .	I ’ ll do it with all my heart .
Fortune and Antony part here .	Luck and Antony separate here and now .
Good madam , stay a while .	Madam , please be patient .
Now , the next day Was our sea-fight ; and what to this was sequent Thou know 'st already .	Now , the next day Was our sea-fight , and what followed You know already .
I tell thee , man , ’ tis better with me now Than when thou met ’ st me last where now we meet .	I tell you , man , it ’ s better for me , too , than the last time we met here .
I will hold friends with you , lady .	I ’ m going to make sure I stay on your good side , lady .
She shows a body rather than a life , A statue than a breather .	She has a body , not a life .
Look to your house , your daughter , and your bags !	Check on your daughter , your house , your money !
It is not possible .	No , it would be impossible .
O , but she 'll keep her word .	O , but she 'll keep her word .
Noble Banquo , That hast no less deserved , nor must be known No less to have done so ; let me enfold thee And hold thee to my heart .	Noble Banquo , Who has deserved no less , and must not be known To have done less than Macbeth , let me infold you In my arms and stop you to my heart .
The phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could carry cannon by our sides .	Carriage ” makes it sound like it ’ s pulling around a cannon .
Well run , Thisbe !	Good running , Thisbe !
She In th ’ habiliments of the goddess Isis That day appeared , and oft before gave audience , As ’ tis reported , so .	He gave Syria , Cilicia , and Phoenicia to Ptolemy .
Our separation so abides and flies That thou , residing here , goes yet with me , And I , hence fleeting , here remain with thee .	Our imminent separation so occupies our thoughts that even though you stay here , you come with me , and even though I leave here , I stay with you .
Here comes my noble gull-catcher .	Here she comes , the brilliant fool-catcher .
Burn but his books .	Be sure to burn his magic books .
Tis Banquo ’ s then .	Then it must be Banquo ’ s .
No , it begins again .	No , it begins again .
There are some shrewd contents in yond same paper That steals the color from Bassanio ’ s cheek .	I wish you ’ d won the Something bad in that letter is making Bassanio turn pale .
Then burst his mighty heart , And , in his mantle muffling up his face , Even at the base of Pompey 's statue , Which all the while ran blood , great Caesar fell .	Then his mighty heart burst , And , in his cloak covering up his face , Even at the base of Pompey 's statue , Which was covered in blood , great Caesar fell .
I would not kill thy soul .	I would not kill your soul .
It were , my lord , a hard condition for a maid to consign to .	It ’ s a lot to ask of a maiden .
What , a feast , a feast ?	What , are we having a feast ?
Imperious Caesar , dead and turned to clay , Might stop a hole to keep the wind away .	The great emperor Caesar , dead and turned to clay , might plug up a hole to keep the wind away .
Come , sit , sit , and a song .	Come , sit , sit , and sing me a song .
Give me answer to it .	Answer me .
Do not approach Till thou dost hear me call .	Don ’ t come near Until you hear me call .
The time of universal peace is near .	An era of universal peace is about to start .
Young men will do 't if they come to 't By Cock , they are to blame .	Young men will do it if they come to it , By God , they are to blame .
I am not sick , if Brutus have in hand Any exploit worthy the name of honor .	I ’ m not sick , if Brutus have any exploit Worthy of the name of honor in hand .
O no , my reasons are too deep and dead — Too deep and dead , poor infants , in their graves .	Oh no , my reasons are deep and as permanent as death .
It is backed like a weasel .	It does have a back like a weasel ’ s .
The hand of death hath raught him .	The hand of death has taken him .
No ?	No ?
I thank you for this profit , and from hence I 'll love no friend sith love breeds such offense .	I thank you for this lesson ; and from this point forward , I 'll love no friend , since love breeds such contempt .
Good friends , go in and taste some wine with me , And we like friends will straightway go together .	Good friends , go in , and taste some wine with me ; And we , like friends , will go ahead together straightaway .
O , lay me by my mistress ’ side .	O , lay me by my mistress ' side .
Deceiving me is Thisbe 's cue .	Deceiving me ” is Thisbe 's cue .
If you pardon , we will mend .	If you forgive us , we ’ ll make everything all right .
And look thou meet me ere the first cock crow .	And meet me before the first rooster crows at dawn .
So I am free .	So I ’ m free .
I know thee well .	I know who you are .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Or is he on his horse ?	Or is he on his horse ?
Why does he suffer this rude knave now to knock him about the sconce with a dirty shovel , and will not tell him of his action of battery ?	Why does he allow this rude fellow to knock him about the head now , with a dirty shovel , and will not tell him why he ’ s being hit ?
Sir , I must have that diamond from you .	Sir , I must get that diamond ring back from you .
O come , Ventidius .	Come here , Ventidius .
Shall I tell you why ?	Should I tell you why ?
Think not I love him , though I ask for him .	Don ’ t think I ’ m in love with him just because I ’ m asking about him .
What we will do , we do upon command .	What we do we have been commanded to do .
O , answer me !	O , answer me !
In the way of argument , look you , and friendly communication , partly to satisfy my opinion , and partly for the satisfaction , look you , of my mind , as touching the direction of the military discipline , that is the point .	Partly to confirm my opinion and partly for the satisfaction , see , of my mind , with respect to the demands of proper military practice — that ’ s the point ?
Then do but say to me what I should do , That in your knowledge may by me be done , And I am prest unto it : therefore speak .	You only have say to me what I should do That you think I can do , And I am committed to it ; so , ask me .
Stay here .	Stay here .
Why , thou hast put him in such a dream that when the image of it leaves him he must run mad .	You ’ ve made him so delusional he ’ ll go crazy when he learns the truth .
Vouchsafe good morrow from a feeble tongue .	Allow a good morning from a feeble tongue .
He is afeard to come .	He ’ s afraid to come in .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Who ?	Who ?
Tut , she ’ s a lamb , a dove , a fool to him !	Why , she ’ s a lamb , a dove , a child compared to him !
Come , my Hippolyta ; what cheer , my love ?	are you okay , my love ?
You must say ‘ paragon . ’ A paramour is — God bless us ! — A thing of naught .	You must say “ paragon . ” A “ paramour ” is , God bless us , a thing of nothing .
Peace , ho !	Quiet !
I shall , King Harry .	I shall , King Harry .
Murder !	murder !
Faith , stay here this night .	Look , let ’ s stay here tonight .
When you shall please to play the thieves for wives , I ’ ll watch as long for you then .	When you have to steal your own wives some day , I ’ ll wait for you just as long .
You have often Begun to tell me what I am , but stopped And left me to a bootless inquisition , Concluding ‘ Stay , not yet . ’ The hour 's now come ; The very minute bids thee ope thine ear , Obey , and be attentive .	You have often Started to tell me who I am , but you stopped , And left me to a useless questioning , Concluding “ Wait , not yet . ” Now it ’ s time , The very minute asks you to listen carefully ; Obey and listen .
No sovereignty — Yet he would be king on ’ t .	There ’ d be no kingship — He wants to be king in a place with no kingship .
I heard myself proclaimed , And by the happy hollow of a tree Escaped the hunt .	I heard myself declared an outlaw and escaped capture by hiding in the trunk of a hollow tree .
I understand a fury in your words , But not the words .	I can tell you ’ re furious , but I don ’ t understand what you ’ re saying .
This fellow 's of exceeding honesty , And knows all qualities , with a learned spirit , Of human dealings .	This fellow 's exceedingly honesty , And knows all qualities , with an educated spirit , Of human dealings .
O thou bloody prison , Fatal and ominous to noble peers !	Oh , you bloody prison , fatal and threatening to noble lords !
My hour is almost come When I to sulfurous and tormenting flames Must render up myself .	The hour has almost come when I have to return to the horrible flames of purgatory .
But two months dead !	Only dead for two months !
What , ho , Brabantio !	What , ho , Brabantio !
tis a chough ; but , as I say , spacious in the pos- session of dirt .	He ’ s a clown , but , as I say , proud to own dirt .
Here , here !	Here , here !
Do so .	Do that .
And till the tears that she hath shed for thee Like envious floods o 'errun her lovely face , She was the fairest creature in the world — And yet she is inferior to none .	Before she began shedding tears all over her lovely face , she was the fairest creature in the world — and even now she has no equal .
Oh , here it is .	Here it is .
Let no fair be kept in mind But the fair of Rosalind .	Don ’ t think of any beauty But the beauty of Rosalind .
Yond island carrions , desperate of their bones , Ill-favoredly become the morning field .	Those island-bred skeletons , terrified for their bones , are an offensive sight on the morning field .
Barren my wit ?	Have I lost my wit ?
Soft , sir !	Aside .
And though you know my inwardness and love Is very much unto the Prince and Claudio , Yet , by mine honor , I will deal in this As secretly and justly as your soul Should with your body .	And even though you know I ’ m very close to the Prince and Claudio , I swear I ’ ll keep your counsel and deal with this secretly and justly .
What a haste looks through his eyes !	He looks as though he ’ s in a great hurry !
I 'll after that same villain , For ' tis a damned slave .	I 'll go after that same villain , Because he is a damned slave .
I have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer moment .	I ’ ve seen her claim to be dying twenty times before , and for far less reason .
I think nobly of the soul , and no way approve his opinion .	I respect the soul very much , so I disagree with his belief .
With this strange virtue , He hath a heavenly gift of prophecy , And sundry blessings hang about his throne , That speak him full of grace .	Along with this strange power , he also has the gift of prophecy and various other abilities .
Impudent strumpet !	Impudent prostitute !
They are natural . ” For I believe they are portentous things Unto the climate that they point upon .	They ’ re natural enough . ” I think these things are omens of things to come in our country .
Very well .	Fine .
My noble lord — What dost thou say , Iago ?	My noble lord — What is it , Iago ?
Why hath thy queen Summoned me hither to this short-grassed green ?	Why has your queen , Juno , called me here to this grassy spot ?
O , ' tis most sweet When in one line two crafts directly meet .	O , it is most sweet , When you can kill two birds with one stone .
Fair youth , I would I could make thee believe I love .	Young boy , I wish I could make you believe that I ’ m in love .
Post to Salisbury .	Ride to Salisbury .
My tale provokes that question .	My story does raise that question .
How canst thou thus , for shame , Titania , Glance at my credit with Hippolyta , Knowing I know thy love to Theseus ?	How can you say these things , for shame , Titania , Give me a little more credit than that with Hippolyta , Knowing I know all about your love for Theseus ?
Now is it time to arm .	It ’ s time to put our armor on .
Fly And make your peace with Caesar .	Escape and make peace with Caesar .
Do it quickly .	Be quick .
How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank !	How beautiful the moonlight ’ s shining on this bank !
to Gonzalo &ket; Though this island seem to be &bra; to Gonzalo &ket; Though this island seem to be desert , — &bra; to Sebastian &ket; Ha , ha , ha !	Though this island seems to be deserted , — Ha , ha , ha !
It is concluded .	The deal is closed .
Your gentleness shall force More than your force move us to gentleness .	Gentlemanly manners have more sway around here than force does .
Come , sir .	Come with me , sir .
Have you any further trade with us ?	Is there anything else I can do for you ?
We doubt not now But every rub is smoothèd on our way .	I ’ m now sure that every bump in the road has been removed .
Therefore go .	So go .
Why , what did I ?	What did I do ?
O villain !	O villain !
Ay .	Yes .
The Moor already changes with my poison .	The Moor ’ s mind has already become infected with my poisonous suggestions .
Nay , this was but his dream .	No , it was just a dream .
Farewell , good Strato .	Farewell , good Strato .
We are blest that Rome is rid of him .	We are blessed that Rome is rid of him .
Now civil wounds are stopped , peace lives again .	Civil wounds now can heal , and peace can live again .
Let me be your servant .	Let me be your servant .
Hold off your hands !	Hold off your hands .
The soul and body rive not more in parting Than greatness going off .	When a great person departs , it causes more pain than when the soul leaves the body .
I could not for my heart deny it him .	I didn ’ t have the heart to say no to him .
O young and noble Cato , art thou down ?	Oh , young and noble Cato , have you been slain ?
It is .	It is .
One that old Frederick , your father , loves .	A man old Frederick , your father , loves .
and long live you to think so !	and long live you to think so !
I see these witches are afraid of swords .	It looks like these witches are scared of swords .
Tis well you offer it behind her back .	It ’ s nice you ’ re offering to sacrifice her behind her back .
I will so .	I will do so .
how now !	Come now !
Even so .	Well , there they are .
I ’ ll none of it .	I won ’ t take it .
For murder , though it have no tongue , will speak With most miraculous organ .	Murder has no tongue , but miraculously it still finds a way to speak .
As Caesar loved me , I weep for him ; as he was fortunate , I rejoice at it ; as he was valiant , I honor him ; but as he was ambitious , I slew him .	As Caesar loved me , I weep for him ; as he was fortunate , I rejoice at it ; as he was valiant , I honor him ; but , as he was ambitious , I killed him .
How shall we beguile The lazy time if not with some delight ?	How will we pass the time without some entertainment ?
Phoebe , with all my heart .	With all my heart , Phoebe .
My father charged you in his will to give me good education .	My father instructed you in his will to give me a good education .
Men must not walk too late .	Clearly , men should not go out walking too late !
May you stead me ?	Will you help me ?
Mine and my father 's death come not upon thee , Nor thine on me !	And I am not guilty of yours .
Pooh !	Pooh !
Roderigo !	Roderigo !
O , reason not the need !	Oh , don ’ t ask me why I “ need ” them !
Go prick thy face and over-red thy fear , Thou lily-liver 'd boy .	Go prick your face and hide your fear in a red face , You lily-livered boy .
I cannot tell .	I don ’ t know .
Pish !	Disgusting !
Of lusty earls : Grandpré and Roussi , Faulconbridge and Foix , Beaumont and Marle , Vaudemont and Lestrale .	Of brave earls , Grandpré and Roussi , Fauconberg and Foix , Beaumont and Marle , Vaudemont and Lestrale .
Th ’ art an honest man .	You are an honest man .
By your patience , I needs must rest me .	If you don ’ t mind , I need to rest a bit .
His life I gave him and did thereto add My love , without retention or restraint , All his in dedication .	I saved his life and gave him my love , without reservation .
Well then , go you into hell ?	So you ’ ll go to hell ?
Gaoler , look to him .	Jailer , look to him .
It must be your imagination then , and not theirs .	It must be your imagination then , and not theirs .
Came you , from Padua , from Bellario ?	Did you come from Padua , from Bellario ?
The April ’ s in her eyes ; it is love ’ s spring , And these the showers to bring it on .	Her eyes are like April : full of showers .
That is done , sir .	That ’ s already been done , sir .
What dost thou with thy best apparel on ?	What are you doing , wearing your best clothes ?
The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day ; Now spurs the lated traveller apace To gain the timely inn , and near approaches The subject of our watch .	There are still some streaks of day in the west .
Come , lieutenant , I have a stoup of wine , and here without are a brace of Cyprus gallants that would fain have a measure to the health of black Othello .	Come , lieutenant , I have a bottle of wine ; and here outside are a number of Cyprus gents that would happily drink a round to the health of black Othello .
Is your name Shylock ?	Is your name Shylock ?
Give thy thoughts no tongue , Nor any unproportioned thought his act .	Don ’ t say what you ’ re thinking , and don ’ t be too quick to act on what you think .
Aside .	Aside .
Then heaven have mercy on me !	Then heaven Have mercy on me !
Why , I am sure , if he forfeit thou wilt not take his flesh .	But you won ’ t take his flesh if he can ’ t pay .
By Sinel 's death I know I am Thane of Glamis ; But how of Cawdor ?	By inheritance , I know I am Baron of Glamis ; Only how am I Baron of Cawdor ?
But come , I 'll tell thee all my whole device When I am in my coach , which stays for us At the park gate ; and therefore haste away , For we must measure twenty miles to-day .	But come , I 'll tell you all about my whole plan When I am in my coach , which waits for us At the park gate ; and so hurry , Because we must travel twenty miles today .
Upon the heath .	Upon the heath .
Therefore , my lords , omit no happy hour That may give furth 'rance to our expedition ; For we have now no thought in us but France , Save those to God , that run before our business .	Now , lords , don ’ t let slip any opportunity that might be advantageous for our expedition .
It is too late .	It is too late .
Dost thou squiny at me ?	Are you squinting at me ?
O Cleopatra !	Oh , Cleopatra !
Let him cry , “ Praise and glory on his head ! ” For forth he goes and visits all his host , Bids them good morrow with a modest smile , And calls them brothers , friends , and countrymen .	them brothers , friends , and countrymen .
Ay , but ( by your leave ) not before me .	Okay , but please not before me .
Her husband , knave .	Her husband , you rascal .
Behold : it is the privilege of mine honors , My oath , and my profession .	Here ’ s mine .
They ’ ll tell all .	They ’ ll tell all .
Or came it by request and such fair question As soul to soul affordeth ?	Or did you agree to this as equals ?
But here my father comes .	But here comes my father .
What do you here ?	What are you doing here ?
All which time Before the gods my knee shall bow my prayers To them for you .	And I will spend our time apart on my knees , praying for you .
And begged he pardon ?	Did he beg my pardon ?
Call him hither to me , soldier .	Have him come to me here , soldier .
There ’ s the point .	That ’ s the point .
I have a suit to you .	I have a favor to ask .
We shall ne 'er be younger .	We ’ re not getting any younger .
Good morrow , Richmond .	Good morning , Richmond .
What is the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Shortly shall all my labors end , and thou Shalt have the air at freedom .	Soon all my work will be done , and you ’ ll be free .
She is not well .	She ’ s not feeling well .
O mischief strangely thwarting !	Oh , mischief has ruined our plans !
Yea , wherefore should she not ?	Yes , why shouldn ’ t she ?
I am sorry that with better heed and judgment I had not quoted him .	I regret not observing him more closely before I told you to do that .
Thou shalt be free .	You shall be free .
Indeed , he hath an excellent good name .	True , he has an excellent reputation .
That ’ s all one : has hurt me , and there ’ s the end on ’ t .	It doesn ’ t matter how I am : he hurt me , and that ’ s that .
The sun !	You mean the sun !
Where ’ s your father ?	Where ’ s your father ?
A single thing , as I am now , that wonders To hear thee speak of Naples .	He would just see me for what I am , a person amazed to hear you talking about Naples .
Thou but rememberest me of mine own conception .	No , you ’ re just reminding me of something I ’ ve also noticed .
to the Boatswain &ket; Now , &bra; to the Boatswain &ket; Now , blasphemy , That swear 'st grace o 'erboard : not an oath on shore ?	Now , you blasphemer , who sent grace overboard with Swearing , don ’ t you have an oath on shore ?
Quickly let me have it .	Let me have it now .
Who comes here ?	Who ’ s this coming here ?
Have you come by night , And stolen my love 's heart from him ?	have you come by night , And stolen my love 's heart from him ?
O , now forever Farewell the tranquil mind !	O , now , forever Farewell to the peaceful mind !
And thou must make a dullard of the world , If they not thought the profits of my death Were very pregnant and potential spirits To make thee seek it . ” O strange and fastened villain !	And you must think people are stupid if you believe they wouldn ’ t realize all the motives you have for trying to kill me . ” Oh , how monstrously evil !
Or did the letters work upon his blood And new-create his fault ?	Or did the letter make him emotional somehow , and this is the first time he ’ s done it ?
Show me , show me .	Show me , show me .
It fell upon a little western flower , Before milk-white , now purple with love ’ s wound .	It fell on a little western flower , which used to be white as milk but now has turned purple from being wounded by the arrow of love .
Come , come , we fear the worst .	Come , come , we ’ re worrying about the worst-case scenario .
Perchance he will not mind me .	I 'll fall down flat ; Maybe he won ’ t notice me .
As I have life and honor , there shall he sit till noon .	I swear on my life and honor , he ’ ll sit here in the stocks until noon .
He was a goodly king .	He was an admirable king .
Calmly , good Laertes .	Calmly , good Laertes .
Tis time to look about .	It ’ s time to reassess the situation .
There be some such , no question .	There are women like that out there , no question .
I will have none on 't .	I ’ ll have none of it .
Nay , I dare not swear it .	Well , no , not literally .
Therefore , fair Hermia , question your desires .	So think carefully about what you want , beautiful Hermia .
The duke must grant me that .	The duke will agree with me on that .
We had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth .	We were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men with no teeth .
I am none of these , my lord .	You lowlife son-of-a-bitch !
Fie , there is no such man .	Nobody ’ s that bad .
Knock at the gate ?	Knock at the gate ?
You ’ re welcome , sir , and he for your good sake .	You and he are both welcome , sir .
Ay , with a heart as willing As bondage e 'er of freedom : here 's my hand .	Yes , with a heart as willing As slavery was ever willing of freedom : here 's my hand .
Come .	A better example — come on .
That death ’ s unnatural that kills for loving .	You ’ re wrong to kill me for loving you .
What a sigh is there !	What a heavy sigh !
So let high-sighted tyranny range on Till each man drop by lottery .	Then we can let this ambitious tyrant continue unchallenged until each of us is killed at his whim .
Mark you this , Bassanio , The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose .	Pay attention , Bassanio , The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose .
The honorable lady of the house , which is she ?	Which one of you is the lady of the house ?
I dare not say he lies anywhere .	I dare not say he lies anywhere .
Peaseblossom .	Peaseblossom .
He is indeed a horse , and all other jades you may call beasts .	He is indeed worthy of the name “ horse , ” and you can call all the rest beasts .
Now forth , Lord Constable and princes all , And quickly bring us word of England ’ s fall .	Go now , Lord Constable and all you princes , and quickly bring us news of England ’ s defeat .
Hail to your grace .	Hail to your majesty .
Madman , thou errest .	You ’ re wrong , you madman .
Hold , take my sword .	Here , take my sword .
O madam , madam , madam !	Oh , madam , madam , madam !
I am sorry that your leisure serves you not . — Antonio , gratify this gentleman , For in my mind you are much bound to him .	I ’ m sorry you don ’ t have time . — Antonio , give this gentleman a reward .
O , I am slain !	O , I am slain !
And so it is , truly , and very notably discharged .	It ’ s a good tragedy , very well done .
Hear me , recreant !	Listen to me , you traitor .
I do believe it , and I ask your pardon .	I do believe it , and I ask your pardon .
For mine own part , I shall be glad to learn of noble men .	For my own part , I ’ ll be glad to learn from more capable men .
Pardon , my lord .	Forgive us , my lord .
We will , my lord .	We will , my lord .
The clerk will ne 'er wear hair on 's face that had it .	No , God 's my judge , The clerk will never grow a beard that took it .
Name what part I am for , and proceed .	Tell me what my part is , and then proceed .
I often came where I did hear of her , but cannot find her .	I went to many places where I heard news about her , but I couldn ’ t find her .
Do , young sir .	Please , young sir .
With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and yet prove an ass .	With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove a donkey .
Ready .	Ready .
They know By th ’ height , the lowness , or the mean , if dearth Or foison follow .	They know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty .
Here , mighty Theseus .	Here I am , Theseus .
I urged you further , then you scratched your head And too impatiently stamped with your foot .	I asked you again , and you scratched your head and stamped your foot impatiently .
What , girl , though gray Do something mingle with our younger brown , yet ha ’ we A brain that nourishes our nerves and can Get goal for goal of youth .	What do you think , girl !
What rests ?	What stops ?
Sola !	Hey !
The Thane of Fife had a wife ; where is she now ?	The Baron of Fife had a wife ; where is she now ?
Sit down a while And let us once again assail your ears , That are so fortified against our story , What we have two nights seen .	Sit down for a while , and we ’ ll tell you again the story you don ’ t want to believe , about what we ’ ve seen two nights now .
Tedious it were to tell and harsh to hear .	It ’ s a long story — and tough to listen to .
Lorenzo and his infidel ?	Lorenzo and his infidel ?
wo ha , ho !	Whoa , ha , hey !
Where is your servant Caius ?	Where ’ s your servant
Therein , ye gods , you tyrants do defeat .	In suicide , gods allow tyrants to be defeated .
Crown him that , And then I grant we put a sting in him That at his will he may do danger with .	If we crown him , I have to admit we ’ d be giving him the power to do damage .
Ha , ha !	Ha , ha !
Why , what is that to you ?	What ’ s it to you ?
Interrupt the monster one word further , and , by this hand , I ’ ll turn my mercy out o ' doors and make a stockfish of thee .	If you interrupt this monster with one more word , I ’ ll beat you like a piece of salted fish .
I do not think 't .	I don ’ t think so .
Ha , it may be I go under that title because I am merry .	Maybe they call me that because I am cheerful .
Then are our beggars bodies , and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars ' shadows .	Then our beggars are bodies , and our monarchs and outstretched heroes are the beggars ' shadows .
Dissolve , thick cloud , and rain , that I may say The gods themselves do weep !	Clouds , dissolve into rain , so that I could say the gods themselves are weeping !
Ay , if you dare do yourself a profit and a right .	Yes , if you want to help yourself .
That did I , my lord , and was accounted a good actor .	That did I , my lord , and I was accounted a good actor .
Run when you will ; the story shall be changed : Apollo flies , and Daphne holds the chase ; The dove pursues the griffin ; the mild hind Makes speed to catch the tiger ; bootless speed , When cowardice pursues and valour flies .	Apollo flies , and Daphne chases him ; The dove pursues the vulture ; the mild deer Runs faster to catch the tiger — helpless speed , When cowardice chases and courage flies .
Mark him .	Keep an eye on him .
Let the galled jade winch ; our withers are unwrung .	Let the bitter hussy kick , our saddles don ’ t pinch .
And then , sir , does he this , he does — What was I about to say ?	And then he ’ ll … he ’ ll … wait , what was I about to say ?
He started one poor heart of mine in thee .	He made my heart leap for you .
My lord , I have considered in my mind The late request that you did sound me in .	My lord , I have thought over the request you just made of me .
Let me see .	Horatio , tell me something .
Who shall begin ?	Who should begin ?
Good , yet remember whom thou hast aboard .	Just remember who you ’ ve got on board with you , good man .
Well , my lord .	Well , my lord .
To the selfsame tune and words .	That ’ s exactly what they said .
If thou doubt it , thou mayst slide from my shoulder to my heel with no greater a run but my head and my neck .	Trust me , you could slide all the way from my shoulder to my heel taking no more of a running start than the distance between my head and my neck .
Stand , you neat slave , strike !	Stand and fight , you overdressed servant , fight !
Do not , my lord !	Don ’ t , my lord .
I denied you not .	I didn ’ t refuse you .
If it be mine , Keep it not from me .	If it ’ s for me , don ’ t keep it from me .
Petruchio , stand by a while .	Petruchio , let ’ s stand over here awhile .
Yes , to smell pork ; to eat of the habitation which your prophet , the Nazarite , conjured the devil into !	Yes , to smell pork ; to eat in the temple that your prophet , the Nazarene , conjured the devil into .
O , she is Ten times more gentle than her father 's crabbed , And he 's composed of harshness .	She is Ten times more gentle than her crabby father , And he 's made of harshness .
You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should .	You have taken it more seriously than I meant you to .
Of Albany ’ s and Cornwall ’ s powers you heard not ?	Have you heard about Albany ’ s and Cornwall ’ s troops ?
You lie out on ’ t , sir , and therefore it is not yours .	You don ’ t know that ?
I would you had won the fleece that he hath lost !	I wish you had won the fleece that he has lost .
As I am an honest man , I thought you had received some bodily wound .	I swear I thought you meant you ’ d been hurt physically .
I cannot tell wat is dat .	I don ’ t understand all dat .
Pray you avoid it .	Please avoid it .
When I presented Ceres , I thought to have told thee of it , but I feared Lest I might anger thee .	When I was putting on the Ceres show , I thought of reminding you about Caliban , but I was afraid of upsetting you .
All there is thine .	Everything that belongs to them is yours .
The heart is sorely charged .	The heart is sorely perplexed .
Yet she must die , else she ’ ll betray more men .	But she ’ s got to die , or she ’ ll cheat on other men .
Antonio , as I heard in Genoa — What , what , what ?	Antonio , as I heard in Genoa — What , what , what ?
Launcelot and I are out .	Launcelot and I can ’ t agree on anything .
The people love me , and the sea is mine .	The people are on my side , and I ’ m in charge of the sea .
With this , my lord , myself have naught to do .	I have nothing to do with what you ’ re talking about , my lord .
Roderigo kill 'd ?	Roderigo killed ?
Or is it a fee-grief Due to some single breast ?	Or is it a grief owned Entirely by one person ?
He that has the two fair daughters — is ’ t he you mean ?	Is that the man you want ?
Good morrow , noble sir .	Good morning , noble sir .
Young Fortinbras , with conquest come from Poland , To th ' ambassadors of England gives This warlike volley .	Young Fortinbras , returning in triumph from Poland , is firing his guns to greet the English ambassadors .
I ’ ll run from thee and hide me in the brakes , And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts .	I ’ ll run away from you and hide in the bushes , and leave you to the mercy of wild animals .
This damned witch Sycorax , For mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible To enter human hearing , from Argier , Thou know ’ st , was banished .	This damned witch Sycorax was kicked out of Algiers for various witching crimes too terrible for humans to hear about .
Well thought on .	Good idea .
The lady of the Strachy married the yeoman of the wardrobe .	Lady Strachy married her wardrobe manager .
Spoke like a tall man that respects thy reputation .	Spoken like a brave man who respects his reputation .
I will go seek him . — Cassio , walk hereabout .	I ’ ll go look for him — Cassio , stay around here .
Is it so nominated in the bond ?	Is it so stated in the promise to pay ?
You pull 'd me by the cloak ; would you speak with me ?	You pulled my sleeve ; do you want to speak with me ?
Nor no one here , for curses never pass The lips of those that breathe them in the air .	No one here is affected by your curse , because curses are just words with no power .
I think the duke will not be spoke withal .	I don ’ t think he wants to be disturbed .
Ay , with Cassio .	Yes , with Cassio .
Monster , I do smell all horse piss , at which my nose is in great indignation .	Monster , I smell like horse piss , which is making my nose pretty upset .
No , not take interest ; not , as you would say , Directly interest : mark what Jacob did .	No , not charge interest ; not , as you would say , Directly charge interest ; listen to what Jacob did .
Thy mother was a piece of virtue , and She said thou wast my daughter ; and thy father Was Duke of Milan , and his only heir And princess no worse issued .	Your mother was a piece of virtue , and She said you were my daughter : and your father Was Duke of Milan and his only heir A princess — born no less .
Leave him to my displeasure . — Edmund , keep you our sister company .	Leave him to my wrath . — Edmund , go with my sister-in-law .
Truly , and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow 's shadow .	Truly , and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow 's shadow .
I think he would not wish himself anywhere but where he is .	I don ’ t think he wants to be anywhere but where he is .
Go , bring them in . — And take your places , ladies .	Come on , bring them in .
Let me , upon my knee , prevail in this .	Let me , on my knee , win this argument .
Why , the honest men .	Why , the honest men .
Is Signior Lucentio within , sir ?	Is Signior Lucentio at home , sir ?
Let her be round with him ; And I 'll be placed , so please you , in the ear Of all their conference .	Let her be strict with him , And I ’ ll be hide , if it pleases you , so I can hear Of all their conference .
Stand fast together , lest some friend of Caesar ’ s Should chance — Talk not of standing . — Publius , good cheer .	Stand close together , in case someone loyal to Caesar tries to — Don ’ t talk about standing together . — Publius , cheer up .
Thy evil spirit , Brutus .	I ’ m your evil spirit , Brutus .
Thou hast slept well ; Awake .	You have slept well ; Awake !
Not Caesar ’ s valor hath o ’ erthrown Antony , But Antony ’ s hath triumphed on itself .	It was not Caesar ’ s bravery that conquered Antony but Antony ’ s that has triumphed over himself .
Od ’ s lifelings , here he is ! — You broke my head for nothing , and that that I did , I was set on to do ’ t by Sir Toby .	Anything I did to you , I did it because Sir Toby made me .
Ay , and brought off the field .	Yes , and he ’ s been carried off the field .
Buzz , buzz .	Yawn , snore .
Go seek him out ; speak fair , and bring the body Into the chapel .	Go find him , speak gently , and bring the body Into the chapel .
Mother , for love of grace , Lay not that flattering unction to your soul That not your trespass but my madness speaks .	Mother , for love of grace , Don ’ t put that flattering oil on your soul That says my craziness speaks and not your sin .
Up so .	Get up .
In himself he is .	You ’ re right , Lysander ’ s admirable too .
O my brave Emperor , this is fought indeed !	Oh , my brave Emperor , this is what I call a fight !
Anything .	Anything .
His soldiers fell to spoil , Whilst we by Antony are all enclosed .	His soldiers were destroyed While we are all surrounded by Antony .
That 's not my meaning ; but breathe his faults so quaintly That they may seem the taints of liberty , The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind , A savageness in unreclaimed blood , Of general assault .	Just tell his faults so quaintly That they may seem to be the stains of freedom , The flash and outbreak of a fiery mind , A savageness in wild blood , An attack that everyone goes through .
But for all that , to my thinking , he would fain have had it .	but , for all that , to my thinking , he seemed eager to have it .
Gratiano speaks an infinite deal of nothing , more than any man in all Venice .	Gratiano talks more nonsense than any other man in Venice .
They are beaten , sir , and our advantage serves For a fair victory .	They ’ re retreating , sir , and our superiority indicates a clear victory .
Either heaven with lightning strike the murderer dead , Or earth gape open wide and eat him quick , As thou dost swallow up this good king ’ s blood , Which his hell-governed arm hath butcherèd !	Either let heaven send lightning to strike the murderer dead or let the earth open wide and devour him , as it does this good king ’ s blood .
You have served me well , And kings have been your fellows .	You have all served me well , and kings are your peers .
What need we fear who knows it , when none can call our power to account ?	What need we fear who knows it , when none can call our power to account ?
Your lieutenant , if you list , he 's no standard .	Your lieutenant , if you like ; he 's no main officer .
O , help him , you sweet heavens !	O , help him , you sweet heavens !
Will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing ?	Will they stop working when their voices mature ?
Worthy Othello , I am hurt to danger .	Othello , I ’ ve been seriously hurt .
On such a full sea are we now afloat , And we must take the current when it serves Or lose our ventures .	It ’ s on such a high tide that we ’ re now floating , and we must take the current when it is offered , or lose our campaign .
O wise young judge , how I do honour thee !	Oh , wise young judge , how I honor you !
And be not jealous on me , gentle Brutus .	And don ’ t be suspicious of me , noble Brutus .
Nothing .	Nothing .
There is an old poor man Who after me hath many a weary step Limped in pure love .	There is a poor old man who , purely out of love , has limped after me for miles .
My life , sir !	Killed ?
He 's fat , and scant of breath .	He 's fat , and out of breath .
Your sister is the better soldier .	Your sister ’ s the better soldier of the two .
You are there followed by a faithful shepherd .	A faithful shepherd worships you .
Before the time be out ?	Before the debt is paid ?
Since no man of aught he leaves knows , what is ’ t to leave betimes ?	Since nobody knows anything about what he leaves behind , then what does it mean to leave early ?
Titinius ' face is upward .	Titinius is lying face-up .
I have done .	I ’ m done .
Didst thou not hear a noise ?	Did you hear a noise ?
Adieu .	Goodbye .
So our leader ’ s led , And we are women ’ s men .	Our leader is being led .
what a sleep were this For your advancement !	What a sleep this is For your advancement !
Watch me like Argus .	Watch me like a hawk .
All disconsolate , With Pindarus his bondman , on this hill .	All very upset , With Pindarus his slave , on this hill .
How have the hours racked and tortured me Since I have lost thee !	I ’ ve been so tortured since I lost track of you !
Follow , I pray you .	Follow them , please .
Who comes so fast in silence of the night ?	Who are you , coming so fast in this quiet night ?
Ninus ' tomb , ” man .	That ’ s “ Ninus ’ s grave , ” man .
Pah !	Yuck !
Here was a Caesar !	Here was a Caesar !
Marry , well said , very well said .	Excellent , very good .
I do beseech ye , if you bear me hard , Now , whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke , Fulfill your pleasure .	I ask you , if you have a grudge against me , to kill me now , while your stained hands still reek of blood .
And the best of me is diligence .	The best thing about me is that I ’ m hardworking .
Spoke like an officer !	Well said !
I ’ ll see it done .	I ’ ll get it done right away .
As thou got ’ st Milan , I ’ ll come by Naples .	Just as you got Milan , I ’ ll get Naples .
I ’ ll mark the play .	I ’ m watching the play .
This is a most majestic vision , and Harmonious charmingly .	This is a majestic and harmonious vision .
Shall I know your answer ?	Can I know your answer ?
I bleed , sir , but not kill 'd .	I bleed , sir , but I am not killed .
Whiles I in this affair do thee employ , I 'll to my queen , and beg her Indian boy ; And then I will her charmed eye release From monster 's view , and all things shall be peace .	While I use you to solve this affair , I 'll go to my queen , and beg the Indian boy from her ; And then I will release her charmed eye So that she will see the monster , and all things shall be at peace .
Go .	Go .
They bore him barefac 'd on the bier ( Hey non nony , nony , hey nony ) And on his grave rain 'd many a tear .	They bore him barefaced on the bier Hey no nonny , nonny , hey nonny And on his grave rained many a tear .
Quail , crush , conclude , and quell !	Conquer , crush , conclude , and kill !
Come , sire , no more . — What , Oswald , ho !	Come , sir , no more . — Oswald , come here !
But , look you , Cassius , The angry spot doth glow on Caesar ’ s brow , And all the rest look like a chidden train .	But look , Cassius , Caesar looks angry and everyone else looks as if they ’ ve been scolded .
Who cannot want the thought , how monstrous It was for Malcolm and for Donalbain To kill their gracious father ?	Who cannot think how monstrous It was for Malcolm and for Donalbain To kill their gracious father ?
Speak , man .	Speak , man .
Come hither , captain .	Come here , captain .
My lord ?	My lord ?
I have so often blushed to acknowledge him that now I am brazed to it .	I ’ ve had to acknowledge that he ’ s my son so many times that now I can do it without embarrassment .
After so long grief , such nativity !	After such a long period of grief , we will have such a celebration !
Glance at my credit with Hippolyta , Didst thou not lead him through the glimmering night From Perigouna , whom he ravishèd ?	Weren ’ t you the one who made him desert Perigouna in the middle of the night , right after he ’ d raped her ?
Are you a married man or a bachelor ?	Are you a married man or a bachelor ?
And I will purge thy mortal grossness so That thou shalt like an airy spirit go . — Peaseblossom , Cobweb , Moth , and Mustardseed !	And I ’ ll turn you into a spirit like us , so you won ’ t die as humans do . — Come here , Peaseblossom , Cobweb , Moth , and Mustardseed !
I do fear the people Choose Caesar for their king .	I ’ m afraid the people Are going to choose Caesar for their king .
My lord shall never rest , I ’ ll watch him tame and talk him out of patience .	My husband will never get a moment ’ s rest , I ’ ll keep him up at night talking about you until he runs out
By heaven , I do not , I do not , gentlemen .	By heaven , I don ’ t , I don ’ t , gentlemen .
I know you could not lack , I am certain on ’ t , Very necessity of this thought , that I , Your partner in the cause ’ gainst which he fought , Could not with graceful eyes attend those wars Which fronted mine own peace .	You know I would never approve a war against my own cause .
Look you here , Here is himself , marred , as you see , with traitors .	Look at this , here is the man — scarred , as you can see , by traitors .
Oh , I am slain ! — My lord , you have one eye left To see some mischief on him .	I am dying ! — My lord , you still have one eye left to see Cornwall punished .
A play there is , my lord , some ten words long , Which is as brief as I have known a play .	It ’ s a play about ten words long , which is the shortest play I ’ ve ever heard of .
Caesar , thou art revenged , Even with the sword that killed thee .	Caesar , you are revenged with the very same sword that killed you .
You must away tonight .	You ’ ll have to leave tonight .
Shylock , albeit I neither lend nor borrow By taking nor by giving of excess , Yet to supply the ripe wants of my friend , I ’ ll break a custom .	Shylock , although I never lend or borrow with interest , I ’ m willing to break that habit to help a friend in need .
No , some of it is for my child ’ s father .	No , some of it is about my child ’ s father .
Was ’ t you he rescued ?	Was it you that he rescued ?
Nay , but how dearly he adores Mark Antony !	Yes , but how he adores Mark Antony !
Is this the Prince ?	Is this the Prince ?
Pray God it be , sir .	I hope what she ’ s saying is well , sir !
I would it might be hangers till then .	I prefer to call it a “ hanger . ” But anyway .
Tis time I should inform thee farther .	It ’ s time for you to know the whole story .
And may , but how ?	But how ?
The word is too good to paint out her wickedness .	The word is too good to represent her wickedness .
What is it that they do When they change us for others ?	What is it that they do when they exchange us for others ?
What wound did ever heal but by degrees ?	No , it heals gradually .
Let me beseech your grace not to do so .	I beg you not to do this , my lord .
Speak , is ’ t out o ' th ' way ?	Tell me , is it missing ?
Drown 'd , drown 'd .	Drowned , drowned .
Myself am Naples , Who with mine eyes , never since at ebb , beheld The king my father wracked .	I myself am the King of Naples , since I saw with my own eyes — these eyes that haven ’ t been dry since — my father killed in a shipwreck .
Are you ready , sir ?	Are you ready , sir ?
We shall know by this fellow .	This guy will tell us everything .
But what see I ?	But what see what see I ?
Tell him there ’ s a post come from my master with his horn full of good news .	Tell him a messenger has arrived from my master with good news .
Those that will follow Cassius , go with him , And public reasons shall be renderèd Of Caesar ’ s death .	Lead those away who will follow you , and we ’ ll explain publicly the reasons for Caesar ’ s death .
Pompey is strong at sea , And it appears he is beloved of those That only have feared Caesar .	Pompey has a strong navy .
What ?	What ?
Your Grace attended to their sugared words But looked not on the poison of their hearts .	Your Grace heard their saccharine words , but didn ’ t take note of their poisonous intentions .
I will .	I do .
Lorenzo and Salerio , welcome hither , If that the youth of my new interest here Have power to bid you welcome .	Hey , if I lay down my “ Welcome , Lorenzo and Salerio .
There shall I try , In my oration , how the people take The cruel issue of these bloody men , According to the which thou shalt discourse To young Octavius of the state of things .	There I shall test , In my speech , how the people takeThe cruel actions of these bloody men ; Once I know that , you shall tell Young Octavius the state of things .
Come , sir , I pray you , go .	Come on , sir , please .
Ay , or any show that you 'll show him .	Yes , or any show that you 'll show him .
Where is your son ?	Where is your son ?
What is the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
What , will our mother come ?	What , isn ’ t my mother coming ?
You have said , sir .	You ’ re right , sir .
Is the storm overblown ?	Has the storm passed ?
What say you ?	What do you say ?
Remember thee ?	Remember you !
Oh , horrible , oh , horrible , most horrible !	Oh , it ’ s horrible , horrible , so horrible !
Who is 't that can inform me ?	Who is the man who can explain this to me ?
Belike they had some notice of the people How I had moved them .	They probably received warning about how much I stirred up the people .
I think the best grace of wit will shortly turn into silence , and discourse grow commendable in none only but parrots .	I think the best sign of intelligence will soon be silence , and talking will only be a good thing for parrots to do .
Is not this true ?	Don ’ t you think so ?
My lord , you know I love you .	My lord , you know I love you .
Oh , ’ twas a din to fright a monster ’ s ear , To make an earthquake !	Oh , it was a monstrous roar , to make the earth tremble !
And shall I couple hell ?	And shall I join forces hell ?
Sirs , stand you all without .	Sirs , you all wait outside .
We two alone will sing like birds i ' th ' cage .	The two of us together will sing like birds in a cage .
Why , I were best to cut my left hand off And swear I lost the ring defending it .	Why , it would be better if I cut my left hand off , And swear I lost the ring defending it .
Thou shalt be lord of it and I ’ ll serve thee .	You ’ ll be lord of the island then , and I ’ ll be your servant .
I have done , my lord .	I ’ m done , my lord .
What , are we cuckolds ere we have deserved it ?	What , did you cheat on us before we deserved it ?
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my lord .
All myself ?	Am I all alone ?
Ah , Desdemona , away , away , away !	Leave me alone , Desdemona , go away !
How am I then a villain To counsel Cassio to this parallel course , Directly to his good ?	How am I , then , a villain To advise Cassio to this parallel course , Directly to his good ?
Hamlet in madness hath Polonius slain , And from his mother 's closet hath he dragg 'd him .	Hamlet has Polonius slain in insanity , And he has dragged him from his mother 's bedroom .
Well , as you guess ?	Well , what do you guess ?
Sblood , but you will not hear me .	but you ’ re not listening to me .
What says the golden chest ?	What does the golden box say ?
Do all men kill the things they do not love ?	Does everyone kill what they don ’ t love ?
Thou hast seen a farmer ’ s dog bark at a beggar ?	Have you seen a farmer ’ s dog bark at a beggar ?
By this hand , I say ' tis very scurvy , and begin to find myself fopped in it .	No , I say it is very contemptible , and begin to find myself fooled by it .
Happy , in that we are not overhappy .	Happy that we ’ re not too happy , lucky in being not too lucky .
What , my good lord ?	Done what , my good lord ?
She should have died hereafter .	She would have died later anyway .
Your wife , my lord , your true and loyal wife .	Your wife , my lord ; Your true and loyal wife .
When being not at your lodging to be found The Senate hath sent about three several guests To search you out .	When you weren ’ t at home , the Senate sent out three different search parties to find you .
Will you go ?	Will you come with us ?
O , these men , these men !	O , these men , these men !
Not so , my lord .	Oh , that ’ s not true , my lord .
No , indeed are they not .	No , not like before .
And Cassio killed !	And Cassio ’ s killed ?
And the rarest that e 'er came there .	The most beautiful queen they ever had .
No , to Whitefriars .	No , to the Whitefriars monastery .
Then the liars and swearers are fools ; for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them .	Then the liars and swearers are fools , because there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them .
But how hath she Receiv 'd his love ?	But how has she Received his love ?
Master Fer .	Master Fer !
How answer you that ?	What do you think about that ?
He looks gentler than he did .	He looks gentler than he did .
Where is the villain , Edmund ?	Where is the villain , Edmund ?
I ’ ll ride your horse as well as I ride you .	He ’ s just as terrified of Sir Andrew .
That goldsmith there , were he not packed with her , Could witness it , for he was with me then , Who parted with me to go fetch a chain , Promising to bring it to the Porpentine , Where Balthasar and I did dine together .	He left to fetch a necklace and he promised to bring it to the Porcupine , where I was dining with Balthasar .
I will rather sue to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight , so drunken , and so indiscreet an officer .	I will rather seek to be despised than to deceive so good a commander with so slight , so drunken , and so indiscreet an officer .
Come , bustle , bustle .	Hurry , hurry — prepare my horse .
Committed ?	What have you done ?
I would fain prove so .	I would like to prove to you that I am .
Very well .	Very well .
The point envenom 'd too !	The point poisoned too !
I go , I go .	I ’ m going , I ’ m going .
Do so .	Please do .
This was not counterfeit .	That was no show .
Who will go with me ?	Who will go with me ?
I will do everything that thou wilt have me .	I ’ ll do everything she wants me to do .
I will owe thee an answer for that .	I ’ ll get you for that .
When all 's done , You look but on a stool .	When it ’ s all over , You only look at an empty stool .
Sometime a horse I ’ ll be , sometime a hound , A hog , a headless bear , sometime a fire .	Sometimes I ’ ll turn into fire !
Thou hast done a deed — I care not for thy sword , I ’ ll make thee known	I ’ ll tell everyone what you did , even if it
Why , look you now , how unworthy a thing you make of me !	Why , look here , at what an unworthy a thing you make of me !
He 's in his fit now , and does not talk after the wisest .	He 's having a fit now and doesn ’ t talk sense .
The barbarous Scythian , Or he that makes his generation messes To gorge his appetite , shall to my bosom Be as well neighbored , pitied , and relieved As thou my sometime daughter .	Foreign savages who eat their own children for dinner will be as close to my heart as you , ex-daughter of mine .
Think what thou wilt , I am thy lover 's grace ; And like Limander am I trusty still .	Think what you will , I am your lover 's grace ; And like Limander , I am still trusty .
I am to pray you not to strain my speech To grosser issues nor to larger reach Than to suspicion .	Please don ’ t take what I said more seriously than it deserves to be taken .
He hath the falling sickness .	He has epilepsy , a disease where you fall down .
The day is yours .	You won it .
What hast thou to do ? — Father , be quiet .	What business is it of yours ? — Father , be quiet .
Now , what my love is , proof hath made you know ; And as my love is sized , my fear is so .	Now , you know how I love you has been proven to you , And as my love is cannot be measured , so is my fear .
His affections do not that way tend .	His feelings don ’ t move in that direction .
Tis no such matter .	Oh , well .
Where is the rascal cook ?	Where is that moron of a cook ?
But come , your Bergomask ; let your epilogue alone .	But come , your Italian country dance ; forget your epilogue .
And you are come in very happy time To bear my greeting to the senators And tell them that I will not come today .	And you ’ ve come at a good time , so you can convey my greetings to the senators and tell them I won ’ t come today .
Nay , if you strive — But half an hour !	No , if you struggle with me — Just half an hour !
how otherwise ? — Will you be ruled by me ?	How can it be otherwise ?
Ancient , what makes he here ?	Ensign , what is he doing here ?
I have a salt and sorry rheum offends me ; Lend me thy handkerchief .	I have salty and sorry tears that bother me ; Lend me your handkerchief .
That I disdain .	That I won ’ t stand for .
Twere good she were spoken with ; for she may strew Dangerous conjectures in ill-breeding minds .	It would be good she were spoken with , because she May scatter dangerous ideas in rude minds .
I ’ ll to England .	I ’ m going to England .
All hail , great master !	Humble greetings , great master !
Well , God give them wisdom that have it .	Well , we all have our special gifts .
Was ’ t not to this end That thou began ’ st to twist so fine a story ?	Isn ’ t that the reason you told me all this ?
I tell you yet again , Banquo 's buried ; he cannot come out on 's grave .	I tell you yet again , Banquo 's buried ; he cannot come out on his grave .
Dost thou think so , spirit ?	Do you think so , spirit ?
Is he married ?	Is he married ?
O , they did urge it still unto the king .	Oh , they continually urged the king to do it .
Why , he had none .	Why , he had none .
May I with right and conscience make this claim ?	Can I justifiably and in good conscience make this claim ?
From helmet to the spur , all blood he was .	He was covered with blood from his helmet to his spurs .
Let her not walk i ' th ' sun .	Let her not walk in the sun .
I saw him once .	I saw him once .
I do forget .	I forgot .
Up to some scaffold , there to lose their heads .	Advancement to some scaffold , to lose their heads .
A laughter .	A good laugh .
I hope so .	I hope so .
Ho , now you strike like the blind man .	Look at you , thrashing about like a blind man .
Fine apparition !	What a fine sight !
Signor Antonio Commends him to you .	This letter is for you from Signor Antonio .
Between who ?	Between who ?
It is well done and fitting for a princess Descended of so many royal kings .	It is well done , and appropriate for a princess who has descended from so many royal kings .
Truly to speak , and with no addition , We go to gain a little patch of ground That hath in it no profit but the name .	To speak honestly , and with no addition to the facts , We go to gain a little patch of ground That ’ s not worth anything except its name .
Bear me , good friends , where Cleopatra bides .	Carry me , good friends , to where Cleopatra is .
But this is trifling , And all the more it seeks to hide itself The bigger bulk it shows .	But this is a little thing ; And it seeks to hide itself all the more , It shows how big it is .
O you gods !	Oh dear gods !
I wonder if the lion be to speak .	I wonder if the lion ’ s going to talk .
Every day thou daffest me with some device , Iago ; and rather , as it seems to me now , keepest from me all conve- niency than suppliest me with the least advantage of hope .	Every day you get me out of the way with some plan , Iago ; and rather , as it seems to me now , keep from me all convenience than supplies me with the least advantage of hope .
The crowner hath sat on her , and finds it Christian burial .	The coroner has decided , and finds it Christian burial .
The more fool , madonna , to mourn for your brother ’ s soul being in heaven .	Then you ’ re a fool for being sad that your brother ’ s soul is in heaven .
A daughter ?	A daughter ?
Well , let him go .	Well , let him go .
Therefore my son i 'th ’ ooze is bedded , and I 'll seek him deeper than e 'er plummet sounded , And with him there lie mudded .	Therefore my son is embedded in the ooze ; and I 'll seek him deeper than a piece of lead ever measured How deep the water is , and I will lie there with him in the mud .
Oh , that my prayers could such affection move !	If only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection !
I see thee compass 'd with thy kingdom 's pearl That speak my salutation in their minds , Whose voices I desire aloud with mine : Hail , King of Scotland !	I see you surrounded by the finest nobles in the kingdom That speak my greetings by their thoughts , Whose voices I want to hear loudly with mine : Hail , King of Scotland !
If our eyes had authority , here they might take two thieves kissing .	If our eyes were policemen , they might capture two thieves at once while we ’ re embracing .
What players are they ?	Which troupe is it ?
I will be more jealous of thee than a Barbary cock- pigeon over his hen , more clamorous than a parrot against rain , more newfangled than an ape , more giddy in my desires than a monkey .	I ’ ll be more jealous of you than a wild rooster over his hen ; more noisy than a parrot chattering about the rain ; more fond of new things than an ape ; more giddy about getting what I want than a monkey .
Though all the world could see , None could be so abused in sight as he .	The whole world could look at you , and no one would be as blind as he is , thinking you ’ re beautiful .
No watch ?	no guard ?
Come , brands , ho , firebrands .	Come , firebrands , over here !
Not one to throw at a dog .	I don ’ t even have one to throw at a dog .
The king has killed his heart .	The king has broken his heart .
Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful .	You ’ re as wise as you are beautiful .
This disease is beyond my practice .	This disease is beyond my medical skills .
His madness .	His madness .
I will , my lord .	I ’ ll stay , my lord .
Sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours , Makes the night morning , and the noontide night .	Sorrow interrupts all hours and seasons .
Thou never shalt hear herald anymore .	You ’ ll never hear from the herald again .
A holy day shall this be kept hereafter .	Today shall always be remembered as a holy day .
Hold you the watch tonight ?	Are you on duty again tonight ?
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
I ’ ll grow a talker for this gear .	Thank you .
Therefore , as I am bound , Receive it from me .	Therefore , as I am supposed to , Receive it from me .
Come , sir , dispatch .	Come , sir , get going .
In the wars .	From soldiers .
In brief , for so the season bids us be , Prepare thy battle early in the morning , And put thy fortune to the arbitrament Of bloody strokes and mortal-staring war .	To be brief — as the occasion requires — prepare to fight early in the morning , when your future will be decided .
Mine eyes do itch , Doth that bode weeping ?	My eyes itch — is that an omen I ’ ll be crying soon ?
Or , rather , do I not in plainest truth Tell you I do not nor I cannot love you ?	Or , rather , do I not , in plainest truth , Tell you I do not and cannot love you ?
Companion , hence !	Get out of here , my friend .
You taught me first to beg , and now methinks You teach me how a beggar should be answered .	First you taught me how to beg , and now I think you ’ re teaching me how a beggar should be answered .
Which of them shall I take ?	Which one of them should I pick ?
Come , come , wrestle with thy affections .	Come on , take control of your feelings .
Go fetch fire .	Go , go get fire .
A drum , a drum !	A drum , a drum !
A most unhappy one .	Yes , unfortunately .
The fault of it I ’ ll answer .	I ’ ll take responsibility for it .
O , let her live , And I ’ ll corrupt her manners , stain her beauty , Slander myself as false to Edward ’ s bed , Throw over her the veil of infamy .	Oh , let her live , and I ’ ll ruin her manners and her beauty .
The gods defend him from so great a shame !	The gods protect him from so great a shame !
God be wi ' you , sir .	God be with you , sir .
But who comes here ?	Now what ?
Upon my life , by some device or other The villain is o 'erraught of all my money .	I swear , somehow the fool has been cheated out of all my money .
Do you see this , O God ?	I didn ’ t see them .
Troth , my lord , I have played the part of Lady Fame .	Yes , my lord , I played the part of a gossip and brought him the news .
They must lie there .	They must lie there .
Hear the noble Antony .	Listen to the noble Antony .
A many of our bodies shall no doubt Find native graves , upon the which , I trust , Shall witness live in brass of this day ’ s work .	And on their graves , I trust , the story of this day ’ s work will be written in brass .
O lady , speak again !	O lady , speak again !
What news ?	What ’ s the news ?
Then put up your pipes in your bag , for I 'll away .	Then put your pipes away in your bag , because I 'm leaving .
Eternity was in our lips and eyes , Bliss in our brows ’ bent , none our parts so poor But was a race of heaven .	You saw eternity in my lips and eyes , and happiness in the arch of my eyebrows .
I ’ ll unhair thy head !	I ’ ll scalp you .
She hath directed How I shall take her from her father 's house ; What gold and jewels she is furnish 'd with ; What page 's suit she hath in readiness .	She has made a plan of How I shall take her from her father 's house ; What gold and jewels she has ; What boy 's suit she has ready .
No .	No .
Not a soul But felt a fever of the mad and played Some tricks of desperation .	There wasn ’ t a soul that Only felt a fever of the madness and played Some tricks out of desperation .
You are welcome , sir , to Cyprus .	Welcome to Cyprus .
Marry , my uncle Clarence ' angry ghost .	My uncle Clarence ’ s angry ghost .
I must not say no .	I can ’ t say no .
Thou ' rt mad to say it .	You must be crazy to say that !
O wonderful son that can so ’ stonish a mother !	Oh , what a wonderful son , I can impress my mother !
Will you cover , then , sir ?	Will you cover , then , sir ?
What !	What !
Good morrow , Lieutenant Bardolph .	Good day , Lieutenant Bardolph .
I ’ ll not trust your word .	I don ’ t trust you .
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain .	She was too fond of her very filthy bargain .
gives me the lie i ' the throat , As deep as to the lungs ?	Lies about me in the throat As deep as the lungs ?
Leave it to his discretion , and let us listen to the moon .	Let ’ s listen to the moon .
But tell me , is young George Stanley living ?	But , tell me , is young George Stanley alive ?
If die , be brief , That our swift-wingèd souls may catch the king ’ s , Or , like obedient subjects , follow him To his new kingdom of ne 'er-changing night .	If you ’ re going to die , be quick about it so you can catch the king ’ s departing soul or follow him , like obedient subjects , to his new kingdom of endless night .
O , bear him out o ' the air .	O , carry him out of the air .
If this which he avouches does appear , There is nor flying hence nor tarrying here .	If this which he swears does appear , There is no flying from here or wasting time here .
Alas , poor hurt fowl , now will he creep into sedges .	Oh , the poor bird .
Draw the curtains — so , so , so .	Draw the curtains , just like that .
Better be with the dead , Whom we , to gain our peace , have sent to peace , Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy .	We killed those men and sent them to rest in peace so that we could gain our own peace .
What , is the fellow mad ?	What , is the fellow mad ?
Did he not rather Discredit my authority with yours , And make the wars alike against my stomach , Having alike your cause ?	He rejected my authority as much as yours .
Why , how now , Hamlet ?	Why , how can you , Hamlet !
Wilt thou go with me ?	Will you go with me ?
If thou dost bend and pray and fawn for him , I spurn thee like a cur out of my way .	If you do bend , and pray , and play up to me for him , I reject you out of my way like a stray dog .
I have heard it said so .	I heard someone say that ’ s what it means .
The terms of our estate may not endure Hazard so dangerous as doth hourly grow Out of his lunacies .	As king , I cannot risk the danger he represents as he grows crazier by the hour .
The Wood of Birnam .	The wood of Birnam .
To have no man come over me !	You certainly deserve it .
Look , where thy love comes .	Look , here comes the woman you love .
If this be so , why blame you me to love you ?	Since you know all this is true , why do you blame me for loving you ?
And why , sir , must they so ?	Why , sir , must he ?
Ay , every inch a king .	Yes , every inch a king .
I should first tell thee how the Prince , Claudio and my master , planted and placed and possessed by my master Don John , saw afar off in the orchard this amiable encounter .	I should backtrack and begin with how my master , Don John , arranged for the Prince , Claudio , and himself to witness this friendly encounter from the orchard .
But what is your affair in Elsinore ?	What are you doing here in Elsinore ?
Who of my people hold him in delay ?	Who ’ s talking to him now ?
That ’ s my noble master !	That ’ s noble of you , master .
Wherefore ?	Why ?
No , no , he is dead ; Go to thy deathbed ; He never will come again .	No , no , he is dead , Go to your death-bed , He never will come again .
I am glad to see you well . — Horatio ?	Nice to see you again , Horatio — that is your name , right ?
Demetrius thinks not so .	Demetrius doesn ’ t think so , and that ’ s all that matters .
E 'en so , my lord .	Just as bad , my lord .
O , in the battle think on Buckingham , And die in terror of thy guiltiness .	Oh , no .
We may effect this business yet ere day .	We still have time to get all of this done before daybreak .
No , I am promised forth .	No , I have a commitment .
I know it is the sun that shines so bright .	I know it ’ s the sun that shines so bright .
When we shall meet at compt , This look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven , And fiends will snatch at it .	When we shall meet at elegance , This look of yours will hurl my soul from heaven , And devil will scratch at it .
As much unto my good Lord Chamberlain .	The same to you , my lord !
I will not stay tonight for all the town .	I wouldn ’ t stay here tonight for the entire town .
Shall they see us ?	Shall they see us ?
Come , Cassius ' sword , and find Titinius ' heart .	Come , Cassius ' sword , and find Titinius ' heart .
A ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats , And for the same he promised me a chain .	He has a ring of mine , worth forty ducats , and he promised to give me a necklace in exchange for it .
So shall I hope your virtues Will bring him to his wonted way again , To both your honours .	I really hope your virtues Will bring him to his usual way again , To the honor of both of you .
I am hers .	And I ’ m her father as well .
A friendly eye could never see such faults .	A friend would never see those faults .
Within my tent his bones tonight shall lie Most like a soldier , ordered honorably .	His body will lie in my tent tonight , with the honorable observance that suits a soldier .
You should not have believed me ; for virtue cannot so inoculate our old stock but we shall relish of it .	You should not have believed me , for virtue can ’ t graft a new plant onto our old stock but we shall relish of it .
I shall remember .	I ’ ll remember .
To feed my humor , wish thyself no harm .	If you want to make me happy , don ’ t wish yourself harm .
I am constant to my purpose .	I ’ ll do whatever the king wants .
Ay , do .	Oh , fine .
What may she not ?	She could even what ?
And so the lion vanished .	So the lion disappeared .
Do you love me ?	Do you love me ?
What think you of this fool , Malvolio ?	What do you think of this fool , Malvolio ?
It hath no tongue to vex you .	It won ’ t annoy you like me , because it doesn ’ t have a voice .
Now , ' mongst this flock of drunkards , Am I to put our Cassio in some action That may offend the isle .	Now , among this flock of drunkards , I am make our Cassio do some action That may offend the isle .
Searching the window for a flint I found This paper thus seal 'd up , and I am sure It did not lie there when I went to bed .	Searching the window for a match , I found This paper sealed up like this , and I ’ m sure It wasn ’ t there when I went to bed .
If thou consider rightly of the matter , Caesar has had great wrong .	If you rightly think about the matter , Caesar has had great wrong done to him .
Nay , that 's certain .	No , that 's certain .
I hear horses .	I hear horses .
Hast thou slain him , then ?	Have you slain him , then ?
Come , hang them on this line .	Here , hang them on this clothesline .
Those his goodly eyes , That o ’ er the files and musters of the war Have glowed like plated Mars , now bend , now turn The office and devotion of their view Upon a tawny front .	His eyes used to glow with pride when he reviewed his troops .
For your part , To you our swords have leaden points , Mark Antony ; Our arms in strength of malice , and our hearts Of brothers ' temper , do receive you in With all kind love , good thoughts , and reverence .	For your part , Our swords have leaden points to you , Mark Antony ; Our arms in strength of friendship , and our hearts Of brotherly disposition , receive you With all kind love , good thoughts , and reverence .
You !	You !
Be assured We go to use our hands and not our tongues .	Rest assured that we ’ re going there to use our hands , not our tongues .
Tis a shrewd doubt , though it be but a dream .	It ’ s a reason for suspicion , even though it ’ s just a dream .
his sword , Which was declining on the milky head Of reverend Priam , seem 'd i ' the air to stick .	his sword , Which was declining on the milky head Of reverend Priam , seemed in the air to stick .
I will here be with thee presently , and if I bring thee not something to eat , I will give thee leave to die .	I ’ ll be back soon , and if I haven ’ t brought you anything to eat , I will give you permission to die .
All the conspirators , save only he , Did that they did in envy of great Caesar ; He only , in a general honest thought And common good to all , made one of them .	All the conspirators , except him , Did that they did out of jealousy of great Caesar ; Only he , in a general-honest thought And common good to all , made one of them .
It is too late .	It ’ s too late .
And therefore is he idle ?	Does that mean he ’ s lazy ?
All other devils that suggest by treasons Do botch and bungle up damnation With patches , colors , and with forms being fetched From glist 'ring semblances of piety .	and patches of righteousness .
Sweet lady , you have given me life , and living ; For here I read for certain , that my ships Are safely come to road .	Sweet lady , you have given me life and living , Because here I read for certain that my ships Have safely come home .
My lord , he ’ s going to his mother ’ s closet .	My lord , Hamlet ’ s going to his mother ’ s room .
My lord , his Majesty commended him to you by young Osric , who brings back to him that you attend him in the hall .	My lord , his majesty sent a message to you by young Osric , who tells him that you will meet him in the hall .
to Gonzalo &ket; First , noble friend , &bra; to Gonzalo &ket; First , noble friend , Let me embrace thine age , whose honour cannot Be measured or confined .	First , noble friend , Let me embrace you , whose honor can ’ t Be measured or confined .
I am woe for 't , sir .	I am very sorry about it , sir .
Well then , if ever I thank any man , I ’ ll thank you .	Well then , if I ’ ve ever thanked a man , I ’ ll thank you now .
So .	So .
Then cursed she Hastings .	She cursed Hastings then .
No .	Well , I don ’ t .
Tis a fault I will not change for your best virtue .	Well , it ’ s a fault I wouldn ’ t trade for your best virtue .
Consider then , we come but in despite .	Consider then that we come but in scorn .
I am agreed , and would I had given him the best horse inv Padua to begin his wooing that would thoroughly woo her , wed her , and bed her , and rid the house of her !	This imaginary suitor for Katherina — I ’ d buy him the best horse in Padua if he ’ d get here quickly , woo her , marry her , take her to bed , and rid the house of her .
Gone , sir .	Gone , sir .
Lucius , awake .	Lucius , wake up !
How now , cousin Hero !	How are you , Hero ?
Tell us the manner of it , gentle Casca .	Tell us how it happened , noble Casca .
The noise they make Will cause Demetrius to awake .	The noise they make Will cause Demetrius to awake .
I thank his Grace .	Lord Hastings , you and he are close .
I am poisoned .	I ’ ve been poisoned .
Here comes Lorenzo .	Here comes Lorenzo .
Give me the daggers .	Give me the daggers .
The handkerchief !	The handkerchief !
Why , your lieutenant , Cassio .	Why , your lieutenant , Cassio .
And to run away from the Jew I should be ruled by the fiend , who , saving your reverence , is the devil himself .	But if I ran away from the Jew , I ’ d be following the advice of the devil , who ’ s the very devil himself .
I afeard of him !	I can ’ t believe I was scared of him !
With all my heart . — Some three or four of you Go give him courteous conduct to this place . — Meantime the court shall hear Bellario ’ s letter .	With all my heart . — Three or four of you go welcome him . — In the meantime , I ’ ll read Bellario ’ s letter out loud .
God witness with me , I have wept for thine .	With God as my witness , I swear I have wept for yours .
make haste ; thou know 'st where I will tarry .	Hurry : you know where I ’ ll wait for you .
Let me see your eyes .	Let me see your eyes .
O fool !	O fool !
That handkerchief thou speak 'st of I found by fortune and did give my husband ; For often with a solemn earnestness , More than indeed belong 'd to such a trifle , He begg 'd of me to steal it .	That handkerchief you speak of I found by luck and gave it to my husband ; Because , he begged me to steal it Often with a solemn earnestness , More than , indeed , belonged to such a trifle .
Ay .	Yes indeed .
Did you see him ?	Did you see him ?
A substitute shines brightly as a king Until a king be by , and then his state Empties itself , as doth an inland brook Into the main of waters .	A governor shines as brightly as a king until a king is near by , and the governor suddenly looks like a nobody .
Dost thou hear ?	You understand ?
This , Casca ; this , Cinna ; and this , Metellus Cimber .	This , Casca ; this , Cinna , and this , Metellus Cimber .
Calphurnia ’ s cheek is pale , and Cicero Looks with such ferret and such fiery eyes As we have seen him in the Capitol Being crossed in conference by some senators .	Calphurnia ’ s face is pale , and Cicero ’ s eyes are as red and fiery as they get when senators are arguing with him at the Capitol .
The best news is that we have safely found Our King and company ; the next , our ship , Which but three glasses since we gave out split , Is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when We first put out to sea .	The best news is that we have safely found Our king and company : the next , our ship , — Which only three hours ago was wrecked , we thought — Is water-tight and ready , and bravely rigged as when We first put out to sea .
What name , fair lady ?	What name , madam ?
Wouldst thou have that Which thou esteem ’ st the ornament of life , And live a coward in thine own esteem , Letting “ I dare not ” wait upon “ I would , ” Like the poor cat i ' th ' adage ?	You ’ re like the poor cat in the old story .
A hit , a very palpable hit .	A hit , a hit that was felt .
It may be so , my lord .	That may be true , my lord .
God be wi ' you .	Goodbye .
How if the kiss be denied ?	What if she won ’ t kiss me ?
Fare thee well .	Goodbye .
A friend .	A friend .
Will it be ever thus ?	Are you always going to be like this ?
Make your best use of this .	Make the best use of this information you can .
No way but this , Killing myself , to die upon a kiss .	No way but this , Killing myself , to die on a kiss .
Dismount thy tuck , be yare in thy preparation , for thy assailant is quick , skillful and deadly .	Draw your sword and get on your toes , because your assailant is quick , skillful , and deadly .
Did you converse , sir , with this gentlewoman ?	Did you talk with this woman ?
Waking &ket; And run through fire I will for thy sweet sake .	And I will run through fire , I will , for your sweet sake .
Why does the world report that Kate doth limp ?	Why does the world report that Kate is lame ?
What is thy will with her ?	What is your wish with regard to her ?
O these deliberate fools !	Oh , these deliberate fools !
How will you live ?	How are you going to live ?
Now , sir , what make you here ?	Hey , you !
My liege , here is a villain and a traitor , that , look your Grace , has struck the glove which your Majesty is take out of the helmet of Alençon .	My liege , this man is a villain and a traitor , who — see , your Grace — has struck the glove which your Majesty took from Alençon ’ s helmet .
You have no stomach , Signior .	You don ’ t want to eat , sir ?
That , methinks , is strange .	I think that ’ s strange .
Lives , sir .	He lives , sir .
Provoke him that he may .	Try to get him to do that .
Kent , sir , the banished Kent , who in disguise Followed his enemy king and did him service Improper for a slave .	It was Kent , sir , the exiled Kent , who , after the king treated him like an enemy of the state , put on a disguise and followed his king , carrying out tasks unworthy of even a slave .
None of noble sort Would so offend a virgin , and extort A poor soul 's patience , all to make you sport .	None of the noble sort Would so offend a virgin and try A poor soul 's patience , all to make you laugh .
Fellow , come from the throng ; look upon Caesar .	Fellow , come here ; look at Caesar .
The will !	The will !
Thus have I , wall , my part discharged so ; And , being done , thus Wall away doth go .	So I , wall , have discharged my part ; And , being done , Wall goes away like this .
And thou , all-shaking thunder , Smite flat the thick rotundity o ' th ' world , Crack nature ’ s molds , all germens spill at once That make ingrateful man !	Let thunder flatten the spherical world , crack open all the molds from which nature forms human beings , and spill all the seeds from which ungrateful humans grow !
Lead the way .	Show us the way .
How now , Cassio !	How are you , Cassio !
Is it a custom ?	Is that a tradition ?
He is not here .	But he isn ’ t here now .
So to most noble Caesar .	And to you , most noble Caesar .
And I do think , or else this brain of mine Hunts not the trail of policy so sure As it hath used to do , that I have found The very cause of Hamlet 's lunacy .	And I do think — or else this brain of mine Doesn ’ t know the trail of policy as surely As it used to do — , that I have found The very cause of Hamlet 's lunacy .
O , you give me ill counsel .	Oh , you ’ re a naughty one , encouraging double-dealing .
We 'll hear a play to-morrow .	we 'll hear a play tomorrow .
Where , where , Messala , doth his body lie ?	Where is his body , Messala ?
I took him sleeping — that is finished too — And the Athenian woman by his side , That , when he waked , of force she must be eyed .	Yes , I found him when he was asleep — so that ’ s taken care of too — and the Athenian woman was sleeping near him .
Alack , poor gentleman !	Oh , the poor man !
And nothing is at a like goodness still .	Damn it !
For several virtues Have I liked several women .	But with you it ’ s different .
Even just the sum that I do owe to you Is growing to me by Antipholus .	Antipholus owes me the exact amount that I owe you .
Who else should be ?	Who else should it be ?
All which we pine for now .	Those are the things we pine for now .
Dian 's bud o 'er Cupid 's flower Hath such force and blessed power .	The bud from the Moon-goddess ’ plant Has such force and blessed power over Cupid 's flower .
What you have spoke , it may be so perchance .	What you have spoken may be so perhaps .
For mine own good All causes shall give way .	For my own good , All other problems will have to wait .
Why then , the beef , and let the mustard rest .	Well then , the beef without the mustard .
I remember him well ; and I remember him worthy of thy praise .	I remember him well , and I remember him worthy of your praise .
Why do you make such faces ?	Why are you making these faces ?
Ah , how much might the man deserve of me that would right her !	Oh , the man who avenged her could ask anything of me !
How is it that the clouds still hang on you ?	How is it that the clouds still hang on you ?
Come , go we to the King ; our power is ready ; Our lack is nothing but our leave .	Come , let ’ s go to the king ; our power is ready ; The only thing is missing is our leaving .
A great perturbation in nature , to receive at once the benefit of sleep and do the effects of watching !	A great disturbance in nature , to receive at once the benefit of sleep , and do things as if awake .
Thou shalt be whipped with wire and stewed in brine , Smarting in ling ’ ring pickle !	I ’ ll have you whipped with wire and soaked in brine like a pickle , making your pain linger .
A ripe age .	A mature age .
Why dost thou not go to church in a galliard and come home in a coranto ?	Why don ’ t you go off to church dancing one way , and come home dancing another way ?
I charge thee , hence , and do not haunt me thus .	I ’ m telling you , get out of here , and don ’ t follow me around like this .
The princess is the better Englishwoman . — I ' faith , Kate , my wooing is fit for thy understanding .	Kate , my wooing is fit for your understanding : I am glad your English isn ’ t better .
He was not merry , Which seemed to tell them his remembrance lay In Egypt with his joy , but between both .	He was somewhere in the middle , between them . . .
What should such fellows as I do crawling between earth and heaven ?	Why should people like me be crawling around between earth and heaven ?
Let ’ s follow .	Let ’ s follow them .
What mar you then , sir ?	Well , then , what are you messing up ?
I ’ gin to be aweary of the sun And wish the estate o ’ the world were now undone .	I begin to be weary of the sun , And I wish the order the world were now destroyed .
Come , some music !	Come on , music !
The King 's a-bed .	The king 's in bed .
Hold , sir , here ’ s my purse .	Hang on a minute , here ’ s some money for you .
Cesario is your servant ’ s name , fair princess .	Cesario is my name — your servant ’ s name — fair princess .
Are we all met ?	Are we all here ?
So is he now in execution Of any bold or noble enterprise , However he puts on this tardy form .	So he is now in getting any bold or Noble job done ; However , he pretends to be slow in nature .
Here is the scroll of every man 's name , which is thought fit , through all Athens , to play in our interlude before the duke and the duchess on his wedding-day at night .	Here is the list of every man 's name , who are thought to be the best in all Athens , to play in our play before the duke and duchess at night on their wedding-day .
It is , my lord .	It is , my lord .
No .	No .
Out o 'th ’ moon , I do assure thee : I was the man i 'th ’ moon when time was .	Out of the moon , I assure you : I was the Man in the Moon , a long time ago .
Look , here comes Helena .	Look , here comes Helena .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
But is this law ?	But how ?
Where died she ?	Where did she die ?
No , I pray thee speak in sober judgment .	No , please , speak seriously .
So do our vulgar drench their peasant limbs In blood of princes , and the wounded steeds Fret fetlock deep in gore , and with wild rage Yerk out their armèd heels at their dead masters , Killing them twice .	Likewise , our common men lie drenched in the blood of princes , and their wounded steeds , ankle-deep in gore , struggle and , raging wildly , stamp on their dead masters with their hooves , killing them a second time .
By your leave , hostess .	Whenever you ’ re ready , hostess .
I am ready now .	I ’ m ready now .
Most noble Caesar !	Most noble Caesar !
They ’ ll mar my counterfeiting .	Bless your heart .
He comes , my lord .	Here he comes , my lord .
And even the like precurse of feared events , As harbingers preceding still the fates And prologue to the omen coming on , Have heaven and earth together demonstrated Unto our climature and countrymen .	And like similar forecasters of fierce events , As the advance team before the fates , And prologue to the omen coming on , Heaven and earth have together demonstrated To our country and countrymen .
Pray thee , marry us .	Please , marry us .
And here ’ s a marvelous convenient place for our rehearsal .	This is the perfect place to rehearse .
Marry , heaven forbid !	God forbid !
Not a hair perished ; On their sustaining garments not a blemish , But fresher than before ; and as thou bad 'st me , In troops I have dispersed them ’ bout the isle .	Not even a hair died ; Not a spot on their clothing , But fresher than they were before , and , as you ordered me , I have dispersed them in groups around the island .
Then , is there the county Palatine .	Then there is the Count Palatine .
What think you of the Scottish lord , his neighbor ?	What do you think of his neighbor , the Scottish lord ?
Passion , I see , is catching , for mine eyes , Seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine , Began to water .	Grief seems to be contagious , for my eyes , seeing the tears in yours , began to fill .
Yes , and shall do till the pangs of death shake him .	Yes , and he ’ ll keep getting funnier till he dies .
Know we this face or no ?	Do we know this face or not ?
Let us quit all And give our vineyards to a barbarous people .	Let us leave everything and give our vineyards to the barbarous nation .
Since this fortune falls to you , Be content and seek no new .	Since this prize is yours , Be happy with it , and don ’ t look for a new one .
To show our simple skill , That is the true beginning of our end .	To show our simple skill , That is the true beginning of our end .
He unlocks the golden casket &ket; &bra; He unlocks the golden casket &ket; O hell !	Oh , hell !
My lord is not my lord , nor should I know him Were he in favor as in humor altered .	If his face changed as much as his personality has , I wouldn ’ t recognize him .
By the world , I think my wife be honest , and think she is not ; I think that thou art just , and think thou art not .	By the world , I think my wife is honest , and think she is not ; I think that you are just , and think you are not .
Come hither , good Volumnius , list a word .	Come here , good Volumnius ; listen to a few words .
Oh , strange !	Oh , how strange !
Where learned you this , Fool ?	Where did you learn that song , Fool ?
Rather make My country ’ s high pyramides my gibbet And hang me up in chains !	I ’ d rather be hung in chains from one of our pyramids !
Hie thee , gentle Jew .	Hurry up , my Jewish friend .
The other half comes to the general state , Which humbleness may drive unto a fine .	The other half goes to the state .
For lo !	Behold !
Would it not make one weep ?	Wouldn ’ t it make one weep ?
You , mistress , all this coil is long of you .	All this fighting is because of you .
The third part , then , is drunk .	Then a third of the world is drunk .
Yet would I knew That stroke would prove the worst !	But I wish I could say that ’ s the last time he ’ ll do it !
Peace then !	Silence , then !
My services which I have done the signiory Shall out-tongue his complaints .	The services I have done for the Venetian government will count for more than his complaints will .
Your lady , sir , your lady .	Your wife , sir , your wife .
He hath brought many captives home to Rome , Whose ransoms did the general coffers fill .	Caesar brought many captives home to Rome , Whose ransoms filled the national treasury .
Yet am I noble as the adversary I come to cope withal .	But I ’ m as noble as my opponent .
Your fat king and your lean beggar is but variable service , two dishes , but to one table .	Your fat king and your lean beggar interchangeable , two dishes but for one table .
Ay , madam , it is common .	Oh , ho !
If I let him go , The debt he owes will be required of me .	If I let him go , I ’ ll have to pay his bail fees myself .
There , my blessing with thee .	There , my blessing with you !
Fairies , away .	Fairies , let ’ s go .
You are welcome , sir .	You are welcome , sir .
Away !	Get away from me !
Was ever man so ' rayed ?	Was a man ever as dirty as me ?
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
To offend , and judge , are distinct offices , And of opposed natures .	To insult and judge are different things , And of opposite natures .
How now !	What ’ s going on ?
I am now from home , and out of that provision Which shall be needful for your entertainment .	Right now I ’ m away from home and I can ’ t provide you with proper care .
This is the fruits of whoring .	This is what happens when you visit whores .
If you will take a homely man ’ s advice , Be not found here .	If you ’ ll take a simple man ’ s advice , don ’ t be here when it arrives .
How may we try it further ?	What can we do to find out if it ’ s true ?
Come not near Casca .	Don ’ t go near Casca .
I hid me under the dead mooncalf ’ s gaberdine for fear of the storm .	I hid under this monster ’ s cloak to get out of the storm .
Let go thy hold when a great wheel runs down a hill , lest it break thy neck with following it .	When you see a huge wheel rolling down a hill , you shouldn ’ t try to hold on to it or it ’ ll break your neck .
No more , I pray thee ; I am half afeard , Thou wilt say anon he is some kin to thee , Thou spend 'st such high-day wit in praising him .	No more , please ; I am half afraid You will now say he is related to you , You spend such so many words in praising him .
I am but hurt .	I am only hurt .
Fear it , Ophelia .	Watch out , Ophelia .
Though all things foul would wear the brows of grace , Yet grace must still look so .	Even though everything evil wants to look good , good still has to look good too .
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
What might import my sister ’ s letter to him ?	What could my sister ’ s letter to him say ?
I am constant to my purposes ; they follow the King 's pleasure .	I am true to my intentions ; they follow the king 's pleasure .
To anger him , we ’ ll have the bear again , and we will fool him black and blue .	We ’ ll have another bear-baiting just to make him angry , and we ’ ll mock him till he ’ s black and blue .
Things without all remedy Should be without regard .	Problems with no solutions Should not be thought about .
I know you are of her bosom .	I know she trusts you and tells you everything .
I have performed Your pleasure and my promise .	I have done your bidding and fulfilled my promise .
If that thou be 'st a devil , I cannot kill thee .	If you are a devil , I cannot kill you .
It pleases your Worship to say so , but we are the poor duke ’ s officers .	Thank you for saying that , your Worship , but we ’ re just the poor duke ’ s officers .
I do believe that these applauses are For some new honors that are heaped on Caesar .	I think this applause is for some new honors awarded to Caesar .
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves . ” I will assume desert . — Give me a key for this , And instantly unlock my fortunes here .	He who chooses me will get what he deserves . ” I ’ ll assume I deserve the very best . — Give me a key for this one .
Thou baggage , let me in .	You good-for-nothing , let me in .
She ’ ll close and be herself whilst our poor malice Remains in danger of her former tooth .	It will heal and be as good as new , and we ’ ll be threatened by its fangs once again .
I would not be cured , youth .	I don ’ t want to be cured , boy .
What should I do I do not ?	What should I do that I ’ m not doing ?
You shall have wine enough , my lord , anon .	You ’ ll have wine enough , my lord , soon .
Who calls ?	Who calls ?
The King comes here tonight .	The king comes here tonight .
God keep me from false friends , but they were none .	God should keep me from false friends , but they weren ’ t false .
Thou worms ' meat in respect of a good piece of flesh , indeed .	You are about as much of a thinker as worm ’ s meat is a nice steak .
I am sorry to find you thus .	I ’ m sorry to find you like this .
With anger , with sickness , or with hunger , my lord , not with love .	With anger , with fever , or with hunger , sure , my friend , but never sick with love .
Come hither , sirrah .	Come here , boy .
No noise , and enter .	Be silent and go in .
And mine shall .	I will too .
And with my hand I seal my true heart ’ s love .	On my honor , I swear I love Rivers with all my heart .
Demetrius loves her , and he loves not you .	Demetrius loves her , and he doesn ’ t love you .
Grieve not that I am fall 'n to this for you , For herein Fortune shows herself more kind Than is her custom .	Don ’ t be sad that this happened because of you , because Lady Luck ’ s been nicer to me than usual .
It is the bright day that brings forth the adder And that craves wary walking .	Evil can come from good , just as poisonous snakes tend to come out into the open on bright sunny days — which means we have to walk carefully .
Nay , do not quarrel with us , good old man .	Come on , don ’ t quarrel with us , good old man .
Get you a place .	Take your seat .
An angel is like you , Kate , and you are like an angel .	Pardon me but I do not know what is “ like me . ” An angel is like you , Kate , and you are like an angel .
Knock , I say .	Knock .
I know , Iago , Thy honesty and love doth mince this matter , Making it light to Cassio .	I know , Iago , Your honesty and love minimize this matter , Making it easier for Cassio .
My Lord High Constable , the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .	My Lord High Constable , the English lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .
Or came it by request , and such fair question As soul to soul affordeth ?	Or did she ask for them , with such a beautiful question As soul to soul allows ?
Tis much he dares , And , to that dauntless temper of his mind , He hath a wisdom that doth guide his valor To act in safety .	He has the courage to do a lot , And , in that unconquerable temper of his mind , He has a wisdom that guides his courage To act in safety .
He will to his Egyptian dish again .	He ’ ll go back to his Egyptian dish .
On thy love , I charge thee .	Answer me .
He is all the mother ’ s , from the top to toe .	He ’ s his mother ’ s child from head to toe .
An thou hadst been set i ' th ' stocks for that question , thou ’ dst well deserved it .	If they ’ d put you in the stocks for asking that question , you would ’ ve deserved it .
We will speak further .	We ’ ll have to speak more .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
It is twice blessed : It blesseth him that gives and him that takes .	It blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives it .
Did you not speak to it ?	Didn ’ t you talk to it ?
Tis expressly against the law of arms .	It ’ s expressly against the rules of combat .
This disturbed sky Is not to walk in .	This disturbed sky Isn ’ t one to walk in .
Tis better thee without than he within .	It is better with you out here than he inside the hall .
Have you no modesty , no maiden shame , No touch of bashfulness ?	Don ’ t you have any modesty , any maiden shame , Any touch of bashfulness ?
You were to blame , I must be plain with you , To part so slightly with your wife 's first gift ; A thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger , And so riveted with faith unto your flesh .	You are to blame , — I must be plain with you , — To part so quickly with your wife 's first gift , A thing stuck on your finger with oaths , And so nailed with faith to your flesh with faith .
Why , then ' tis none to you ; for there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so .	Why , then it is not a prison to you , for there is nothing either good or bad but only thinking makes it so .
Ay .	Yes .
Come , throw it o 'er my face .	Come , put it over my face .
Faith , her privates we .	God , we are her privates .
Yea , even I alone .	Yes , I am the one .
In Kent , my liege , the Guilfords are in arms , And every hour more competitors Flock to the rebels , and their power grows strong .	The news I have to tell your majesty is that Buckingham ’ s army has dispersed from sudden floods and heavy rainfall .
By Cheshu , he will maintain his argument as well as any military man in the world in the disciplines of the pristine wars of the Romans .	By Jesus , he will defend his position on the practices of the ancient Roman wars as well as any military man in the world .
He is ready at the door : he comes , my lord .	He is ready at the door ; he comes , my lord .
But do you hear , sir , have you married my daughter without asking my goodwill ?	But sir , have you married my daughter without my consent ?
Myself ?	Myself ?
No , none that thou hast wit enough to make .	No , none that you have sense enough to make .
Trouble yourselves no further .	Don ’ t spend any more time here .
I do beseech your Grace pardon me , Who , earnest in the service of my God , Deferred the visitation of my friends .	I beg you to pardon me .
If she lives till doomsday , she ’ ll burn a week longer than the whole world .	Even if she lives till the end of the world , she ’ d keep burning an additional week .
He will stay till you come .	He will stay until you come .
Stay on thy peril ; I alone will go .	Stay here at your own risk ; I will go on alone .
Why should Titania cross her Oberon ?	Why would Titania want to argue with her Oberon ?
Stay , stand apart .	Wait , don ’ t stand next to each other .
Marry , at the very next turning turn of no hand , but turn down indirectly to the Jew ’ s house .	Oh , and then at the very next turn , don ’ t turn left or right , but turn down and around to the Jew ’ s house .
How dost thou and thy master agree ?	How do you and your master get along ?
Didst thou see any thing ?	Did you see anything ?
None , my lord , but that the world 's grown honest .	None , my lord , but that the world 's grown honest .
away !	Away !
I will lay trust upon thee , and thou shalt find a dearer father in my love .	I put my trust in you .
Take him hence .	Take him away .
Alas , she hath from France too long been chased , And all her husbandry doth lie on heaps , Corrupting in its own fertility .	Alas , she has been too long exiled from France , whose crops all lie in heaps , rotting with ripeness .
Shall no man else be touch 'd but only Caesar ?	Shall any other man be killed besides Caesar ?
Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it , As needful in our loves , fitting our duty ?	Don ’ t you agree that we owe it to him to tell him about this , out of duty and love ?
I do not bid thee call .	I ’ m not asking you to call her .
But I do think it is their husbands ' faults If wives do fall .	But I do think it ’ s the husband ’ s fault if we wives cheat on them .
I am not treacherous .	I am not treacherous .
The order was reversed .	But I reversed the death sentence .
What you have charged me with , that have I done — And more , much more .	I ’ ve done everything you accuse me of — and more , much more .
Now follow , if thou darest , to try whose right , Of thine or mine , is most in Helena .	Follow me if you ’ re brave enough , and we ’ ll fight over Helena .
If thou canst love me for this , take me .	If you can love me for this , take me .
There was a pretty redness in his lip , A little riper and more lusty red Than that mixed in his cheek : ’ twas just the difference Betwixt the constant red and mingled damask .	His lips were nice and red , a little more lively and passionate than the red that was in his cheeks — one was pure red and the other more pink .
Your letters did withhold our breaking forth Till we perceived both how you were wrong led And we in negligent danger .	I didn ’ t write about breaking the alliance with Antony until I saw you were being misled and realized how dangerous it would be to keep postponing preparations .
That I distrust you .	That I don ’ t trust you .
But oh , how oddly will it sound that I Must ask my child forgiveness !	But oh , how odd it is to have to ask for my child ’ s forgiveness !
No such matter !	That ’ s not necessary .
Nought 's had , all 's spent , Where our desire is got without content .	Nothing ’ s ours , all 's been spent , Where we got what we wanted , but without content .
If thus thou vanishest , thou tell ’ st the world It is not worth leave-taking .	If you leave like that , you tell the world that it ’ s not worthy of a good-bye .
What , Pindarus !	Pindarus !
You knew my father well , and in him me , Left solely heir to all his lands and goods , Which I have bettered rather than decreased .	You knew my father well ; therefore , you know me , the sole heir to all his property and possessions , which I have added to rather than depleted .
What may I call your name ?	What ’ s your name ?
The door is open , sir .	The door is open , sir .
That we shall die , we know ; ' tis but the time And drawing days out that men stand upon .	We know we shall die , we know ; it ’ s only time And drawing days out that men live on .
Followed the old man forth .	He followed the old man .
Octavia is of a holy , cold , and still conversation .	Octavia has a pious , chaste , meek disposition .
aside to Ariel &ket; Bravely , my diligence .	Bravely , my hard worker .
My sister may receive it much more worse To have her gentleman abused , assaulted For following her affairs . — Put in his legs .	My sister would be much more offended to have her trusted messenger abused and assaulted just for carrying out her orders . — Put his legs in the stocks .
Is there no voice more worthy than my own , To sound more sweetly in great Caesar 's ear For the repealing of my banish 'd brother ?	Is there any voice more worthy than mine To speak more sweetly into great Caesar 's ear To ask for a repeal of my banished brother ’ s sentence ?
Let your wedding be tomorrow .	You can be married tomorrow if you want .
You touched my vein at first .	You were right the first time .
Ay me !	Oh , honey !
Therefore go with me .	So come with me .
I cannot go no further .	I can ’ t go any further .
God hath blessed you with a good name .	God has blessed you with a good name .
Treachery !	Wickedness !
I ’ ll show thee the best springs .	I ’ ll show you where to get fresh water .
No , thou proud dream , That play ’ st so subtly with a king ’ s repose .	No , vain illusion , so intricately bound up with a king ’ s rest .
Thou hast me , if thou hast me , at the worst , and thou shalt wear me , if thou wear me , better and better .	If you have me , you have me now at my worst ; and if you have me , you ’ ll appreciate me better and better .
Take the fool away .	Get that fool out of here .
What should I say to you ?	What should I say to you ?
Hail to thee , thane of Glamis !	Hail to you , thane of Glamis !
Handkerchief — confessions — handkerchief !	Handkerchief — confessions — handkerchief !
I 'll mark the play .	I ’ ll watch the play .
Oh , that exceeds , they say .	Oh , they say that dress surpasses all others .
For now , this fearful night , There is no stir or walking in the streets , And the complexion of the element In favor 's like the work we have in hand , Most bloody , fiery , and most terrible .	For now , because of this fearful night , There ’ s no noise or walking in the streets , And the weather reflects The work we have at hand , Most bloody , fiery , and most terrible .
Get thee gone .	Get going .
My father loved Sir Rowland as his soul , And all the world was of my father ’ s mind .	My father loved Sir Rowland as much as he loved his own soul , and the rest of the world shared my father ’ s opinion .
What , has this thing appeared again tonight ?	So , tell us , did you see that thing again tonight ?
She mocks all her wooers out of suit .	She mocks all her suitors so severely that they drop the suit .
You might have rhymed .	You might have rhymed those lines .
Fare thee well !	Fare-you-well !
You are welcome .	You are very welcome here .
But how should Prospero Be living and be here ?	But how is it possible that Prospero ’ s alive and well and living on this island ?
Shall I have the thought To think on this ; and shall I lack the thought That such a thing , bechanc 'd , would make me sad ?	If I had the mind To think about all this , and if I lacked the mind to see That such a thing could happen , wouldn ’ t it make me sad ?
If a bloody coxcomb be a hurt , you have hurt me .	If a bloody head counts as a hurt , then you hurt me .
Verona , for a while I take my leave , To see my friends in Padua , but of all My best belovèd and approvèd friend , Hortensio .	I ’ m off to visit my friends in Padua — particularly my best friend Hortensio .
Within my sword ’ s length set him ; if he ’ scape , Heaven forgive him too .	Put him within the reach of my sword , and if he escapes , may heaven forgive him as well !
O thou invisible spirit of wine , if thou hast no name to be known by , let us call thee devil !	Oh , wine is the devil !
What cannot be preserved when fortune takes , Patience her injury a mockery makes .	What cannot be preserved when fortune takes it , Patience makes a mockery of her injury .
O excellent !	Oh excellent !
He thinks , being twenty times of better fortune , He is twenty men to one .	He thinks that since his fortune is twenty times better than yours , it would be like pitting twenty men against one .
Believe not so .	Don ’ t believe it .
Let it go all .	Let it all go .
I am glad on ’ t .	I ’ m glad Casca is with us .
God 's benison go with you and with those That would make good of bad and friends of foes !	God 's blessings go with you ; and with those That would make a good situation out of a bad one and friends of foes !
On , to the field !	To the field !
You shall read us the will , Caesar ’ s will .	You have to read us the will , Caesar ’ s will .
To bed , to bed , to bed .	To bed , to bed , to bed .
Lord , how it looks about !	Lord , it ’ s glancing every which way !
Zounds , hold your peace .	Damn it , shut your mouth .
I am .	I am .
What news abroad ?	What ’ s the news abroad ?
Faith , we met and found the quarrel was upon the seventh cause .	Well , we almost fought and then realized that we had reached the seventh cause .
Varrus and Claudio !	Varrus and Claudio !
O bear me witness , night — What man is this ?	Oh , listen to me , night — Who is this ?
If she will return me my jewels I will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation .	If she returns my jewels , I ’ ll stop pursuing her and apologize to her .
Thou art thy father ’ s daughter .	You are your father ’ s daughter .
By Him that raised me to this careful height From that contented hap which I enjoyed , I never did incense his majesty Against the duke of Clarence , but have been An earnest advocate to plead for him .	By the Lord who raised me to this weighty post from the happy and carefree life I used to enjoy , I promise you I never did anything to get the king to turn against the duke of Clarence .
God make incision in thee ; thou art raw .	Pray God does some surgery on you : you need to be fixed .
Tell me this , I pray : Where have you left the money that I gave you ?	Answer me this , please : where ’ s the money I gave you ?
Is it a free visitation ?	Is it a free visit ?
Lie with her — that ’ s fulsome .	My God , it ’ s nauseating !
Since they did plot The means that dusky Dis my daughter got , Her and her blind boy ’ s scandaled company I have forsworn .	Ever since Venus and her blind son plotted a way for the god of the underworld to steal my daughter away for half the year , I swore I ’ d never speak to them again .
Hail to your lordship .	Hello , sir .
For so thou art .	Because that ’ s what you are now .
Both your Majesties Might , by the sovereign power you have of us , Put your dread pleasures more into command Than to entreaty .	Both your majesties Might , by the sovereign power you have of us , Put your huge request more into a command Than to an entreaty .
Let us to the great supper .	Let ’ s go to this great feast .
Here lay Duncan , His silver skin laced with his golden blood , And his gashed stabs looked like a breach in nature For ruin ’ s wasteful entrance ; there , the murderers , Steeped in the colors of their trade , their daggers Unmannerly breeched with gore .	Then right next to him I saw the murderers , dripping with blood , their daggers rudely covered in gore .
How does my wife ?	How is my wife ?
Be that the uttermost , and fail not then .	Let that be the latest , and be on time .
Are you wise ?	Are you wise ?
O thou public commoner !	O you public commoner !
So is the dear 'st o 'th ’ loss .	So is the most difficult loss .
But what is the sport , monsieur , that the ladies have lost ?	But tell me , monsieur — what sport are the ladies missing ?
Why , shall we turn to men ?	Why , shall we turn into men ?
He came too late .	He got there too late .
and if you wrong us , shall we not revenge ?	And if you wrong us , shouldn ’ t we seek revenge ?
Did you send to him , sir ?	Did you send for him , sir ?
Why , what you will .	Whatever kind you want , I guess .
I bleed , sir , but not killed .	I ’ m bleeding , but you didn ’ t kill me .
I am aweary of this moon .	I ’ m tired of this moon .
Souls and bodies hath he divorced three , and his incensement at this moment is so implacable that satisfaction can be none but by pangs of death and sepulchre .	He ’ s killed three people , and he ’ s so furious right now that the only thing that will satisfy him is seeing you die .
I thank your honour . — For my part , my lord , My purpose was not to have seen you here ; But meeting with Salerio by the way , He did entreat me , past all saying nay , To come with him along .	For my part , my lord , I didn ’ t intend to see you here ; But , meeting with Salanio by the way , He begged me , past all saying no , To come along with him .
But know that I have tonight wooed Margaret , the Lady Hero ’ s gentlewoman , by the name of Hero .	But I will tell you that I seduced Margaret , the Lady Hero ’ s waiting woman , tonight .
Out , loathèd medicine !	Get out , you horrible poison .
And here he stands .	And here he is .
Nor time nor place Did then adhere , and yet you would make both : They have made themselves , and that their fitness now Does unmake you .	They have made themselves agree , and that agreement now Doesn ’ t agree with you .
Good morrow , Catesby . — You may jest on , but , by the Holy Rood , I do not like these several councils , I.	Good morning , Catesby .
Let me not burst in ignorance , but tell Why thy canonized bones , hearsed in death , Have burst their cerements ; why the sepulcher ,	Don ’ t drive me crazy with curiosity , but tell me why your church-buried bones have burst out of their coffin , and why your tomb ,
Come , Nerissa .	Come , Nerissa .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
But what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed , one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself ?	But how would you praise a truly good woman , someone who had no reason to worry about what anyone said about her ?
Had our general Been what he knew himself , it had gone well .	If our general had been his old self , we would have won .
No , my good lord ; but , as you did command , I did repel his letters and denied His access to me .	No , my good lord , but , as you did command , I did reject his letters and denied His access to me .
That ’ s more than we know .	That ’ s more than we know .
Ah , that ’ s a foul fault .	Yes , and that ’ s a serious failing .
Why , that is nothing .	Oh , that ’ s nothing , believe me , sir .
Roundly replied .	A very candid reply .
This Caesar was a tyrant .	This Caesar was a tyrant .
Why , she hath a face of her own .	She already has a face .
This is a sleepy tune .	This is a sleepy tune .
Withdraw thee , wretched Margaret .	It ’ s time to hide , wretched Margaret .
Save you , worthy general !	Greetings , good general !
She Is daughter to this famous Duke of Milan , Of whom so often I have heard renown But never saw before , of whom I have Received a second life .	She ’ s the daughter of this famous Duke of Milan I heard so much about but never saw before .
It were a tedious difficulty , I think , To bring them to that prospect .	It ’ s a lengthy problem , I think , To bring them to that event .
And to see how he prizes the fool- ish woman your wife !	And to see how he prizes the foolish woman , your wife !
Call the messenger .	Call the messenger in .
With drink , sir ?	With drink , sir ?
Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported .	Tyrants themselves wept when they heard about it .
If she convey Letters to Richmond , you shall answer it .	If she sends any letters to Richmond , you will be accountable to me for it .
And , if not so , how should I wrong a brother ?	And , if that ’ s not true , how should I wrong a brother ?
I do believe you think what now you speak ; But what we do determine oft we break .	I believe you believe what you say now , But what we determine to , often we don ’ t .
Who was 't came by ?	Who was it that came by ?
Can it be possible that no man saw them ?	Can it be possible that no one saw them leave ?
It is , my lord .	It is , my lord .
Filthy hags !	Filthy hags !
You should ask me what time o ' day .	You should ask me what time of day it is , instead .
Barnardo has my place .	Barnardo ’ s taken my place .
What 's the matter , husband ?	What 's the matter , husband ?
Then put up your pipes in your bag , for I ’ ll away .	Then pack up your instruments and go away .
Give me now leave to leave thee .	You may leave .
That 's certain , if the devil may be her judge .	That ’ s true , if the devil may be her judge .
How absolute the knave is !	How absolutely clever this chap is !
I do beseech you That are of suppler joints , follow them swiftly And hinder them from what this ecstasy May now provoke them to .	Those of you who are young and active , I beg you to follow them and keep them from doing the crazy things their guilt might push them to do .
And supportable To make the dear loss have I means much weaker Than you may call to comfort you , for I Have lost my daughter .	And I have much less to comfort me than you do , since I ’ ve lost my daughter .
Thus bad begins and worse remains behind .	Oh , this is terrible !
And so it is .	You ’ re right , that ’ s how it is .
God and your arms be praised , victorious friends !	God and your work be praised , victorious friends .
The jewels you have had from me to deliver to Desdemona would half have corrupted a votarist .	The jewels you have had from me to deliver to Desdemona would half have corrupted a nun .
If it please the eye of one , it is with me as the very true sonnet is , “ Please one , and please all . ” Why , how dost thou , man ?	As the sonnet says , “ If you please one special person , you please everyone who matters . ” Why , what ’ s going on ?
Let ’ s stab ourselves .	Let ’ s fall on our swords .
A surgeon !	Get me a surgeon !
Peace , ho !	Quiet there !
Sir Topas !	Sir Topas !
In the meantime I will draw a bill of properties , such as our play wants .	In the meantime , I will draw a list of props , that our play needs .
Before you hazard , for in choosing wrong I lose your company .	I feel tortured by all this talking .
Who sued to me for him ?	Who pleaded with me to pardon
Ay , or drinking , fencing , swearing , quarrelling , Drabbing .	Yes , or drinking , fencing , swearing , quarrelling , Prostitution .
Go to , thou art made , if thou desirest to be so — ” Am I made ?	Go ahead .
One Angelo , a goldsmith .	Angelo , the jeweler .
What , man , ’ tis a night of revels !	What are you talking about , man ?
Look you , Cassio and my husband !	Look , here comes Cassio and my husband .
I warrant you , madam .	I assure you it is , madam .
His beard was grizzled , no ?	His beard was gray , right ?
I do not cross you , but I will do so .	I don ’ t cross you , but I will .
Yours , if you talk of tales .	Yours , if we ’ re talking about I ’ m leaving .
What else ?	What else ?
For if thou dost intend Never so little show of love to her , Thou shalt aby it .	If you continue treating Hermia so badly , you ’ ll pay for it .
Who is ’ t that cried ?	Who ’ s shouting ?
My lord and brother , God save you .	My lord and brother , God save you .
Then belike my children shall have no names .	Then my children will probably be illegitimate .
Can you make no use of your discontent ?	Can ’ t you somehow use your dissatisfaction to your own advantage ?
Jove , Jove , this shepherd ’ s passion Is much upon my fashion .	By God !
I must discontinue your company .	I ’ m leaving your court now .
Alas the day !	How tragic !
Tis mightiest in the mightiest .	It ’ s strongest in the strongest people .
Strumpet , I come .	I ’ m coming , slut !
An now tell me , how doth your cousin ?	But tell me , how is your cousin ?
I ' faith , I fear it has .	Trust me , I fear it has .
I wrote to you When rioting in Alexandria .	I sent you a letter while you were carousing in Alexandria .
Traverse , go , provide thy money .	Go get money .
Alack , I love myself .	Unfortunately , I love myself .
Well , tell me now what lady is the same To whom you swore a secret pilgrimage , That you today promised to tell me of ?	You promised to tell me .
Why , thou debauched fish , thou , was there ever man a coward that hath drunk so much sack as I to-day ?	Why , you deboshed fish you , was there ever a coward that has drunk so much sack as I have today ?
Still live they , and forever let them last .	Let them last forever .
Ay , sir , they be ready .	Yes , sir , they ’ re ready .
Do me no foul play , friends .	Don ’ t play any nasty tricks on me .
He is much changed .	He is very changed .
Long live Gonzalo !	Long live Gonzalo !
What news ?	What news ?
to Adrian &ket; Methinks our garments are now as fresh as &bra; to Adrian &ket; Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric , at the marriage of the King 's fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis .	I think our garments are now as fresh as they were when we first put them in Africa , at the wedding of the king 's fair daughter , Claribel , to the King of Tunis .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
My brave spirit !	Good spirit !
How now , my dear Othello ?	What ’ s going on , Othello , darling ?
And these does she apply for warnings and portents And evils imminent , and on her knee Hath begged that I will stay at home today .	She takes these signs for warnings and predictions of terrible evils to come , and , on her knee , she begged me to stay home today .
And I must Rid all the sea of pirates , then , to send Measures of wheat to Rome .	In return , I must clear the sea of pirates and send tributes of wheat to Rome .
Macbeth doth come .	Macbeth has come .
A dry jest , sir .	Just a bit of my dry humor , sir .
What say you to a neat ’ s foot ?	What do you say to a calf ’ s foot ?
The king shall drink to Hamlet ’ s better breath , And in the cup an union shall he throw Richer than that which four successive kings In Denmark ’ s crown have worn .	I ’ ll drink to Hamlet ’ s health , and into his goblet I ’ ll drop a pearl even more costly than those in the crowns of the last four Danish kings .
So full of shapes is fancy That it alone is high fantastical .	Love is so vivid and fantastical that nothing compares to it .
Very gladly .	Absolutely .
The sun is high , and we outwear the day .	The sun is up and we ’ re wasting the day !
Rapier and dagger .	Sword and dagger .
Out of these convertites There is much matter to be heard and learned .	There is much to be learned from these converts .
What is she ?	I don ’ t mean that she wants me because What ’ s she like ?
Your voice shall be as strong as any man 's In the disposing of new dignities .	Your voice shall be as strong as any man 's In giving out the new honorable offices .
I am not what I am .	I ’ m not who I appear to be .
What does the tyrant ?	What is the tyrant Macbeth doing ?
Well , keep me company but two years more , Thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue .	If you hang around me for two more years , you ’ ll forget the sound of your own voice .
What other bond Than secret Romans that have spoke the word And will not palter ?	What bond do we need other than that of discreet Romans who have said what they ’ re going to do and won ’ t back down ?
Is there no respect of place , persons , nor time in you ?	Don ’ t you have any respect for anything ?
I will forestall their repair hither and say you are not fit .	I ’ ll say you ’ re not feeling well .
How fondly dost thou reason !	Your logic is so foolish .
Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads To knot and gender in !	Or keep it as a jug to hold dirty toads To knot and give birth in !
The murmuring surge That on th ' unnumbered idle pebbles chafes Cannot be heard so high .	Up here you can ’ t even hear the waves crashing against the rocks .
I eat the air , promise-cramm 'd .	I eat the air , crammed with promises .
Who are you ?	Who are you ?
O curse of marriage , That we can call these delicate creatures ours , And not their appetites !	O curses on marriage , That we can call these delicate creatures ours , And not control their appetites !
I shall entreat him To answer like himself .	I will advise him to speak as he usually does .
You may do so : — but let it be so hasted , that supper be ready at the farthest by five of the clock .	You may do so ; but let it be quickly so that supper is ready by five of the clock at the latest .
is 't gone ?	Is it gone ?
This honest creature doubtless Sees and knows more , much more , than he unfolds .	This honest creature undoubtedly Sees and knows more , much more , than he reveals .
Mistake no more .	I ’ m not really Litio .
The constable of France .	The Constable of France .
Beware Macduff ; Beware the Thane of Fife .	Beware Macduff ; Beware the Baron of Fife .
Who would do so ?	Who would do so ?
But of that tomorrow , When therewithal we shall have cause of state Craving us jointly .	But more of that tomorrow , When together with that matter , we will have political issues That need us jointly .
I am a very foolish fond old man , Fourscore and upward , not an hour more nor less .	I ’ m a foolish , senile old man , eighty-something years old , not an hour more or less .
Indeed !	Indeed !
Our duty to your honour .	Our duty to your honor .
Shall I strike at it with my partisan ?	Shall I strike at it with my club ?
Come , go with me .	Come , go with me .
It is so too .	It ’ s so too .
No , cousin , I ’ ll to Fife .	No , cousin , I ’ m going to Fife .
I ' faith , or I either ?	Me too .
Still be ’ t yours .	It ’ s all still yours .
This by Calpurnia 's dream is signified .	This is what Calpurnia ’ s dream means .
Come hither , neighbor Seacole .	Come here , Sir Seacole .
He should , for that , commit your godfathers .	He should imprison the person who named you , instead .
But , sirrah , not for my sake , but your master ’ s , I advise You use your manners discreetly in all kind of companies .	This is for your master ’ s sake , not mine .
You are pictures out of door , bells in your parlors , wild-cats in your kitchens , saints in your injuries , devils being offended , players in your housewifery , and housewives in your beds .	In your own kitchens you act like wildcats .
For learn this , Silius : Better to leave undone than by our deed Acquire too high a fame when him we serve ’ s away .	You must understand , Silius , that it ’ s better to leave something undone than achieve too much fame in your superior ’ s absence .
Had he his hurts before ?	Were his wounds on his front side ?
Good .	Good .
Wherefore this ghastly looking ?	Why do you look like that ?
Let them come in .	And in a P.S.
A most poor man made tame to fortune ’ s blows , Who by the art of known and feeling sorrows Am pregnant to good pity .	I ’ m a poor man who ’ s been humbled by many misfortunes .
Go you and tell her of it .	Go to her and tell her for me .
Moneys is your suit .	And now you ’ re asking for money .
I am about it ; but indeed my invention Comes from my pate as birdlime does from frieze ; It plucks out brains and all .	I am about it ; but , indeed , my imagination Comes from my head as bird trap does from cloth , It plucks out brains and all .
And that ’ s but unwholesome food , they say .	I ’ ve heard that ’ s not the most nourishing food .
Bring me but to the very brim of it , And I ’ ll repair the misery thou dost bear With something rich about me .	Take me to the edge of it , and I ’ ll reward all your troubles with something valuable .
Prithee , see there !	Please , just look over there .
And , but for ceremony , such a wretch , Winding up days with toil and nights with sleep , Had the forehand and vantage of a king .	dusk and all night long sleeps in peace .
By this marriage , All little jealousies , which now seem great , And all great fears , which now import their dangers , Would then be nothing .	With this marriage , all the petty jealousies that now seem huge , and all the great fears that are dangerous in themselves , would disappear .
Some bloody passion shakes your very frame .	You ’ re shaking with emotion .
O sir , fly this place .	Get out of here quickly !
Above my fortunes , yet my state is well .	But I ’ m still fairly high-ranking .
Desire him to go in .	Ask him to go in .
When were you wont to use my sister thus ?	Why are you treating my sister like this ?
He was quick mettle when he went to school .	He was becoming very spirited when he was in school .
Oh , he ’ s returned , and as pleasant as ever he was .	Oh , yes , Benedick has returned and is as cheerful as ever .
Nor , I am sure , there is no force in eyes That can do hurt .	Now I am sure that eyes can ’ t hurt a person .
It alone concerns your ear .	It ’ s about you .
I dare damnation .	Please , come with me .
I know where I will wear this dagger then .	I know where I ’ ll wear this dagger , then .
Know you not he has ?	Don ’ t you know he has ?
You shall not seal to such a bond for me ; I 'll rather dwell in my necessity .	You shall not put your seal to such a promise to pay For me ; I ’ d rather live in my poverty .
But this eternal blazon must not be To ears of flesh and blood .	But this eternal description must not be given To ears of flesh and blood .
I do now let loose my opinion ; hold it no longer : this is no fish , but an islander that hath lately suffered by a thunderbolt .	I now give my opinion : hold it no longer ; this is no fish , but an islander , that has lately been struck by lightning .
Why , sir , her name ’ s a word , and to dally with that word might make my sister wanton .	Well , her name ’ s a word , and if you fooled around with it you might make her into a whore .
Now , by heaven , My blood begins my safer guides to rule , And passion , having my best judgement collied , Assays to lead the way .	Now , by heaven , My blood begins to rule my safer sense , And passion , having influenced my better judgment Tries to lead the way .
He 's loved of the distracted multitude , Who like not in their judgment , but their eyes ; And where ' tis so , the offender 's scourge is weigh 'd , But never the offence .	He 's very popular with this country ’ s masses , Who like not in their minds , but with their eyes , And where it is so , the offender 's punishment is important , but never the offense .
Bring him before us .	Bring him before us .
Someone take order Buckingham be brought To Salisbury .	Someone deliver the order that Buckingham be brought to Salisbury .
Is it honest in deed and word ?	Is it “ chaste in word and action ” ?
Will you come presently ?	Will you come immediately ?
Epicurism and lust Make it more like a tavern or a brothel Than a graced palace .	They ’ re such oversexed gluttons that I feel like we ’ re living in a pub or a whorehouse rather than a respectable palace .
Farewell , great chief .	Good-bye , great commander .
Am I not i ' the right , old Jephthah ?	Am I not in the right , old Jephthah ?
Call up the right Master Constable .	Call up the Master Constable Dogberry .
I have a salt and sorry rheum offends me .	I have a bad cold that ’ s bothering me .
Welcome , dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern .	Welcome , dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern .
The worm that ’ s fled Hath nature that in time will venom breed ; No teeth for th ' present .	The young snake that escaped will in time become poisonous and threatening , but for now he has no fangs .
I wish you all joy of the worm .	I hope you are pleased with the snake .
But tell me yet , dost thou not know my voice ?	But tell me this : don ’ t you know my voice ?
But yet , madam — I do not like “ But yet . ” It does allay The good precedence .	But yet , madam — I don ’ t like the sound of “ but yet . ” It reverses all the good that came before it .
Should I not say , “ Hath a dog money ?	Shouldn ’ t I say , “ Does a dog have money ?
May it be done ?	Do you think it would work ?
My children too ?	They killed my children too ?
Do thou meet me presently at the harbor .	Meet me right away at the harbor .
But fathers that bear bags Shall see their children kind .	But fathers who are rich Make their children kind .
Your worship 's friend and Launcelot , sir .	Your worship 's friend , and Launcelot , sir .
If it assume my noble father ’ s person , I ’ ll speak to it , though Hell itself should gape And bid me hold my peace .	If it looks like my good father , I ’ ll speak to it , even if Hell itself opens up and tells me to be quiet .
They have made him drink alms-drink .	They made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the poor .
My lord , the enemy is past the marsh .	My lord , the enemy has already passed the marsh .
The house will be the quieter .	The house will be so much quieter .
Inquire the Jew ’ s house out .	Find out where the Jew ’ s house is .
Now go to the door and stay there till we call .	Now go to the door and stay there until I call for you .
Believe what ?	In heaven .
Your power and your command is taken off And Cassio rules in Cyprus .	You ’ re stripped of your power and your command , and Cassio will govern Cyprus .
I cannot tell .	He I can ’ t tell what ’ s going on .
So I hope , I was not born to die on Brutus ' sword .	I hope so ; I was not born to die on Brutus ' sword .
For charitable prayers Shards , flints and pebbles should be thrown on her .	She deserves to have rocks and stones thrown on her body .
And you shall be satisfied .	You will .
This same is she , and I do give you her .	This one , and I will give her to you .
Without , my lord ; guarded , to know your pleasure .	I ’ ll tell him , my lord .
Brutus ” will start a spirit as soon as “ Caesar . ” Now in the names of all the gods at once , Upon what meat doth this our Caesar feed That he is grown so great ?	Cast spells with them , and “ Brutus ” will call up a ghost as well as “ Caesar . ” Now , in the name of all the gods , I ask you what food does Caesar eat that has made him grow so great ?
But it is no matter .	Oh well .
I go , and it is done : the bell invites me .	I go , and it ’ s done ; the bell invites me .
I never saw a woman , But only Sycorax my dam and she .	I never saw a woman except her and Sycorax , my mother .
I ’ ll do ’ t , but it dislikes me .	I ’ ll do it , but I don ’ t like it .
Not if the small come first .	Not if the minor ones come up first .
Never alone Did the king sigh , but with a general groan .	Whenever a king sighs , everyone groans .
This letter from Bellario doth commend A young and learnèd doctor to our court .	This letter from Bellario introduces us to a young and well-educated legal expert .
Well , my dread lord — so must I call you now .	Very well , my supreme lord — that ’ s what I have to call you now .
But though my cates be mean , take them in good part .	But look , even if my dishes are poor , eat them with my best wishes .
I saw it in his hand : It was a handkerchief , an antique token My father gave my mother .	It was a handkerchief , an antique token My father gave my mother .
Go to , woman , Throw your vile guesses in the devil ’ s teeth From whence you have them .	Oh , come on , woman .
What would she have ?	What does she need ?
Nothing at all .	Nothing at all .
Fellow , wilt thou bestow thy time with me ?	You , will you join with me ?
One , Kate , that you must kiss and be acquainted with . — Where are my slippers ?	Where are my slippers ?
It is my arm .	Actually , it ’ s my arm .
If she be fair and wise , fairness and wit , The one 's for use , the other useth it .	If she is beautiful and wise , beauty and wit , The one 's for use , the other uses it .
What !	What !
I am not drunk now .	I ’ m not drunk .
An if the wind blow any way from shore , I will not harbor in this town tonight .	If there ’ s enough wind for a ship to sail out tonight , I won ’ t spend tonight in this town .
In thee there is not half an hour of life .	You don ’ t have more than half an hour to live .
I am famished in his service .	He ’ s starving me to death .
Neighbors , God speed .	Neighbors , hello .
Now , sir , be judge yourself Whether I in any just term am affined To love the Moor .	Now , sir , judge it for yourself Whether or I am better suited in any beautiful terms To love the Moor .
I will not fail you .	I won ’ t forget .
Tis sweating labor To bear such idleness so near the heart As Cleopatra this .	It ’ s difficult to have such immaturity so close to my heart , but bear with me .
That ’ s as we list to grace him .	That ’ s for to me to decide .
Therefore wast thou Deservedly confined into this rock , Who hadst deserved more than a prison .	So you got what you deserved , and were locked up in this cave , which is more fitting for the likes of you than a prison would be .
Our separated fortune Shall keep us both the safer .	We ’ ll both be safer if we go separate ways .
Take from them now The sense of reck 'ning ere th ' opposèd numbers Pluck their hearts from them .	Rob them of the ability to count before the numbers against them overwhelm their courage .
These ears of mine , thou know ’ st did hear thee .	My own ears heard it , and you know it .
I will preach to thee .	I ’ ll read you a sermon .
Sure , I think so , And therefore certainly it were not good She knew his love , lest she make sport at it .	It would be bad if she knew about Benedick ’ s love and teased him about it .
Emilia , come .	Emilia , come .
Old lord , I cannot blame thee , Who am myself attached with weariness To th ' dulling of my spirits .	I can ’ t blame you , old lord .
I cannot fly , But , bearlike , I must fight the course .	I can ’ t run away .
May ’ t please your Majesty to give us leave Freely to render what we have in charge , Or shall we sparingly show you far off The Dauphin ’ s meaning and our embassy ?	Will your Majesty grant us permission to freely express the message we ’ ve been asked to convey ?
See , who comes here ?	Who ’ s that coming over here ?
to Sebastian &ket; He 'd sow 't with Or docks , or mallows .	Or the antidote for stinging plants or hollyhocks .
Come , cousin , I am sure you love the gentleman .	Come on , niece , I ’ m sure you love him .
Twere as good a deed as to drink when a man ’ s a-hungry , to challenge him the field and then to break promise with him and make a fool of him .	I could challenge him to a duel and then not show up .
Why dost thou stay ?	What are you waiting for ?
That he might not beteem the winds of heaven Visit her face too roughly . — Heaven and earth , Must I remember ?	Oh God , do I have to remember that ?
Did you and he consent in Cassio 's death ?	Did you and he agree to Cassio 's death ?
I 'll not be made a soft and dull-ey 'd fool , To shake the head , relent , and sigh , and yield To Christian intercessors .	I won ’ t be made a soft and dull-eyed fool , To shake my head , give in , and sigh , and surrender To Christian intercessors .
What is thy name ?	What is your name ?
Ay , sir ; that soaks up the King 's countenance , his rewards , his authorities .	Yes , sir , that soaks up the King 's face , his rewards , his authorities .
Will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue ?	will you tear Impatient answers from my gentle tongue ?
I am glad on 't .	I ’ m glad about it .
Draw together , And when I rear my hand , do you the like , To fall it on Gonzalo .	Pull out your sword when I do : And when I raise my hand , you do the same , So that it falls on Gonzalo .
Tis monstrous .	It is monstrous .
Madam , the young gentleman of the Count Orsino ’ s is returned .	Madam , Count Orsino ’ s young messenger has returned .
What do you think of me ?	What do you think of me ?
They are his shards , and he	They are his dung , and he their beetle .
Take the hint Which my despair proclaims .	Take your cues from my own despair .
If I could win a lady at leapfrog or by vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back , under the correction of bragging be it spoken , I should quickly leap into a wife .	If I could win a lady by playing leapfrog or vaulting into my saddle with my armor on my back — though you may accuse me of boasting — I could easily get myself a wife .
You shall see it will fall pat as I told you ; yonder she comes .	You shall see it will fall right just as I told you . — she comes From over there .
Thy lands and all things that thou dost call thine Worth seizure , do we seize into our hands Till thou canst quit thee by thy brother ’ s mouth Of what we think against thee .	I ’ m seizing your lands and all that you possess until your brother gives testimony that absolves you of any guilt .
He hates our sacred nation ; and he rails , Even there where merchants most do congregate , On me , my bargains , and my well-won thrift , Which he calls interest .	He hates our sacred nation ; and he abuses me , Even there where merchants congregate most of the time , Insulting me , my bargains , and my well-won success , Which he calls interest .
So farewell .	So , farewell .
Away !	Now get out of here !
You have loved him well ; He hath not touch 'd you yet .	You have loved him well ; He hasn ’ t touched you yet .
Our course will seem too bloody , Caius Cassius , To cut the head off and then hack the limbs Like wrath in death and envy afterwards ; For Antony is but a limb of Caesar .	Our plan will seem too bloody , Caius Cassius , To cut off the head , and then hack off the arms and legs , Like anger in death and jealousy afterwards , Because Antony is but a limb of Caesar .
They say you are a melancholy fellow .	They say you are a melancholy fellow .
Art thou his friend ?	Are you his friend ?
Your Grace does me as great honors as can be desired in the hearts of his subjects .	Your Grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects .
The note lies in ’ s throat , if he say I said so .	The note is a big fat liar if it says I said so .
This lanthorn doth the horned moon present ; Myself the man i ' the moon do seem to be .	This lantern represents the horned moon ; I myself seem to be the man in the moon .
What , I will be jovial .	Then there ’ s still a chance .
Where 's satisfaction ?	Where 's satisfaction ?
Yet they are not joined .	They still haven ’ t joined the battle .
To eat us hungerly , and when they are full , They belch us .	They eat us up hungrily , and when they ’ re full , they vomit us up .
Question it , Horatio .	Question it , Horatio .
Fairly spoke .	You ’ ve said it well .
Petruchio is my name , Antonio ’ s son , A man well known throughout all Italy .	My name is Petruchio , son of Antonio , a man well known throughout Italy .
Good my lord , bid him welcome .	My lord , welcome this man .
Let every eye nogetiate for itself And trust no agent , for beauty is a witch Against whose charms faith melteth into blood .	Beauty is a witch whose spells can turn loyalty into passion .
Last night of all , When yond same star that 's westward from the pole Had made his course to illume that part of heaven Where now it burns , Marcellus and myself , The bell then beating one — Peace !	Last night , When that star up there , that 's west of the North Pole , Had moved around to light that part of the sky Where now it burns , Marcellus and myself , The clock ’ s bell then tolling one , Quiet , stop !
Our hearts you see not ; they are pitiful ; And pity to the general wrong of Rome — As fire drives out fire , so pity pity — Hath done this deed on Caesar .	You don ’ t see our hearts ; they ’ re full of pity ; Pity the general injury of Rome — As fire drives out fire , so pity drives out pity — Has done this deed on Caesar .
And I will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke .	And I ’ ll sing it for the duke in the intermission of a play .
If I had a thunderbolt in mine eye , I can tell who should down .	If I could shoot lightning bolts from my eyes , I can tell you who ’ d be on the ground .
I meddle with no tradesman ’ s matters nor women ’ s matters , but withal I am indeed , sir , a surgeon to old shoes .	I ’ m a surgeon to old shoes .
That may be , for you bear a many superfluously , and ’ twere more honor some were away .	No doubt , for you wear too many in the first place , and it might be more seemly to make do with fewer .
Come , wait upon him .	Take good care of him .
Who hath made this havoc with them ?	Who did this to him ?
Who can control his fate ?	who can control his fate ?
Well , my good lord , I 'll do 't .	Well , my good lord , I 'll do it .
Why , then , some be of laughing , as , ah , ha , he !	Well then , add some interjections that indicate laughter , like Hold on , Friar .
And will she love him still for prating ?	will she still love him for chattering ?
Chid I for that at frugal Nature ’ s frame ?	Do I blame Nature for being so thrifty ?
You shortly shall hear more .	You will soon hear more .
My lord , this would not be believed in Venice , Though I should swear I saw 't .	My lord , this would not be believed in Venice , Although I could swear I saw it .
He supped at my house , but I therefore shake not .	He ate at my house , but that doesn ’ t make me nervous .
I marvel Cambio comes not all this while .	I wonder why Cambio hasn ’ t shown up in all this time .
Gentlemen , let 's look to our business .	Gentlemen , let 's look to our business .
Had I but died an hour before this chance , I had lived a blessèd time , for from this instant There ’ s nothing serious in mortality .	If I had only died an hour before this event I could say I had lived a blessed life .
So , fare you well .	So , goodbye for now .
Why , you were with him , were you not ?	But you were with him , weren ’ t you ?
That ’ s my fear .	That ’ s what I ’ m afraid of .
I ’ ll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders Before I ’ ll see the crown so foul misplaced .	I ’ ll have my head cut from my shoulders before I ’ ll see the crown so misplaced .
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
Get you a place .	Go get yourself a seat .
Went ’ st not thou to her for a purse of ducats ?	Didn ’ t you go to her for a purse full of ducats ?
Read it , Mark Antony !	Read it , Mark Antony .
There is some strange misprision in the princes .	The princes are under some strange misunderstanding .
We wish your peace .	We hope you feel better and find some peace .
What harmony is this ?	What ’ s that music ?
I will tomorrow — And betimes I will — to the weird sisters .	Tomorrow , while it ’ s still early , I will go see the witches .
The spirit torments me .	The spirit is torturing me .
I meant plain holy thistle .	I just meant that you should use some holy thistle .
Farewell .	farewell .
Poor man !	Poor man !
Who ’ s there ?	Who are you ?
Thus it is , general .	It ’ s like this , general .
Being entertained for a perfumer , as I was smoking a musty room , comes me the Prince and Claudio , hand in hand , in sad conference .	As I was working on one musty room , the Prince and Claudio entered .
The wonder is he hath endured so long .	What ’ s amazing is how long he lasted .
My dukedom to a beggarly denier , I do mistake my person all this while !	I bet I ’ ve been wrong about myself all this time .
What should such fellows as I do , crawling between earth and heaven ?	What should such fellows as I do crawling between earth and heaven ?
Give me a taper !	Give me a candle !
What trumpet ’ s that ?	What ’ s that trumpet ?
If not , he ’ s plain .	If not , he ’ s got truth on his side !
Farewell , thou lob of spirits .	Goodbye , you dumb old spirit .
In which addition , hail , most worthy Thane , For it is thine .	I was also ordered to add , hail , most worthy baron , For the title of Baron of Cawdor is yours .
By heaven , it is as proper to our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions As it is common for the younger sort To lack discretion .	It ’ s as common for us old people to assume we know more than we do as for young people to be too wild and crazy .
I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so ; Our house is hell , and thou , a merry devil , Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness : But fare thee well : there is a ducat for thee .	I am sorry that you will leave my father like this : Our house is hell , and you , a happy devil , Robbed it of some taste of boredom .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
I have them ready .	I have it ready .
Yes , I intend so .	Yes , I will .
God knows I loved my niece , And she is dead , slandered to death by villains That dare as well answer a man indeed As I dare take a serpent by the tongue . — Boys , apes , braggarts , jacks , milksops !	God knows I loved my niece , and now she ’ s dead — slandered to death by cowards who would just as likely fight a real man as I would grab a poisonous snake by the tongue .
We ’ ll answer .	We ’ ll answer .
The heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes .	The heavens only announce the deaths of princes .
Say she be mute and will not speak a word ; Then I ’ ll commend her volubility , And say she uttereth piercing eloquence .	If she is silent and won ’ t speak at all , I ’ ll praise her chattiness and say she speaks with piercing eloquence .
You have been factious one against the other . — Wife , love Lord Hastings .	Take my hand , Hastings .
Ha , ha , ha !	ha , ha , ha !
Bear with him , Brutus ; ' tis his fashion .	Be patient with him , Brutus ; it ’ s the way he is .
You did know How much you were my conqueror , and that My sword , made weak by my affection , would Obey it on all cause .	You knew that my sword , weakened by my love for you , would obey that love no matter what .
O damn 'd Iago !	O damned Iago !
So says the Prince and my new-trothèd lord .	That ’ s what the Prince and my fiancé say .
My Lady Grey his wife , Clarence , ’ tis she That tempers him to this extremity .	It ’ s his wife , Lady Grey , who got him to do this .
With what , i ' the name of God ?	By what , in the name of God ?
Therefore tremble and depart .	Therefore , tremble with fear and leave .
I 'ld have thee live , For , in my sense , ' tis happiness to die .	I 'd have you live ; Because , in my thinking , it is happiness to die .
doth sway my life . ” Nay , but first , let me see , let me see , let me see .	rules my life . ” Hmm , let me see , let me see , let me see .
It would have much amazed you .	It would have amazed you very much .
Run to the Capitol , and nothing else ?	Run to the Capitol , and nothing else ?
Wherefore did they not That hour destroy us ?	Why didn ’ t they just kill us that night ?
Happy is your Grace , That can translate the stubbornness of fortune Into so quiet and so sweet a style .	It bothers me , though , that these poor spotted innocents , who , after all , are this deserted city ’ s native citizens , should be gouged with arrows .
And patches will I get unto these cudgeled scars , And swear I got them in the Gallia wars .	I ’ ll bandage up these wounds and swear I got them in the French wars .
Set a huge mountain ' tween my heart and tongue !	Set a huge mountain between my heart and tongue !
Now , for I know the Breton Richmond aims At young Elizabeth , my brother ’ s daughter , And by that knot looks proudly on the crown , To her go I , a jolly thriving wooer .	Now I go , a jolly , thriving wooer , to marry my brother Edward ’ s young daughter , Elizabeth , because I know Richmond has his eye on her .
Your royal father ’ s murdered .	Your royal father is murdered .
I have not breathed almost since I did see it .	It was just moments ago .
Had he a hand to write this , a heart and brain to breed it in ?	How could he have even entertained these thoughts in his heart ?
Give me thy hand .	Let me help you up .
These are gracious drops .	These tears are full of grace .
Be this the whetstone of your sword .	Let this act be the stone that sharpens your sword .
Thyself do grace to them , and bring them in .	Then be so kind as to show them in .
If you will live , lament .	If you do intend to live , then mourn .
O weary night , O long and tedious night , Abate thy hours !	Oh weary night , Oh long and tedious night , Cut your hours short !
Kind gentlemen , let 's go see poor Cassio dress 'd .	Kind gentlemen , let 's go see poor Cassio bandaged .
And may , through all the world !	You may do whatever you want in the world .
I , sir ?	Me , sir ?
Unbutton here .	Let me unbutton this .
And find I am alone felicitate In your dear highness ' love .	joy except my love for you , and I find that only your majesty ’ s love makes me happy .
Shall I say to you , “ Let them be free !	Should I say to you , “ Set them free !
What man is there so much unreasonable , If you had pleas 'd to have defended it With any terms of zeal , wanted the modesty To urge the thing held as a ceremony ?	What man is there so very unreasonable , That , if you had bothered to defend it With any terms of earnestness , lacked the modesty To encourage the thing be held as a ceremony ?
Thou shalt be lord of it , and I 'll server thee .	You shall be lord of it , and I 'll serve you .
Saw you anything ?	Did you see anything ?
The best in this kind are but shadows ; and the worst are no worse , if imagination amend them .	The best plays are only shadows , and the worst are no worse , if imagination can fill in the gaps .
Freedom !	Freedom !
Well , my good lord .	Well , my good lord .
All will be well .	I ’ m sure everything will be fine .
Quite dumb ?	Can ’ t you talk ?
I charge you , get you home .	I ’ m ordering you , go home .
That you should here repent you , The actors are at hand , and by their show You shall know all that you are like to know .	By watching their show , you ’ ll find out everything you ’ re likely to know .
And for his dreams , I wonder he ’ s so simple To trust the mock 'ry of unquiet slumbers .	And as for his dreams , I ’ m surprised he ’ s so foolish as to trust the fantasies of a restless night .
We are oft to blame in this — ' tis too much proved — that with devotion 's visage And pious action we do sugar o 'er The Devil himself .	We are often to blame in this , it ’ s been proven often , that with devotion 's face and holy actions , we sugar over The Devil himself .
His eyes are red as fire with weeping .	Antony ’ s eyes are fiery red from crying .
Come , come , you answer with an idle tongue .	Come , come , you answer me stupidly .
In this time of the night ?	At this time of night ?
This is not the way To win your daughter .	This is not the way to win your daughter .
Our day is gone ; Clouds , dews , and dangers come ; our deeds are done !	Our day is gone ; Come clouds , dews , and dangers ; our deeds are done !
Friends am I with you all and love you all , Upon this hope that you shall give me reasons Why and wherein Caesar was dangerous .	I am friends with you all , and love you all , On this hope , that you shall give me reasons Why and how Caesar was dangerous .
To what effect ?	What did he say ?
There , my lord .	There , my lord .
Note this before my notes : There ’ s not a note of mine that ’ s worth the noting .	Just know this before I begin : I can ’ t play a single note that ’ s worthy of note .
Oh , falsely , falsely murdered !	Oh , I ’ ve been murdered unfairly !
Mere prattle without practice Is all his soldiership .	His military understanding is all theory , no practice .
No , by my life and soul !	No , I swear by my life and soul !
From this time Such I account thy love .	From now on this is what I ’ ll think of your love .
O Bottom , thou art changed !	Oh Bottom , you are changed !
Wast ever in court , shepherd ?	Were you ever at court , shepherd ?
Dost thou mean the crown ?	Are you talking about the crown ?
That ’ s more to me than my wetting .	That upsets me much more than getting wet .
A man no mightier than thyself or me In personal action , yet prodigious grown , And fearful as these strange eruptions are .	A man no mightier than you or I in ability , yet grown as huge and frightening as tonight ’ s strange happenings .
It goes not forward .	It won ’ t go on .
Nay , it is possible enough to judgment .	Yes , we get the idea .
Discern ’ st thou aught in that ?	Do you see something wrong with that ?
I think his soul is in hell , madonna .	I think his soul ’ s in hell , my lady .
She gives it out that you shall marry her .	She says you ’ re going to marry her .
When our actions do not , Our fears do make us traitors .	Even if you ’ re not a traitor , you ’ re going to look like one if you run away .
Swagger ?	Swaggering ?
Ah , cut my lace asunder , That my pent heart may have some scope to beat , Or else I swoon with this dead-killing news !	Oh , cut my bodice-staps so that my pent-up heart can have some room to breathe , or I ’ ll faint from this deadly news !
Upon the platform , ' twixt eleven and twelve , I 'll visit you .	On the platform , between eleven and twelve , I ’ ll visit you .
aside &ket; Poor worm , thou art infected !	Aside &ket; Poor worm !
Dost thou say so ?	Do you really think so ?
Heaven keep that monster from Othello 's mind !	Heaven keep that monster from Othello 's mind !
No eyes in your head , nor no money in your purse ?	No eyes in your head til there ’ s money in your wallet ?
Eyes , do you see ?	Eyes , do you see ?
Were you well served , you would be taught your duty .	If you got what you deserved , you would learn some respect .
Then thou art damned .	Then you are damned .
But you 'll be secret ?	And you 'll keep it secret ?
Oh , ten times faster Venus ' pigeons fly To seal love ’ s bonds new made than they are wont To keep obligèd faith unforfeited .	Yes , for new lovers time passes ten times faster than for couples who ’ ve been married forever .
Art thou wise ?	Are you wise ?
A friend of Antony ’ s .	It ’ s a friend of Antony ’ s .
See , here he comes .	Here he comes .
What should I say , sweet lady ?	What should I say , sweet lady ?
Be innocent of the knowledge , dearest chuck , Till thou applaud the deed .	I don ’ t want you to know , dearest sweetheart , Until you can applaud the deed .
O Pyramus , arise , Speak , speak .	Oh Pyramus , arise , Speak , speak .
I have heard it over , And it is nothing , nothing in the world — Unless you can find sport in their intents , Extremely stretched and conned with cru ' l pain To do you service .	I ’ ve seen the whole thing , and it ’ s completely worthless — unless you think their bad acting and their misremembered lines — which they memorized so painfully — are funny .
What do you here ?	What do you want ?
My charms crack not , my spirits obey , and time Goes upright with his carriage .	My spells are working well , my spirits are obeying me , and everything is right on schedule .
Speak .	Tell me .
It is to be all made of faith and service , And so am I for Phoebe .	It means being faithful and ready to serve , just like I am for Phoebe .
I say thy husband .	I said your husband .
Indeed , I am no mourner for that news , Because they have been still my adversaries .	Well , I ’ m not sorry to hear that , because they have always been my enemies .
I will not stay to offend you .	I will not stay to offend you .
Notable pirate !	But you ’ re a famous pirate !
Then , by myself — Thyself is self-misused .	St. George loses his holiness once Then , by myself — You ’ ve misused yourself .
Why , what a king is this !	Why , what a king is this !
Ill rest betide the chamber where thou liest !	There is no rest to be had in any bedroom where you are !
Your Majesty came not like yourself .	Your Majesty didn ’ t present yourself as the king .
I am aweary of this moon .	I am weary of this moon .
Ay , Hamlet .	Yes , Hamlet .
Faith , half asleep .	Faith , half asleep .
How now ?	Hello , sir .
I saw Othello ’ s visage in his mind , And to his honors and his valiant parts Did I my soul and fortunes consecrate .	I saw Othello ’ s true face when I saw his mind .
I am afraid He will chastise me .	I ’ m afraid he ’ ll punish me .
What , can the devil speak true ?	What , can the devil speak the truth ?
Mine and my father ’ s death come not upon thee , Nor thine on me .	You ’ re not responsible for my death and my father ’ s , and I ’ m not responsible for yours .
This is the fairy land .	This must be some kind of fairyland .
Make the rope of his destiny our cable , for our own doth little advantage .	Make the rope of his hanging our rope for the anchor , because the one we have now does us little good !
I did not kill your husband .	I did not kill your husband .
No , not much moved .	No , not too upset .
Why , so didst thou .	Why , so did you .
I have not seen him this two days .	I haven ’ t seen him for two days .
I prithee , when thou seest that act afoot , Even with the very comment of thy soul Observe my uncle .	I beg you , when you see that act begin , Even with the very criticism of your soul Watch my uncle .
Faith , e 'en with losing his wits .	Yes , that one .
Why ?	Why ?
No , sir , God forbid , but ashamed to kiss .	But I ’ m ashamed to kiss , sir .
Well , let it strike .	Well , let it strike ten then .
He hath refus 'd it in the open court ; He shall have merely justice and his bond .	He has refused it in the open court ; He shall merely have justice , and his promise to pay .
Then God be blessed , it is the blessèd sun .	Then God be praised , it Petruchio , do whatever you like .
The devil damn thee black , thou cream-faced loon !	May the devil turn you black , you white-faced fool !
Thanks , dear my lord .	Thanks , my dear lord .
Ride , ride , Messala , ride , and give these bills Unto the legions on the other side .	Ride , ride , Messala , ride , and give these bills To the legions on the other side .
And for his cowardship , ask Fabian .	As for his cowardliness , ask Fabian .
The noble Brutus is ascended .	Noble Brutus has mounted the platform .
To prayers , to prayers , all lost !	We ’ re done for !
Is it not like the king ?	Doesn ’ t it look like the king ?
Enough to purchase what you have made known .	Enough to buy everything you have declared .
Fair is foul , and foul is fair .	Beautiful is disgustingly filthy , and disgustingly filthy is beautiful .
No marvel though she pause ; They can be meek that have no other cause .	No wonder she ’ s waiting to get married .
Are you a man ?	Are you a man ?
Tis true , my liege ; this ring I had of her .	That ’ s true , my lord : I did get this ring from her .
Tom will throw his head at them . — Avaunt , you curs !	Tom will chase them off . — Go away , you mongrels !
I am sorry I beat thee .	I ’ m sorry I hit you .
Shame , and eternal shame , nothing but shame !	Shame , eternal shame , and nothing but shame !
Will she go now to bed ?	Will she go to bed now ?
Hark !	Listen !
Hold then my sword , and turn away thy face , While I do run upon it .	Hold my sword , then , and turn away your face , While I run on it .
Speak , I charge you .	Speak , I command you .
My sovereign lord , I do beseech your Highness To take our brother Clarence to your grace .	Please pardon our brother Clarence .
What imports the nomination of this gentleman ?	What about the naming of this gentleman ?
Or if thou hast uphoarded in thy life Extorted treasure in the womb of earth , For which , they say , you spirits oft walk in death , Speak of it .	Or if you ’ ve got some buried treasure somewhere , which they say often makes ghosts restless , then tell us about it .
I would I were as sure of a good dinner .	I wish I could be as certain of a good dinner .
I ’ ll pay thy pleasure then .	Then I ’ ll pay you for doing what you like .
Come .	Come .
I prithee , Strato , stay thou by thy lord .	I beg you , Strato , stay by me .
Sir , I do know you , And dare upon the warrant of my note Commend a dear thing to you .	Sir , I know you , and I trust you enough to share something very important with you .
I know she is an irksome brawling scold .	I know she is a hateful , brawling scold .
If you shall send them word you will not come , Their minds may change .	If you send them word you ’ ll not come , They may change their minds .
Have you not hurt your head ?	Did you hit your head ?
Wherefore have these gifts a curtain before ' em ?	Why do you keep these talents behind a curtain ?
Nay , an I tell you that , I ’ ll ne 'er look you i ' th ' face again .	If I told you I understood Greek , I ’ d be lying .
You must not think I am so simple but I know the devil himself will not eat a woman .	Don ’ t think I ’ m so dumb that I don ’ t know that the devil himself won ’ t eat a woman .
And when shalt thou see him again ?	And when will you see him again ?
Do you see yonder cloud that ’ s almost in shape of a camel ?	Do you see that cloud up there that looks like a camel ?
So be it !	So be it !
Whilst he stood up and spoke , He was my master , and I wore my life To spend upon his haters .	While he was alive , I lived only to serve him and oppose his enemies .
Now I change my mind , And partly credit things that do presage .	I ’ ve changed my mind now and partly believe in omens .
Whose hand soever launched their tender hearts , Thy head , all indirectly , gave direction .	Whichever hand literally stabbed their tender hearts , you ’ re the one who gave the order .
You know I gave it you even now .	You know I gave it to you just now .
Come , woo me , woo me , for now I am in a holiday humor , and like enough to consent .	I ’ m in a good mood now and likely to give you what you want .
No , truly , unless thou wert hard-favored , for honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar .	Not really , unless you were ugly .
Why , it stood by her .	Why , it stood by her .
He was a man , take him for all in all ; I shall not look upon his like again .	He was a man , take him for all in all , I shall not look upon his like again .
Why , there ’ s no remedy .	And there ’ s nothing I can do about it .
Honest , my lord ?	Honest , my lord ?
O vengeance !	Ah , revenge !
What ’ s that , I pray ?	And that would be — ?
And then the justice , In fair round belly with good capon lined , With eyes severe and beard of formal cut , Full of wise saws and modern instances ; And so he plays his part .	He ’ s full of wise sayings and up-to-the-minute anecdotes : that ’ s the way he plays his part .
The son of Clarence have I pent up close , His daughter meanly have I matched in marriage , The sons of Edward sleep in Abraham ’ s bosom , And Anne my wife hath bid this world goodnight .	Edward ’ s sons have been carried off by the angels and Anne , my wife , has bid good night to the world .
A bloody deed .	A bloody deed !
A most scurvy monster !	A most nasty monster !
What , you egg !	What , you egg !
My niece is already in the belief that he ’ s mad .	My niece already thinks he ’ s insane .
You are a royal one , and we obey you .	Catch me if you can !
Thou didst prevent me .	You stopped me .
Bear free and patient thoughts .	Cheer up and be at peace .
Who knows not that the gentle duke is dead ?	Who doesn ’ t know that the good duke is dead ?
You shall mark Many a duteous and kneecrooking knave , That doting on his own obsequious bondage Wears out his time , much like his master 's ass , For naught but provender ; and , when he 's old , cashier 'd .	You shall see Many a duteous and knee-bending rogue That , doting on his own obedient slavery , Wears himself out , much like his master 's ass , For nothing but dry oats ; and when he 's old , dismissed From the service .
Hark !	Listen !
Niece , will you look to those things I told you of ?	Niece , will you take care of those things I mentioned ?
O , pardon , sir , it doth , and yon grey lines That fret the clouds are messengers of day .	O , pardon , sir , it does , and the gray lines over there That adorn the clouds are the messengers of dawn .
Here do I choose , and thrive I as I may !	I will choose this one and try my chances .
They met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together .	They came so close with their lips that their breaths hugged each other .
What says Polonius ?	What says Polonius ?
How chance thou art returned so soon ?	How is it that you ’ ve come back so soon ?
Marry , before your ladyship , I grant , She puts her tongue a little in her heart And chides with thinking .	I admit that in front of you , my lady , she keeps a bit quiet .
An we do not , it is pity of our lives .	If we don ’ t , it ’ ll be the biggest disappointment of our lives .
Nobody .	No one .
Look to her , Moor , if thou hast eyes to see .	Keep an eye on her , Moor .
My dear master , My captain , and my emperor , let me say , Before I strike this bloody stroke , farewell .	My dear master , my captain , my sovereign , let me say before I strike this fatal blow : farewell .
The last of all the Romans , fare thee well !	Good-bye to you , the last of all the Romans .
Good morrow to my sovereign king and queen , And , princely peers , a happy time of day .	Good morning to my sovereign king and queen .
Nay , good my lord — It is but foolery ; but it is such a kind of gain-giving as would perhaps trouble a woman .	No , my good lord , It ’ s only foolishness , but it is such a kind of misgiving as would maybe trouble a woman .
Nay , then — Well , well , th ' event .	No , not at all — All right , all right .
Let me sit down .	Let me sit down .
Had I as many mouths as Hydra , such an answer would stop them all .	If I had as many mouths as a seven-headed goddess , such an answer would shut them all .
Which is that adversary ?	And who is that ?
Thou sayst his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings .	You seasoned his food with screams .
No , not for Venice .	No , not for all of Venice .
Thou naughty knave , what trade ?	You naughty , Deceitful man , what ’ s your trade ?
My sweet Cassio !	My sweet Cassio !
Behind the arras I 'll convey myself , To hear the process .	I ’ ll hide myself behind the curtain so I can hear what happens , I ’ ll guarantee she 'll set him Straight .
Why , thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit .	So then , you must think that hairy men are honest and simpleminded .
This a good block .	That ’ s a nice hat you ’ ve got there .
Let it alone , thou fool ; it is but trash .	Let it alone , you fool ; it is only trash .
I have a daughter , sir , called Katherina .	I have a daughter named Katherina , sir .
No , Pompey , I have kept me from the cup .	No , Pompey , I haven ’ t had anything to drink .
Most radiant , exquisite and unmatchable beauty — I pray you , tell me if this be the lady of the house , for I never saw her .	What stunning , exquisite , and unmatchable beauty — but please , tell me if you ’ re the lady of the house , because I ’ ve never seen her .
Why , sir , cobble you .	Yes , sir , mend you .
When you are gentle , you shall have one too , And not till then .	When you are gentle , you shall have one , too , and not till then .
There 's two or three of us have seen strange sights .	There 's two or three of us who have seen strange sights .
No , by no means .	Definitely not .
Come apace , good Audrey .	Come on , sweet Audrey .
Gentle cousin , Let us go thank him and encourage him .	Gentle cousin , let ’ s go thank him and encourage him .
What man is that ?	Who is that man ?
So says my master Antony .	That is what my master Antony says .
Retire thee , go where thou art billeted .	Go back to where you ’ re staying and go to sleep .
This for him .	That ’ s all he asks for himself .
Thou makest me merry .	You make me so happy .
Take their examination yourself and bring it me .	Examine them yourselves , then bring me your findings .
My daughter !	It ’ s my daughter !
Go in , and weep not .	Go in , and don ’ t cry .
Alas , alas !	Alas , alas !
Peace , ho !	Peace , oh !
If thou canst cuckold him , thou dost thyself a pleasure , me a sport .	If you can get his wife , you do yourself a pleasure , me a sport .
Most royal sir , Fleance is ’ scaped .	Most royal sir , Fleance has escaped .
Go to thy cold bed and warm thee .	Get into your cold beds and warm yourselves up .
Is ’ t not denounced against us ?	Isn ’ t this war against me ?
What good is covered with the face of heaven , To be discovered , that can do me good ?	What good does heaven have in store that can do me any good now ?
In christening , shalt thou have two god-fathers ; Had I been judge , thou shouldst have had ten more , To bring thee to the gallows , not the font .	In your christening , you shall have two godfathers ; If I had been the judge , you should have had ten more , To bring you to the gallows , not to the baptismal font .
Come on , sir .	Come on , sir .
And , sir , tonight , I do entreat that we may sup together .	And , sir , tonight , I beg you that we may dine together .
In cash , most justly paid .	In cash .
I have been to seek you .	I ’ ve been looking all over for you .
Time shall unfold what plighted cunning hides , Who covers faults at last with shame derides .	Time will tell what you ’ ve got up your sleeve .
Away !	away !
What are you ?	Who are you ?
I am an ass , indeed ; you may prove it by my long ears . — I have served him from the hour of my nativity to this instant , and have nothing at his hands for my service but blows .	I am an ass , indeed : you can tell by my long ears .
Alas , I rather hate myself For hateful deeds committed by myself .	Alas , I hate myself instead , because of the hateful deeds I ’ ve committed .
Our friends all stay for you .	Our friends are all waiting for you .
Well , may you see things well done there .	I hope things go well there .
I know him well .	I know him well .
Well , my good fellows , wait on me tonight .	Well , my good fellows , wait on me tonight .
Poor lady , she 'll run mad When she shall lack it .	Poor lady , she 'll run mad When she misses it .
Fly , my lord , fly .	Run , my lord , run .
Not that , I hope , which you receiv 'd of me .	Not the one , I hope , that you got from me .
I have brought him a present .	I have brought him a present .
This is his second fit .	This is his second fit like this .
The service and the loyalty I owe , In doing it , pays itself .	In doing the service and the loyalty I owe you , I am well paid .
Sooth , madam , I hear nothing .	Truly , madam , I don ’ t hear anything .
Thou torturest me , Tubal .	You ’ re torturing me , Tubal .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Know me for Brutus !	Know that I am Brutus !
I would they ’ d fight i ’ th ’ fire or i ’ th ’ air , We ’ d fight there too .	I wish they ’ d fight in fire or in the air .
Who comes with him ?	Who comes with him ?
Fetch the will hither , and we shall determine How to cut off some charge in legacies .	Bring his will here , and we ’ ll figure out a way to reduce his bequests to the people .
O , fie upon thee , slanderer !	O , damn you , slanderer !
But , to my thinking , he was very loath to lay his fingers off it .	but , to my thinking , he was very reluctant to remove his fingers off it .
My love , my life , my soul , fair Helena !	My love , my life , my soul , beautiful Helena !
What would you have ?	What would you like ?
And thy father Was Duke of Milan , and thou his only heir And princess no worse issued .	And your father was Duke of Milan , and you were his heir , a princess .
Hast thou forgot her ?	Have you forgotten her ?
O murderous slumber , Layst thou thy leaden mace upon my boy That plays thee music ? — Gentle knave , good night .	Gentle boy , good night .
Asses are made to bear , and so are you .	Asses are made for bearing , and so are you .
Farewell , Cicero .	Goodbye , Cicero .
Help , help , help !	help , help , help !
Nay , I ’ ll come .	I ’ m coming , don ’ t worry .
An there be any matter of weight chances , call up me .	And if anything important happens , find me and let me know .
I have done the state some service , and they know 't .	I have done the state some service , and they know it .
Is there none here to give the woman ?	Is there anyone to give the bride away ?
I pray you , Let not my jealousies be your dishonors , But mine own safeties .	But I beg you , don ’ t interpret my suspicions as slander against you .
How does Hamlet ?	How is Hamlet ?
Ah , dear , if I be so , From my cold heart let heaven engender hail , And poison it in the source , and the first stone Drop in my neck .	Ah , dear , if that is true , let heaven make poisonous hail grow from my heart , and let the first hailstone drop down my throat .
If I once stir , Or do but lift this arm , the best of you Shall sink in my rebuke .	If I once get angry , And only lift this arm , the best of you Shall sink in my scolding .
Think ’ st thou , Hortensio , though her father be very rich , any man is so very a fool to be married to hell ?	Do you really think there ’ s a man fool enough to marry into hell — however rich the father is ?
Your reason ?	Why not ?
I shall answer that better to the commonwealth than you can the getting up of the Negro ’ s belly .	I can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with Portia ’ s African servant .
He finished indeed his mortal act That day that made my sister thirteen years .	It ’ s true , he died on the day my sister turned thirteen .
Farewell .	Good-bye , son .
Come .	Come on .
Let him command , And to obey shall be in me remorse , What bloody business ever .	Let him command me , and I ’ ll do whatever he asks , no matter how violent .
All that I have to say is to tell you that the lanthorn is the moon ; I , the man in the moon ; this thornbush , my thornbush ; and this dog , my dog .	All I wanted to tell you is that the lantern is the moon , I ’ m the man in the moon , this thornbush is my thornbush , and this dog is my dog .
Who comes here ?	Who ’ s coming here ?
Thyself do grace to them , and bring them in .	Introduce yourself to them , and bring them in .
With nought but truth .	With nothing but truth .
Sir , no .	No , sir .
O , how ripe in show Thy lips , those kissing cherries , tempting grow !	Oh , how ripe your lips are , Those kissing cherries grow tempting !
I will chop her into messes !	I ’ ll chop her into pieces .
Speak !	Speak .
Methoughts that I had broken from the Tower And was embarked to cross to Burgundy , And in my company my brother Gloucester , Who from my cabin tempted me to walk Upon the hatches .	I thought I had escaped from the Tower and was on a ship to France with my brother Richard , who persuaded me to leave my cabin and walk on deck with him .
Prithee , my king , be quiet .	Please , my king , be quiet .
Why , here in Denmark .	Why , here in Denmark .
Ay , I do .	Yes , I do .
And so , his knell is knolled .	And that ’ s all there is to it .
I pray thee , peace .	Please , leave me alone .
how now !	Come now !
What , my young lady and mistress ?	What , my young lady and mistress !
I do attend here on the general And think it no addition , nor my wish , To have him see me womaned .	I ’ m waiting here for the general , and I don ’ t want him to see me with a woman .
Whip me such honest knaves .	I would whip such honest rogues .
Pluck out his eyes .	Gouge out his eyes !
Who does do you wrong ?	Who treated you badly ?
Oh !	Oh !
Is he not able to discharge the money ?	Can ’ t he pay back the money ?
Iras , long farewell .	Iras , I won ’ t see you again for a long time .
Alas the day !	alas the day !
Another yet !	Another yet !
Oh , thou didst then ne 'er love so heartily .	Oh , then you never loved as wholeheartedly as me .
They are entirely welcome .	I thank you , sir .
The question of Cordelia and her father Requires a fitter place .	We need a more appropriate place to discuss Cordelia and her father .
The captain that did bring me first on shore Hath my maid ’ s garments .	The captain who brought me to shore has my women ’ s clothes .
This jest shall cost me some expense .	This little prank of hers is going to cost me .
Why in that rawness left you wife and child , Those precious motives , those strong knots of love , Without leave-taking ?	Why did you leave your wife and child vulnerable — the most precious things in your life , those strong bonds of love ?
I ’ ll rather dwell in my necessity .	I ’ d rather go without the money .
He left this ring behind him , Would I or not .	He insisted on leaving this ring with me whether I wanted it or not .
Complain unto the Duke of this indignity .	Go lodge a complaint about this with the duke .
Infect her beauty , You fen-sucked fogs drawn by the powerful sun , To fall and blister !	I hope poisonous swampy fog covers her face and ruins her complexion !
Tell me that .	Tell me .
Say that she rail ; why then I ’ ll tell her plain She sings as sweetly as a nightingale .	If she rants , I ’ ll tell her that she sings as sweetly as a nightingale .
I will not change my horse with any that treads but on four pasterns .	I will not trade my horse for any that walks on four legs .
If Cleopatra heard you , your reproof Were well deserved of rashness .	If Cleopatra heard you , you would be well punished for your audacity .
You shall not go .	You ’ re not going anywhere .
Whisper her ear and tell her I and Ursula Walk in the orchard , and our whole discourse Is all of her .	Whisper to her that Ursula and I are walking in the orchard and that we ’ re talking all about her .
Lysander riddles very prettily .	Lysander riddles very prettily .
Diseases desperate grown By desperate appliance are relieved , Or not at all .	Diseases grown desperate are best healed by desperate measures , Or not at all .
I cannot speak enough of this content ; It stops me here ; it is too much of joy : And this , and this , the greatest discords be They kiss .	I cannot speak enough of this contentment ; It stops me here ; it is too joyful .
I have no ambition To see a goodlier man .	I don ’ t feel any urge to see a more handsome man than this one .
I can write very like my lady your niece : on a forgotten matter we can hardly make distinction of our hands .	I can make my handwriting look just like Lady Olivia ’ s : she
They are .	They are .
Ay , and briefly .	Yes , and briefly .
Why , so I did , but looked for no reply .	Yes , I was , but I don ’ t want an answer from you .
Knock you here , sir ?	Moron !
Whereby hangs a tale , sir ?	What “ half the story , ” sir ?
My love doth so approve him That even his stubbornness , his checks , his frowns — Prithee , unpin me — have grace and favor .	I love him even when he ’ s harsh and mean — Help me unpin this , would you ? — I love even his stubbornness , his frowns , his bad moods .
If a Jew wrong a Christian , what is his humility ?	If a Jew wrongs a Christian , what is his option ?
Briefly , I dwell by the Capitol .	Getting right to the point , I live near the Capitol .
I thank you , valiant Cassio .	I thank you , valiant Cassio .
Freedom high-day !	Freedom , high day !
Those uncles which you want were dangerous .	Those uncles that you wish were here were dangerous .
I stay too long .	I ’ ve stayed too long .
If she confess that she was half the wooer , Destruction on my head if my bad blame Light on the man . — Come hither , gentle mistress .	If she admits she wanted this , then I won ’ t blame Othello . — Come here , my child .
Beggar that I am , I am even poor in thanks ; but I thank you ; And sure , dear friends , my thanks are too dear a halfpenny .	Beggar that I am , I am even poor in thanks , but I thank you , and sure , dear friends , my thanks are a halfpenny too expensive .
I will o ’ ertake thee , Cleopatra , and Weep for my pardon .	I will catch up with you , Cleopatra , and weep for your forgiveness .
Bind fast his corky arms .	Tie up his withered old arms .
Soft !	Wait !
I heard it not .	I didn ’ t hear it .
Where 's the Thane of Cawdor ?	Where 's the Baron of Cawdor ?
Indeed she 's a most fresh and delicate creature .	Indeed , she is a very fresh and delicate creature .
Give me some light .	Give me some light .
Oh , look , sir , look , sir !	Oh , look , sir , look , sir !
And of women .	And women .
A lord to a lord , a man to a man , stuffed with all honorable virtues .	He ’ s a lord to a lord and a man to a man .
They are not near my conscience .	I don ’ t feel guilty about them at all .
I should be wise ; for honesty 's a fool , And loses that it works for .	I should be wise , because honesty 's a fool , And loses what it works for .
Speak to me .	You can speak to me .
Who talks within there ?	Who ’ s in there ?
Tis one Iago , ancient to the general .	A man named Iago , the general ’ s ensign .
All-seeing heaven , what a world is this !	Oh my God , what a terrible world this is !
Ay , but the mustard is too hot a little .	Yes , but the mustard is probably too hot .
Avoid , and leave him .	Leave us .
O the heavens !	Oh , the heavens !
So would not I.	That ’ s not what I wish .
Wot you what , my lord ?	You know what , my lord ?
Have I not reason , beldams as you are ?	Don ’ t I have a reason to be angry , you disobedient hags ?
March to the bridge .	March to the bridge .
I cannot speak Any beginning to this peevish odds , And would in action glorious I had lost Those legs that brought me to a part of it .	I ’ d rather have lost my legs in battle than be a part of this !
And if tomorrow Our navy thrive , I have an absolute hope Our landmen will stand up .	And if our navy wins tomorrow , no doubt our army will do their part .
As for my wife , I would you had her spirit in such another .	As for my wife , if only you had such a wife .
on the ground !	on the ground !
My pulse as yours doth temperately keep time And makes as healthful music .	My pulse does temperately keep time like yours , And is just as healthful as yours .
O Clitus !	Oh Clitus !
Where the place ?	Where should we meet ?
Fourscore ducats at a sitting !	Eighty ducats in one shot !
With him ?	With him !
Which is Sebastian ?	Which one is Sebastian ?
I am amazed , and know not what to say .	I am amazed , and don ’ t know what to say .
The lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient .	The lieutenant has to get to heaven before the ensign .
Nay , then , good night our part .	So much for our plan .
O brave new world That has such people in 't !	O brave new world That has such people in it !
And how does your content Tender your own good fortune ?	And does this prospect of good fortune make you happy ?
A poor unfortunate beggar .	That was a poor unlucky beggar .
His folly , Helena , is no fault of mine .	It ’ s not my fault he acts like that , Helena .
Hard-handed men that work in Athens here , Which never labour 'd in their minds till now ; And now have toil 'd their unbreathed memories With this same play against your nuptial .	Hard working men that work here in Athens , Who never worked in their minds until now , And now they have toiled their bad memories To do this play in honor of your wedding .
Doth his Majesty Incline to it or no ?	Ugh !
Gentlemen both , you will mistake each other .	Now , now , both of you gentlemen !
O ye gods , Render me worthy of this noble wife !	Oh , gods , make me worthy of this noble wife !
But is all this for your father ?	Is all of this about your father ?
If of life you keep a care , Shake off slumber , and beware .	If you care about your life , Shake off slumber , and beware .
Brother John Bates , is not that the morning which breaks yonder ?	Brother John Bates , isn ’ t that dawn breaking over there ?
His breeding , sir , hath been at my charge .	Yes , I ’ ve been responsible for his upbringing .
I do .	Yes , I do .
The galleys Have sent a dozen sequent messengers This very night at one another ’ s heels , And many of the consuls , raised and met , Are at the Duke ’ s already .	The warships have sent a dozen messages tonight , one after the other , and many of the senators have been awakened and are at the Duke ’ s already .
Indeed , he is so .	He certainly is .
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
Do you know me , father ?	Don ’ t you know me , father ?
What I have done That might your nature , honour , and exception Roughly awake , I here proclaim was madness .	What I have done That might deeply hurt your nature , honor , And complaints , I here proclaim was craziness .
Sir , have pity , I ’ ll be his surety .	Father , take pity on him .
You say right , sir ; o ' Monday morning ; ' twas so indeed .	On Monday morning , it was true indeed .
Why did he so ?	Why did he do that ?
Well , come again tomorrow .	Just come again tomorrow .
Oh , my lord , wisdom and blood combating in so tender a body , we have ten proofs to one that blood hath the victory .	Oh , my lord , when wisdom and passion are in one body , it ’ s ten to one that the passion will win .
Hark !	Listen !
Thou praisest the worst best .	You give your best praise to the worst women .
If thou follow him , thou must needs wear my coxcomb . — How now , nuncle ?	If you work for him , you ’ re a fool and should wear a fool ’ s cap . — So how ’ s it going , uncle ?
Call him hither , good Monsieur Le Beau .	Call him over here , good Monsieur Le Beau .
As manhood shall compound .	We ’ ll see , won ’ t we ?
I had as lief thou didst break his neck as his finger .	I ’ d be just as happy if you broke his neck as his finger .
Twice then the trumpets sounded , And there I left him tranced .	Then I heard the trumpets blow twice , and left him there in a trance .
What should this mean ?	What does this mean ?
Welcome to Cyprus .	Welcome to Cyprus .
My uncle ?	My uncle ?
But here comes Antony .	But here comes Antony .
O my prophetic soul !	O my prophetic soul !
My brother he is in Elysium .	My brother is in heaven .
Sure , ’ tis not so .	I don ’ t think so .
Amen , with all my heart .	Amen to that , from the bottom of my heart .
For your physicians have expressly charged , In peril to incur your former malady , That I should yet absent me from your bed .	Your doctors have expressly forbidden me to sleep with you , as there ’ s a risk that you might have a relapse .
Good words are better than bad strokes , Octavius .	Good words are better than bad strokes , Octavius .
I fear my Thisbe ’ s promise is forgot ! — And thou , O Wall , O sweet , O lovely Wall , That stand ’ st between her father ’ s ground and mine .	I ’ m afraid my Thisbe has forgotten her promise ! — And you , oh Wall , oh sweet , oh lovely Wall , you stand between her father ’ s property and mine , you Wall , oh Wall , oh sweet and lovely Wall .
Now Jove , in his next commodity of hair , send thee a beard !	Next time God sends out a shipment of hair , I hope he gives you a beard !
Truly then I fear you are damned both by father and mother .	In that case I ’ m afraid you ’ re damned by both your father and your mother .
Nay , I think it is scurvy , and begin to find myself fopped in it .	It ’ s wrong , and I ’ m starting to realize I ’ m being cheated !
We are sent To give thee from our royal master thanks , Only to herald thee into his sight , Not pay thee .	The king sent us to give you his thanks and to bring you to him .
O all you host of heaven !	Ah , all you up in heaven !
What follows then , my lord ?	What follows , then , my lord ?
Or do you but counterfeit ?	Or are you just pretending ?
Art thou afeard ?	Are you scared ?
Such a one Am I to fear , or none .	Such a one I am to fear , not anyone else .
Ay , but I fear you speak upon the rack , Where men enforced do speak anything .	Yes , but I ’ m afraid you speak out of torture , Where men will say anything .
That she brought me up , I likewise give her most humble thanks .	And then she brought me up , and I thank her for that , too .
Well , you are to call at all the alehouses and bid those that are drunk get them to bed .	Also , you ’ re supposed to visit all the bars and tell anyone who ’ s drunk to go home and go to bed .
But who is here ?	But who ’ s here ? — Lysander !
My necessaries are embarked .	My belongings are on the ship already .
Before me !	Before me !
None good , my liege , to please you with the hearing , Nor none so bad but well may be reported .	Nothing that you want to hear , my lord , but nothing so bad that I can ’ t mention it .
Your features , Lord warrant us !	Your features , God help us !
Do you withdraw yourself a little while ,	Why don ’ t you go away for a bit ?
If there be any in this assembly , any dear friend of Caesar ’ s , to him I say that Brutus ' love to Caesar was no less than his .	If there ’ s anyone in this assembly , any dear friend of Caesar ’ s , I say to him that my love for Caesar was no less than his .
Good madam !	Good madam !
I did , my lord .	I did , my lord .
But , too unruly deer , he breaks the pale And feeds from home .	But like an unruly deer , he ’ s always trespassing past the park borders and straying away from home to feed in new pastures .
Tis time I should inform thee farther .	It is time I should tell you more .
This is I , Hamlet the Dane .	This is I , Hamlet the Dane .
Hard , hard . — O filthy traitor !	Tie him up harder . — You filthy traitor !
A brave vessel Who had , no doubt , some noble creature in her Dashed all to pieces .	A fine ship , with some good people in it , I ’ m sure , smashed to pieces .
God 's my life , stolen hence , and left me asleep !	Oh my God , they have run away and left me asleep !
Most shallow man .	You worthless man !
You know me well , and herein spend but time To wind about my love with circumstance .	I owe you a lot , and like a spoiled kid I ’ ve lost what I owe you .
Or did the letters work upon his blood , And new create this fault ?	Or did the letters work on his blood , And newly create this fault ?
Half afeard to come .	He ’ s afraid to come in .
But I can tell why a snail has a house .	But I know why a snail carries its house on its back .
Nay , I will give thee a kiss .	No , wait .
Lady , you come hither to be married to this count ?	No , he comes to be married Lady , do you come here to be married to this count ?
She stood and spake .	She stood and spoke .
tis so , indeed .	it is so , indeed .
If I can recover him and keep him tame and get to Naples with him , he ’ s a present for any emperor that ever trod on neat ’ s leather .	If I can cure him from his fever and tame him , and get him back to Naples , he ’ d make a great present for any emperor .
They ’ re busy within .	They ’ re pretty busy in there .
How much unlike art thou Mark Antony !	You are nothing like Mark Antony !
Nay , you must forget that .	No , you must forget that .
I ’ ll tell the news .	I ’ ll tell him the news .
Ha !	Ha !
Mine honor was not yielded , But conquered merely .	My honor wasn ’ t given ; it was only dominated .
Thou liest , malignant thing !	You lie , malignant thing !
Ay , marry , sir , now it begins to work .	Okay , now it starts !
Sir , in good faith , or in sincere verity , Under th ' allowance of your great aspect , Whose influence , like the wreath of radiant fire On flickering Phoebus ' front — What mean ’ st by this ?	Dearest , kindest , most honorable sir , may I say , with your esteemed approval , which is lit up by the illuminating radiance of the sun-god Phoebus , that — What do you mean by that ?
Larded all with sweet flowers ; Which bewept to the grave did not go With true-love showers .	All covered with sweet flowers , Which drowned in tears went to the grave With showers of true love .
O inhuman dog !	You inhuman dog !
Come , gentlemen , let ’ s go .	Come , gentlemen , let ’ s go in .
So all hail , Macbeth and Banquo !	So all hail , Macbeth and Banquo !
Not Cassio kill 'd !	Cassio not killed !
One of my fellows had the speed of him , Who , almost dead for breath , had scarcely more Than would make up his message .	He sent a messenger ahead of him who arrived here so out of breath that he could barely speak his message .
Give me thy hand , Messala .	Give me your hand , Messala .
Go to him , Dolabella , bid him yield .	Tell him to surrender .
come , come ; Cut thread and thrum ; Quail , crush , conclude , and quell .	come , come ; Cut thread and thrum ; Quail , rush , conclude , and quell !
Madam , I will .	Madam , I will .
My brave spirit !	My brave spirit !
I never thought him worse .	I never thought any less of him .
Love , therefore , and tongue-tied simplicity In least speak most , to my capacity .	Therefore , love and tongue-tied simplicity can say the most even when they ’ re saying the least , in my opinion .
Follow ” ?	Follow ” ?
But this it is : our foot Upon the hills adjoining to the city Shall stay with us .	But here ’ s the plan : our army will stay with us on the hills by the city .
This likes me well .	I like this one .
to Alonso &ket; Therefore , my lord , — &bra; to Alonso &ket; Therefore , my lord , — &bra; to Sebastian &ket; Fie , what a spendthrift is he of his &bra; to Sebastian &ket; Fie , what a spendthrift is he of his tongue !	Therefore , my lord , — Damn it , what a waste he makes of his words !
I am desperate of my fortunes if they check me .	My situation is desperate .
Hail , Caesar , and my lord !	Greetings , Caesar , my lord !
You are a counterfeit cowardly knave .	You ’ re a lying , cowardly wretch .
Thanks , good my countryman .	Thanks , my good countryman .
First kiss me , Kate , and we will .	First kiss me , Kate , and then we will .
Before my body I throw my warlike shield .	I ’ ll put up my shield and battle you .
Things base and vile , holding no quantity , Love can transpose to form and dignity .	Love can make worthless things beautiful .
Therefore , O Antony , stay not by his side .	So you ’ d better not stay with him , Antony .
Antonio and old Shylock , both stand forth .	Antonio and old Shylock , both come forward .
How like a younger , or a prodigal , The scarfed bark puts from her native bay , Hugg 'd and embraced by the strumpet wind !	How the sailing ship leaves her native port Like a youngster or a spendthrift Hugged and embraced by the prostitute wind !
Goodly Lord , what a wit-snapper are you !	Good Lord , what a clown you are !
It is my promise , And they expect it from me .	I ’ ve promised them I would , and they ’ re expecting it .
At mine unworthiness that dare not offer What I desire to give , and much less take What I shall die to want .	At my unworthiness , that dares not offer to you What I desire to give you , or much less take What I shall die to want from you .
Seek thine own ease .	Make yourself comfortable .
By no means ” what ?	When he couldn ’ t what ?
Sit thee down , Clitus .	Sit down , Clitus .
I am sorry to hear this .	I am sorry to hear this .
It gives me wonder great as my content To see you here before me .	It surprises me as much as my joy To see you here before me .
A mote it is to trouble the mind 's eye .	It is a speck of dust to irritate the mind 's eye .
The play ’ s the thing Wherein I ’ ll catch the conscience of the king .	The play ’ s the thing to uncover the conscience of the king .
I will speak daggers to her but use none .	I ’ ll speak as sharp as a dagger to her , but I won ’ t use one on her .
I 'll run from thee and hide me in the brakes , And leave thee to the mercy of wild beasts .	I 'll run from you , and hide in the bushes , And leave you to the mercy of wild beasts .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
He is or ta 'en or slain .	He ’ s been captured or killed .
Lorenzo , and thy love .	I ’ m Lorenzo , your love .
The enemy , marching along by them , By them shall make a fuller number up , Come on refreshed , new-added , and encouraged , From which advantage shall we cut him off If at Philippi we do face him there , These people at our back .	If we meet him at Philippi , these people will be at our backs .
Even so . — Cover their faces .	Apparently so . — Cover their faces .
Pass .	That ’ s it !
Most like .	Very much so .
When I told you My state was nothing , I should then have told you That I was worse than nothing , for indeed I have engaged myself to a dear friend , Engaged my friend to his mere enemy To feed my means .	But my dear , when I said I was worth nothing , I was actually bragging — I should ’ ve said that I was worse than nothing .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is it possible ?
And come you now with “ knocking at the gate ” ?	Now you say it was “ Knock at the gate ” ?
I think so too .	I think so too .
He is my prisoner , and you shall not have him .	He ’ s my prisoner and you can ’ t have him .
She was here even now .	She was here just now .
This same skull , sir , was Yorick 's skull , the King 's jester .	This same skull , sir , was Yorick 's skull , the king 's jester .
But if these — As I am sure they do — bear fire enough To kindle cowards and to steel with valor The melting spirits of women , then , countrymen , What need we any spur but our own cause To prick us to redress ?	But if we have reasons that are strong enough to ignite cowards into action and to make weak women brave — and I think we do — then , countrymen , what else could we possibly need to spur us to action ?
Come , Hamlet , come , and take this hand from me .	Come shake hands with Laertes , Hamlet .
Look where it comes again !	It ’ s come again .
Our hour Is fully out .	Our hour is up .
Why , how now , Stephano ?	Why , how is it now , Stephano !
Are they like to take dust , like Mistress Mall ’ s picture ?	Are they likely to get dusty ?
You may , indeed , say so ; For ' twas that hand that gave away my heart .	You may , indeed , say so , Because it was that hand that gave away my heart .
In one voyage Did Claribel her husband find at Tunis ; And Ferdinand , her brother , found a wife Where he himself was lost ; Prospero , his dukedom In a poor isle ; and all of us , ourselves When no man was his own .	On one and the same trip Claribel found a husband in Tunis , and Ferdinand , her brother , found a wife where he was shipwrecked ; Prospero found his dukedom on a poor island ; and all of us found ourselves when we lost control of ourselves .
Which is the villain ?	Which one of them did it ?
James Tyrrel , and your most obedient subject .	James Tyrrel — and your most obedient subject .
Hath he set bounds between their love and me ?	Richard has set boundaries between my love and theirs ?
Be warned by me , then : they that ride so , and ride not warily , fall into foul bogs .	Take a tip from me , then .
After dinner Your hazard shall be made .	You can take your chances after dinner .
That ’ s not an office for a friend , my lord .	That ’ s not a job for a friend , my lord .
O , my old master . — Who hath bound him here ?	Oh , my old master ! — Who tied him up ?
Good morrow , worthy Caesar .	Good morning , worthy Caesar .
Why , one that swears and lies .	Someone who makes a promise and breaks it .
O Sisters Three , Come , come to me , With hands as pale as milk ; Lay them in gore , Since you have shore With shears his thread of silk .	Oh Sisters Three , Come , come to me , With hands as pale as milk ; Lay them in gore , Since you have shore With shears his thread of silk .
And I have been all this day to avoid him .	And I ’ ve been avoiding him all day .
And sowing the kernels of it in the sea , bring forth more islands .	And , sowing the seeds of it in the ocean , create more islands .
Do you confess the bond ?	Do you confess the promise to pay ?
Well , I will marry one day , but to try .	Well , I ’ ll get married one day , just to see .
Her father ’ s brother Would be her lord ?	That her father ’ s brother wants to be her husband ?
How does my good Lord Hamlet ?	How are you , Hamlet ?
The rest will comfort , for thy counsel ’ s sound .	Please go on .
Ay , marry , now unmuzzle your wisdom .	Yes , please ; unleash your wisdom .
Make we our march towards Birnam .	Let ’ s proceed on our march to Birnam .
For the Queen , I ’ ll take her to my guard .	I ’ ll take the Queen into my custody .
But your news is not true .	But you ’ re wrong .
We will speak further .	We will speak about this further .
Make it no wonder .	Not tonight — today .
I was enforced to send it after him .	I had to send it to him .
He ’ s that he is .	He is what he is .
And for Cassio , let me be his undertaker .	And let me kill Cassio .
Faith , I intend so .	Faith , I intend to .
I ’ ll make the motion .	I ’ ll give it a try .
Sweets to the sweet .	Sweet flowers for a sweet girl .
Thanks , sir : the like to you !	Thank you , sir .
Hath it slept since ?	Did it go to sleep it off ?
Well , I will call Beatrice to you , who I think hath legs .	I ’ ll go get Beatrice for you , who can walk here by herself — she has legs .
Well , proceed .	Ok . Go ahead .
Therefore get you on and give him his desire .	So go out there and give him what he wants .
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary ?	Have you heard any suggestion to the contrary ?
Think you my uncle did dissemble , grandam ?	You think my uncle was lying , grandmother ?
Revenges burn in them , for their dear causes Would to the bleeding and the grim alarm Excite the mortified man .	They burn for revenge .
Monsieur Cobweb ; good monsieur , get you your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle ; and , good monsieur , bring me the honey-bag .	Mr. Cobweb ; good monsieur , get all your weapons in your hand and kill me a red-hipped humble-bee on the top of a thistle ; and , good monsieur , bring me his honey-bag .
Cassio , my lord ?	Cassio , my lord ?
Many a man his life hath sold But my outside to behold .	Many men have sold their souls Just to view my shiny surface .
I must be cruel only to be kind .	How is Hamlet ?
Am I not stay 'd for ?	Isn ’ t someone waiting for me ?
Therein the patient Must minister to himself .	For that kind of relief , the patient must heal herself .
With all my heart , so thou canst get a wife .	With all my heart , if you can get a wife .
None in the world ; nor do I know the man .	None in the world ; I don ’ t know the man .
For me , three thousand ducats .	For me , three thousand dollars .
What , are they children ?	What , are they children ?
So all hail , Macbeth and Banquo !	So all hail , Macbeth and Banquo !
Yes , by heaven !	Yes , by God !
I pray you , tell it .	Please , tell us .
We will proceed no further in this business .	We can ’ t go on with this plan .
And thus she means , videlicet — Asleep , my love ?	And now she ’ ll start moaning , of course — Are you asleep , my love ?
In the secret parts of Fortune ?	In the secret parts of fortune ?
Is not this true ?	Isn ’ t this true ?
A kind good night to all !	A kind good-night to all !
If I do prove her haggard , Though that her jesses were my dear heartstrings , I ’ d whistle her off and let her down the wind To prey at fortune .	If it turns out that she really is running around on me , I ’ ll send her away , even though it ’ ll break my heart .
I marvel our mild husband Not met us on the way .	I ’ m surprised my bland husband didn ’ t meet me on the way here .
The gods best know — Oh never was there queen So mightily betrayed !	The gods know — Oh , never has a queen been so betrayed as I have been .
Go you with me , uncle of Exeter .	You come with me , uncle of Exeter .
But were the day come , I should wish it dark , That I were couching with the doctor ’ s clerk .	When the day comes , I ’ ll wish it were nighttime , so I could sleep with the legal expert ’ s clerk .
Fathers , from hence trust not your daughters ' minds By what you see them act .	Fathers , never trust your daughters just because they act obedient and innocent .
What is that noise ?	What ’ s that noise ?
I would have blowed up the town , so Chrish save me , la , in an hour .	I could have blown up the town in an hour .
Fetch me this herb , and be thou here again Ere the leviathan can swim a league .	Bring me this plant , and get back here before the sea monster has time to swim three miles .
Gentlewoman , my lady calls .	Maria , our lady wants you .
I ’ ll not answer that But say it is my humour .	I won ’ t answer that .
There , take my coxcomb .	There , take my fool ’ s cap .
I had rather be a dog and bay the moon Than such a Roman .	I ’ d rather be a dog and howl at the moon than be that kind of Roman .
Thanks for your pains .	Thanks for your pains .
O slanderous world !	The world ’ s a liar .
If I could add a lie unto a fault , I would deny it ; but you see , my finger Hath not the ring upon it , it is gone .	If I could add a lie to a fault , I would deny it ; but you see my finger Hasn ’ t got the ring on it ; it is gone .
Pray God , sir , your wife send you not a worse .	Pray God your wife doesn ’ t send you a worse one .
Thou art a villain !	You ’ re a villain !
O , treble woe Fall ten times treble on that cursed head Whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense Deprived thee of !	O , three times sorrow Fall ten times treble on that cursed head Whose wicked deed deprived you of your most wonderful Intelligence !
For Antony , I have no ears to his request .	As for Antony , I ’ m not interested in his requests .
I hope you do not mean to cheat me so .	I hope you ’ re not trying to cheat me .
I had most need of blessing , and “ Amen ” Stuck in my throat .	I desperately needed God ’ s blessing , but the word “ Amen ” stuck in my throat .
to fool ) Is thy lady within ?	Oh , I know .
The Moor !	The Moor !
But yet you draw not iron , for my heart Is true as steel .	But you must not attract iron , because my heart is as true as steel .
I ’ ll follow him no more with bootless prayers .	I won ’ t follow him around with useless pleas anymore .
Le Roy ?	Le Roy ?
Ay , but he will not now be pacified .	Yes , but now there ’ s no way to calm him down .
You advise me well .	You advise me well .
But what see I ?	But what ’ s this I see ?
You charge me most unjustly .	You accuse me most unjustly .
Who does beguile you ?	Who tricked you ?
Good night , lieutenant , I must to the watch .	Good night , lieutenant .
Blest pudding !	Blessed pudding !
But ’ tis all one ; ’ tis alike as my fingers is to my fingers , and there is salmons in both .	Nevertheless , it ’ s all one — the two rivers are as alike as my fingers are to my fingers , and there are salmon in both .
Not a drop before .	Not one drop sooner .
Set your heart at rest .	Get over it .
I would he had boarded me .	I could have sworn he trampled on me .
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
Or I do forget myself ?	That ’ s me , sir .
Alas , poor Harry of England !	Poor Harry of England !
One scene of it comes near the circumstance , Which I have told thee , of my father 's death .	One scene of it comes near the circumstances , Which I have told you , of my father 's death .
You speak not as you think .	You can ’ t mean what you ’ re saying .
I will reward thee Once for thy sprightly comfort and tenfold For thy good valor .	I ’ ll reward you once for your cheerfulness and ten times for your courage .
And so do I.	And so do I.
Ay , if you dare do yourself a profit and a right .	Yes , if you dare to do yourself a profit and a right .
I saw the handkerchief .	I saw the handkerchief .
Silence !	Silence !
How do you all at Verona ?	How ’ s everyone in Verona ?
O hard condition , Twin-born with greatness , subject to the breath Of every fool , whose sense no more can feel But his own wringing .	It goes along with being born to greatness , but it makes you get badmouthed by every fool who only has his own suffering to care about .
Away with the dotard !	Away with the doddering fool !
Why , all these should be in the lanthorn , for all these are in the moon . — But silence !	Well , all of these should be in the lantern , because they ’ re all in the moon .
Now near enough .	We ’ re close enough now .
It does , my boy .	I would , my boy .
Do you not know me , father ?	Don ’ t you know me , father ?
Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus .	It is in ourselves that we are like this or like that .
A friend should bear his friend ’ s infirmities , But Brutus makes mine greater than they are .	A friend should put up with his friend ’ s weaknesses , but you exaggerate mine .
You come most carefully upon your hour .	You ’ re really on time .
Bear ’ st thou her face in mind ?	Do you remember her face ?
But now they rise again With twenty mortal murders on their crowns And push us from our stools .	But now they rise from the dead with twenty fatal head wounds and push us off our stools .
Therefore , Jew , Though justice be thy plea , consider this — That in the course of justice , none of us Should see salvation : we do pray for mercy ; And that same prayer , doth teach us all to render The deeds of mercy .	So , Jew , Though justice is your plea , consider this , That if we all got justice , none of us Would see salvation ; we pray for mercy , And that same prayer teaches us all to do The deeds of mercy .
When he needs what you have glean 'd , it is but squeezing you and , sponge , you shall be dry again .	When he needs what you have found out , it is by squeezing you , and , sponge , you shall be dry again .
Why , now thou diest as bravely as Titinius , And mayst be honor 'd , being Cato 's son .	Why , now you die as bravely as Titinius , And may be honored , being Cato 's son .
Beg that thou mayst have leave to hang thyself : And yet , thy wealth being forfeit to the state , Thou hast not left the value of a cord ; Therefore thou must be hang 'd at the state 's charge .	Beg that you may have permission to hang yourself ; And still , your wealth being the penalty to pay the state , You haven ’ t got the value of a string left ; So you must be hanged at the state 's expense .
There ’ s another .	Here it is .
O peer !	O peer !
Well demanded , wench ; My tale provokes that question .	Good question , girl : My tale invites that question .
How now , interjections ?	What , are we playing with interjections ?
Would he were fatter !	I wish he were fatter !
There is one goat for you .	Here ’ s a goat for you .
Make a short shrift .	Make your confession short .
But yet hie you to Egypt again .	But you had better get back to Egypt again .
Now , if you love me , stay .	Look , if you love me , stay .
How think you of it ?	What do you think , madam ?
She robs thee of thy name , And thou wilt show more bright and seem more virtuous When she is gone .	You will seem even brighter and more virtuous when she ’ s out of the picture .
Sweetest nut hath sourest rind ; Such a nut is Rosalind .	The sweetest nut has the sourest rind And Rosalind is that kind of nut .
That ever holds : who riseth from a feast With that keen appetite that he sits down ?	That ’ s true : who gets up from a feast With the same hunger that he had when he sat down ?
A trusty villain , sir , that very oft , When I am dull with care and melancholy , Lightens my humor with his merry jests .	Often , when I ’ m dulled by worry and melancholy , he lightens my mood with his merry pranks .
And yonder , Caesar .	And there comes Caesar .
I cannot go to , man ; nor ' tis not very well .	I cannot “ OK , ” man and it is not very well .
Give me your hands all over , one by one .	Let ’ s shake hands all over again , one by one .
Give the word through .	Spread the word .
My good friends , hark !	My good friends , listen !
He longs not for the dawning as we do .	He doesn ’ t long for the dawn as we do .
The mayor is here at hand .	The mayor is here at hand .
Were they not forced with those that should be ours , We might have met them dareful , beard to beard , And beat them backward home .	If it weren ’ t for the fact that so many of our soldiers revolted and joined them , we could have met them out in front of the castle , man to man , and beaten them back to England .
He were a brave monster indeed , if they were set in his tail .	He ’ d be quite a monster if his eyes were in his tail .
One speak for both : — what would you ?	One of you speak for both of you .
Octavius , lead your battle softly on , Upon the left hand of the even field .	Octavius , lead your battle quietly on , On the left hand of the even field .
When you have spoken your speech , enter into that brake . — And so everyone according to his cue .	When you have said your lines , go hide in that bush . — Everyone else , go there too when you ’ re not onstage .
Many times , madam .	Many times , madam .
Well , do your discretion .	Well , do whatever you think best .
Good night to you .	Good night .
Go , bind this man , for he is frantic too .	Tie up the servant , for he is mad as well .
What it should be , More than his father 's death , that thus hath put him So much from the understanding of himself , I cannot dream of .	What the problem should be , More than his father 's death that has put him So much from the understanding of himself , I cannot dream of .
I think he thinks upon the savage bull .	I think he ’ s nervous — he ’ s about to become the savage bull who got domesticated .
Do you know me , sir ?	Do you know me ?
If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus , The rivals of my watch , bid them make haste .	If you happen to see Horatio and Marcellus , who are supposed to stand guard with me tonight , tell them to hurry .
And , you know , his means , If he improve them , may well stretch so far As to annoy us all ; which to prevent , Let Antony and Caesar fall together .	And as you know , his connections , if he put them to good use , might be enough to hurt us all .
Who shall stay you ?	Who are the people who want to speak with me ?
Call me what instrument you will , though you can fret me , you cannot play upon me .	Call me whatever instrument you want to , although you can try to cover my holes me , you can ’ t play me .
Go , one , and call the Jew into the court .	One of you go call the Jew into court here .
But wherefore do you hold me here so long ?	But why do you keep me here so long ?
Why so earnestly seek you to put up that letter ?	Why are you hiding that letter ?
Alas , Iago , my lord hath so bewhored her , Thrown such despite and heavy terms upon her , That true hearts cannot bear it .	He called her a whore so many times , and heaped up so much abuse on her that good people can ’ t stand to hear it .
God defend me from these two !	God defend me from these two !
Come , high or low ; Thyself and office deftly show !	Come , high or low ; Yourself and duties skillfully show !
Sblood , there is something in this more than natural , if philosophy could find it out .	There ’ s something downright unnatural about it , if a philosopher stopped to think about it .
Ay , or very falsely pocket up his report .	Yes , or hide the report in the pocket .
I will not hold thee long .	I won ’ t keep you very long .
O Dardanius !	O Dardanius !
Stands Scotland where it did ?	Is Scotland the same as when I left it ?
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
O gull !	O fool !
Nay , heaven doth know .	No , only heaven knows .
It cannot be .	I don ’ t believe it .
Would thou hadst less deserved , That the proportion both of thanks and payment Might have been mine !	I wish you had deserved less , Then the greater proportion both of thanks and payment Might have been my !
But I have words That would be howl 'd out in the desert air , Where hearing should not latch them .	But I have words That would be howled out into the desert air , Where hearing should not catch them .
I 'll follow thee , and make a heaven of hell , To die upon the hand I love so well .	I 'll follow you , and make a heaven of hell , To die by the hand that I love so well .
Now , by heaven , My blood begins my safer guides to rule , And passion , having my best judgment collied , Assays to lead the way .	All right , now I ’ m starting to lose my cool .
I see the ruin of my house .	I see the downfall of my family .
Fed with the same food , hurt with the same weapons , subject to the same diseases , healed by the same means , warmed and cooled by the same winter and summer as a Christian is ?	Doesn ’ t a Jew eat the same food , get hurt with the same weapons , get sick with the same diseases , get healed by the same medicine , and warm up in summer and cool off in winter just like a Christian ?
I think you set nothing by a bloody coxcomb .	Apparently you think there ’ s nothing unusual about a bloody head .
I did love you once .	I did love you once .
It struck mine ear most terribly .	We heard it very clearly .
Are you a god ?	Are you a god ?
Almost afraid to know itself .	It ’ s too frightened to look at itself .
What , thou meanest an officer ?	You mean an officer ?
Did you not speak to it ?	Didn ’ t you speak to it ?
How goes it now ?	How are things now ?
My lord , he doth deny to come .	My lord , he refuses to come .
I do ; and surely It is a sleepy language and thou speak 'st Out of thy sleep .	I do : and surely It is a sleepy language , and you talk In your sleep .
These clothes are good enough to drink in , and so be these boots too .	They ’ re good enough to drink in , and so are these boots .
If you shall cleave to my consent , when ’ tis , It shall make honor for you .	If you stick with me , when the time comes , there will be something in it for you .
What , may it please you , shall I do at Salisbury ?	What would you like me to do at Salisbury ?
I took thee for thy better .	I mistook you for the King .
Yet leave our cousin Katherine here with us .	In that case , leave our cousin Katherine here with us .
Know you him ?	Do you know him ?
Alas , my lord , what may you mean by that ?	Alas , my lord , what do you mean by that ?
Is it his use ?	Is it his habit ?
It was my turquoise .	That was my turquoise ring !
Some villains of my court Are of consent and sufferance in this .	Some villains in my court must have known about this and let it happen .
is your merry humor altered ?	Are you over your ridiculous mood ?
Good my lord , what is your cause of distemper ?	My lord , what ’ s wrong with you ?
In your bad strokes , Brutus , you give good words .	Brutus , you give a nice speech along with your evil strokes .
Yea , marry , let them come before me .	Yes , indeed , bring them before me .
There is a man haunts the forest that abuses our young plants with carving “ Rosalind ” on their barks , hangs odes upon hawthorns and elegies on brambles , all , forsooth , deifying the name of Rosalind .	There ’ s a man haunting this forest who abuses the trees by carving “ Rosalind ” on their barks .
No , ’ twas the vane on the house .	Just the weathervane moving .
Nothing but this : your true love for my master .	Nothing , except your true love for my lord .
Or I will live Or bathe my dying honor in the blood Shall make it live again .	By the end I will either live , or else I ’ ll restore my honor by shedding my blood .
But if it be a sin to covet honor , I am the most offending soul alive .	But if it is a sin to be selfish about honor , I am the most guilty soul alive .
So help me every spirit sanctified , As I have spoken for you all my best And stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free speech !	So every holy spirit help me , As I have spoken all my best for you , And stood shocked at his displeasure Over my free speech !
Alas , their love may be called appetite , No motion of the liver , but the palate , That suffer surfeit , cloyment , and revolt ; But mine is all as hungry as the sea , And can digest as much .	It ’ s as all-consuming and insatiable as the sea , and it can swallow as much as the sea can .
Keep promise , love .	Keep that promise , love .
O monstrous , monstrous !	Yes , monstrous , monstrous !
This fellow ’ s of exceeding honesty And knows all quantities , with a learnèd spirit , Of human dealings .	This Iago is extremely honest and good , and he knows a lot about human behavior .
Sleep thou , and I will wind thee in my arms .	Go to sleep , and I will wrap my arms around you .
Nature presently distilled Helen ’ s cheek , but not her heart , Cleopatra ’ s majesty , Atalanta ’ s better part , Sad Lucretia ’ s modesty .	Nature took Helen ’ s Cleopatra ’ s majesty , The best of Atalanta , And unhappy Lucretia ’ s modesty .
While that the armèd hand doth fight abroad , Th ' advisèd head defends itself at home .	While the armed hand fights in foreign lands , the wise head defends itself at home .
Why had I not with charitable hand Took up a beggar ’ s issue at my gates , Who , smirchèd thus , and mired with infamy , I might have said , “ No part of it is mine ; This shame derives itself from unknown loins ” ?	Why didn ’ t I just adopt a beggar ’ s child left at my doorstep , whose shame and dishonor I could have denied , not being its true father ?
Send for the man and ask him .	Bring him here and ask him .
Have you the lion ’ s part written ?	Do you have the lion ’ s part written down ?
Lo , where it comes again !	Look where it comes again !
I am not Stephano , but a cramp .	Don ’ t touch me : I am not Stephano , but a cramp .
Indeed , it is a strange-disposèd time .	Indeed , it ’ s a strange time .
Go to my chamber , put on clothes of mine .	Go to my room and put on something of mine .
Tis not needed yet .	It is not needed yet .
Thy conceit is nearer death than thy powers .	You ’ re not as close to death as you think you are .
Would they were basilisks to strike thee dead .	I wish my eyes were
Wilt thou know Th ' effect of what I wrote ?	Do you want to know what I wrote ?
I have told thee often , and I re-tell thee again and again , I hate the Moor .	I told you before , and I ’ ll tell you again and again : I hate the Moor .
Speak this no more .	Don ’ t speak of this again .
Thy spirits are most tall .	That ’ s enough .
Behold , I have a weapon ; A better never did itself sustain Upon a soldier 's thigh .	Behold , I have a weapon ; A better one never sustained itself On a soldier 's thigh .
In praising Antony , I have dispraised Caesar .	When I have praised Antony , I ’ ve disparaged Caesar .
O ill-starr 'd wench !	O ill-starred wench !
Good lads , how do you both ?	Boys , how are you both doing ?
As a friend .	As a friend .
I shall desire you of more acquaintance , good Master Cobweb .	I would like to get to know you better , good Master Cobweb .
So in the world .	So it is on earth .
Then I well perceive you are not nigh .	No ? — then I can see that you ’ re not near .
For both , my lord .	We ’ re ready for both , my lord .
My father Is hard at study .	My father ’ s studying hard , so he won ’ t see you .
What woman then ?	What woman then ?
There thou mayst brain him , Having first seized his books ; or with a log Batter his skull ; or paunch him with a stake ; Or cut his weasand with thy knife .	At that time you can smash in his skull after seizing his books ; or you can bash his skull with a log ; or you can stab him in the belly ; or cut his windpipe .
Horatio , thou art e 'en as just a man As e 'er my conversation coped withal .	Horatio , you ’ re the best man I ’ ve ever known .
Let no such man be trusted .	Nobody like that should be trusted .
I hate ingratitude more in a man Than lying , vainness , babbling , drunkenness , Or any taint of vice whose strong corruption Inhabits our frail blood — O heavens themselves !	I hate an ungrateful man more than I hate lying , vanity , babbling , drunkenness , or any other vice that we feeble human beings are susceptible to . — Oh , my God !
Wouldst thou have that Which thou esteem 'st the ornament of life And live a coward in thine own esteem , Letting “ I dare not ” wait upon “ I would ” Like the poor cat i ’ the adage ?	Would you have the crown Which you believe to be the ornament of life , And yet live like a coward in your own self-esteem , Letting " I shouldn ’ t " wait for " I would , " Like the poor cat in the proverb ?
O , my Antonio !	Oh , my Antonio !
in a town of war , Yet wild , the people 's hearts brimful of fear , To manage private and domestic quarrel , In night , and on the court and guard of safety !	In a town of war Still waging , the people 's hearts brimful of fear , To control private and domestic quarrels , At night , and on the court and guard of safety !
Silver .	Silver .
Bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the jail .	Tell him to bring his pen and his inkwell to the jail .
Now do I see ’ tis true .	Now I see it ’ s true .
Go forth , Agrippa , and begin the fight .	Agrippa , go start the battle .
I am not in a sportive humor now .	I ’ m not in a joking mood .
What do you mean ?	What are you talking about ?
Very foul .	Yes , very bad .
Whip me , ye devils , From the possession of this heavenly sight !	Whip me , you devils , so I don ’ t have to look at this heavenly sight !
If this were played upon a stage now , I could condemn it as an improbable fiction .	If this were a play , I ’ d complain it was unrealistic .
Say that I lingered with you at your shop To see the making of her carcanet , And that tomorrow you will bring it home .	Here ’ s the story we ’ ll tell her : that I was with you at your shop , watching you make her necklace , and that you ’ re going to deliver it tomorrow .
There ’ s a bargain made .	That ’ s a deal .
Fairies , skip hence ; I have forsworn his bed and company .	Fairies , let ’ s go ; I have sworn not to go to his bed or to keep his company .
Thou hast some suit to Caesar , hast thou not ?	You have some plea for Caesar , don ’ t you ?
You must to Parthia .	You must go to Parthia .
Get you to bed again , it is not day .	Go back to bed ; it isn ’ t day .
And therefore , like herself — wise , fair and true — Shall she be placèd in my constant soul .	And as long as she ’ s herself — wise , beautiful , and faithful — she ’ ll always have a place in my heart .
Doth thy other mouth call me ?	Does your other mouth call me ?
The queen carouses to thy fortune , Hamlet .	The queen drinks to your good luck and happiness , Hamlet .
Come , come ; Lend me a light .	Come , come ; Lend me a light .
Leave her to heaven And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge To prick and sting her .	Leave her to God and her own guilt .
Thou bloodier villain Than terms can give thee out !	You are too evil for words !
Upon condition Publius shall not live , Who is your sister 's son , Mark Antony .	On the condition that Publius shall not live , Who is your nephew , Mark Antony .
Has he , masters ?	Hasn ’ t he , gentlemen ?
But for a satisfaction of my thought ; No further harm .	Only to satisfy my thought , No further harm .
My powers are crescent , and my auguring hope Says it will come to th ’ full .	My forces are growing , and everything I know tells me it ’ s all coming together .
Are there balance here to weigh The flesh ?	Is there a scale here to weigh the flesh ?
O , widow Dido !	Oh !
Why then , lead on .	Why then , lead on .
How now , my metal of India ?	How are you , my golden girl ?
Montjoy .	Montjoy .
His hour is almost past .	He ’ s late .
Leave me with haste .	Leave me quickly .
And all the faith , the virtue of my heart , The object and the pleasure of mine eye , Is only Helena .	Now the only person I love , and believe in , and want to look at , is Helena .
Tis she must do ’ t , And , lo , the happiness !	She ’ s the one who ’ s got to do it .
For I am sick when I do look on thee .	Just looking at you makes me sick .
Give me the ocular proof ; Or , by the worth of man 's eternal soul , Thou hadst been better have been born a dog Than answer my waked wrath !	Give me the proof I can see ; Or , by the worth of man 's eternal soul , You would ’ ve been better born a dog Than answer my aroused anger !
But , soft !	But quiet .
First , rehearse your song by rote , To each word a warbling note .	First rehearse your song from memory , and make sure each note is pretty .
I am invisible ; And I will overhear their conference .	I ’ ll make myself invisible , And I eavesdrop on their conversation .
Thanks , Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz .	Thanks , Guildenstern and worthy Rosencrantz .
Is he not able to discharge the money ?	Is he unable to repay the money ?
Away , away , be gone !	Away , away , be gone !
Though it be honest , it is never good To bring bad news .	It may be honest , but it ’ s never wise to bring bad news .
I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown , yet ' twas not a crown neither , ' twas one of these coronets and , as I told you , he put it by once .	I saw Mark Antony offer him a crown ; — yet it wasn ’ t a crown either , it was one of these large hats ; — and , as I told you , he pushed it aside once .
Come , my lord ; and in our flight , Tell me how it came this night That I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground .	Come , my lord ; and , as we fly , Tell me how it happened this night That I was found here sleeping On the ground with these mortals .
Anon , anon !	I ’ m coming , I ’ m coming !
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
I must Once in a month recount what thou hast been , Which thou forget ’ st .	I ’ ll have to tell the story again every month , since you seem to forget it .
Pour in sow 's blood that hath eaten Her nine farrow ; grease that 's sweaten From the murderer 's gibbet throw Into the flame .	Pour in the blood of a female pig that has eaten Her nine piglets , and throw it into the flame With fat that has dripped From a murderer 's gallows .
Bounteous madam , Whatever shall become of Michael Cassio , He 's never anything but your true servant .	Generous madam , Whatever shall become of Michael Cassio , He 'll never be anything but your true servant .
It was two ere I left him , and now the clock strikes one .	It was two o 'clock when I left him , and now it ’ s one .
Hanging and wiving goes by destiny .	Destiny chooses when you ’ ll die and who you ’ ll marry .
This concurs directly with the letter .	This is just what the letter said .
Women are made to bear , and so are you .	Women are made for
Forever and forever farewell , Brutus .	Forever and forever , farewell , Brutus !
There to meet with Macbeth .	That ’ s where we ’ ll meet with Macbeth .
Why , farewell , Portia .	Why , goodbye , Portia .
How if I answer “ No ” ?	But what if my answer ’ s no ?
This was a venture , sir , that Jacob serv 'd for ; A thing not in his power to bring to pass , But sway 'd and fashion 'd by the hand of Heaven .	This was an enterprise , sir , that Jacob worked for ; A thing that was not in his power to bring to pass , But swayed and fashioned by the hand of heaven .
Stand aside .	Step aside .
O most false love !	Oh , unfaithful lover !
If swift thought break it not , a swifter mean Shall outstrike thought , but thought will do ’ t , I feel .	If grief doesn ’ t kill me , I ’ ll find a quicker way to kill myself — even though I think grief will do the job just as well .
How now , Grumio ?	What ’ s up , Grumio ?
We must do something , and i ' th ' heat .	We have to strike while the iron ’ s hot .
Very vilely in the morning , when he is sober , and most vilely in the afternoon , when he is drunk .	He ’ s pretty awful in the morning when he ’ s sobering up , and even worse in the afternoon when he ’ s drunk .
Murder !	Murder !
Dost thou live by thy tabour ?	Do you make your living by playing that drum ?
What mean your graces ?	What are you doing ?
How comes it , Michael , you are thus forgot ?	How is it , Michael , that you have forgotten yourself ?
For ’ tis most easy Th ' inclining Desdemona to subdue In any honest suit .	It ’ s easy to get Desdemona on your side .
I fear no uncles dead .	I ’ m not afraid of dead uncles .
What should that bode ?	What do you think that means ?
Welcome , my lord .	Welcome , my lord .
I would rather have one of your father ’ s getting .	I ’ d rather get a husband from your father .
I do believe it , and I ask your pardon .	I believe you , and I ask you to forgive me .
Monsieur the challenger , the Princess calls for you .	Mister Challenger , the princess wants to speak to you .
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit , Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite .	This rudeness is the topping to his good traits , Which lets men accept his words With better understanding .
Come , warble , come .	Come , warble for me .
Happy be Theseus , our renownèd duke .	Long live Theseus , our famous and respected duke !
By this light , a most perfidious and drunken monster .	What a lying , drunken monster .
We will .	Of course we will .
Wouldst thou betray me ?	Are you going to get me in trouble ?
O heaven !	Yes , surely ; O heaven !
You might do much .	Not bad ; you might accomplish something .
Nothing can be made out of nothing .	Nothing can be made out of nothing .
Here I stand , your slave — A poor , infirm , weak , and despised old man .	Here I am , your slave — a poor , sick , weak , hated old man .
Or here , or at the Capitol .	Either here or at the Capitol .
And take good note What Caesar doth , what suitors press to him .	And pay attention to what Caesar does and which men are close to him .
But wherefore could not I pronounce “ Amen ” ?	Only why couldn ’ t I say , " Amen " ?
And your reports have set the murder on .	And your stories have egged the murder on .
A sight most pitiful in the meanest wretch , Past speaking of in a king .	In a king , the sight is unbearable .
Oh , it is monstrous , monstrous .	Oh , it ’ s horrible , horrible .
Never so rich a gem Was set in worse than gold .	Nobody ever set a gem like her in a worse setting than gold .
Ha !	Ha !
Self-love , my liege , is not so vile a sin As self-neglecting .	Self-love , my liege , is not so great a sin as self-neglect .
Nor no man else .	It was me , no one else .
You must say “ paragon . ” A “ paramour ” is , God bless us , a thing of naught .	You mean “ paragon . ” A The duke ’ s leaving the temple .
We doubt not of a fair and lucky war , Since God so graciously hath brought to light This dangerous treason lurking in our way To hinder our beginnings .	I have no doubt that it will be a swift and successful war , since God so graciously exposed this dangerous plot .
Why , see you not ?	Can ’ t you see for yourself ?
No .	No .
Wherefore is that ?	What are you doing with a sword ?
Our time does call upon 's .	It ’ s time we were going .
God keep your Ladyship still in that mind , so some gentle- man or other shall ’ scape a predestinate scratched face .	Well , I hope you stay in that frame of mind or some poor man will end up with his face all scratched up .
And I another .	And I will give you another one .
Amen , say we .	Amen to that !
There ’ s more depends on this than on the value .	There ’ s more to this ring than its cash value .
Friends both , go join you with some further aid .	Friends both , go get some further assistance .
The greater therefore should our courage be .	But our courage should only be the greater for that .
Fie , thou dishonest Satan !	You should be ashamed of yourself , Satan , you liar !
Where is the Master , Boatswain ?	Where is the Captain , officer in charge ?
I cry you mercy , then , I took you for that cunning whore of Venice That married with Othello . — You , mistress , That have the office opposite to Saint Peter And keep the gate of hell !	I mistook you for that sly Venetian woman who married Othello . — You whorehouse-keeper .
There the grown serpent lies ; the worm that 's fled Hath nature that in time will venom breed , No teeth for the present .	There the grown serpent lies ; the worm that has fled Has a nature that in time will breed venom , But he has no fangs now .
What touches us ourself shall be last served .	Whatever pertains to myself I will deal with last .
Turn thy complexion there , Patience , thou young and roselipp 'd cherubin , Ay , there , look grim as hell !	Turn your face there , Patience , you young and rose-lipped archangel , Yes , there , look as grim as hell !
By my hand I swear , and my father ’ s soul , the work ish ill done .	I swear by this hand and my father ’ s soul , the whole thing is a disaster .
This servitude makes you to keep unwed .	It ’ s this servantlike mentality that ’ s keeping you unmarried .
Trouble us not .	Don ’ t bother us up here .
When the mind ’ s free , The body ’ s delicate .	When your mind is at peace , your body is sensitive to the elements .
He is slain .	He ’ s slain .
Your name , I pray you , friend ?	What ’ s your name , please , friend ?
Have you heard any imputation to the contrary ?	Have you heard anything to the contrary ?
Look how thy servants do attend on thee , Each in his office ready at thy beck .	Look how your servants wait on you , each one ready to do whatever you command .
The breaking of so great a thing should make A greater crack .	When such a great man dies there should be a thunderclap .
I crave the law , The penalty , and forfeit of my bond .	I want the law , the penalty , and the fulfillment of my contract .
Both , both , my lord . — This letter , madam , craves a speedy answer .	That these crimes are punished so quickly is proof .
The wiser , the waywarder .	The wiser the woman , the wilder .
Where ’ s the Master ?	Where ’ s the Master ?
He takes on him to understand so much , and therefore comes to speak with you .	He claimed he knew that , and that ’ s why he ’ s come to speak with you .
Tis a good hand , A frank one .	It ’ s a nice hand , an open one .
Come to me , that of this I may speak more .	Come talk to me about this .
Judge , O you gods , how dearly Caesar loved him !	Judge , O you gods , how dearly Caesar loved him !
What in the contrary ?	On the contrary .
Have at you with a proverb : shall I set in my staff ?	I ’ ll come at you with the old proverb : “ Should I make myself at home ? ”
You are keen , my lord , you are keen .	You are forward , my lord , you are forward .
As young as I am , I have observed these three swashers .	Young though I am , I ’ ve been observing these three blowhards closely .
I do repent The tedious minutes I with her have spent .	I regret all the boring time I wasted with her .
Prithee , peace .	Please be quiet .
But that , forsooth , the bouncing Amazon , Your buskined mistress and your warrior love , To Theseus must be wedded , and you come To give their bed joy and prosperity .	She was your boot-wearing mistress and your warrior lover , and now that she ’ s getting married to Theseus , you ’ ve come to celebrate their marriage .
I have spoke thus much , To mitigate the justice of thy plea , Which if thou follow , this strict court of Venice Must needs give sentence ' gainst the merchant there .	I have spoken this much To soften the justice of your plea , Which if you follow , this strict court of Venice Must give a ruling against the merchant there .
The will of man is by his reason sway 'd , And reason says you are the worthier maid .	The will of man is persuaded by his reason , And reason says you are the worthier maid .
I humbly thank your ladyship .	Thank you .
O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !	Oh Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !
If th ' other two be brained like us , the state totters .	If the other two are as loopy as we are , our country ’ s in bad shape .
What 's the newest grief ?	What 's the newest grief ?
My Oberon !	My Oberon !
And she is mine , and all my right of her I do estate unto Demetrius .	She ’ s mine , and I ’ m giving her to Demetrius .
This damned witch Sycorax , For mischiefs manifold and sorceries terrible To enter human hearing , from Algiers Thou know 'st was banished — for one thing she did They would not take her life .	They would not take her life for one thing she did .
There ’ s few or none will entertain it .	No one will listen to it .
Then I 'll look up ; My fault is past .	Then I ’ ll look up , My sin is committed .
Whose was it ?	Whose was it ?
You mean , to bear me , not to bear with me . — Uncle , my brother mocks both you and me .	You mean , to bear me , not to bear My protector , Richard , insists on it .
The very same .	The very same .
Yes , sir , I have indeed .	Yes , sir , I have .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
If I were Brutus now and he were Cassius , He should not humor me .	If I were Brutus now and Brutus were me , I wouldn ’ t have let him influence me .
Our house is hell , and thou , a merry devil , Didst rob it of some taste of tediousness .	It ’ s hell in our house , and you helped cheer it up , like a funny devil .
Neither my husband nor the slave returned That in such haste I sent to seek his master ?	Neither my husband nor the slave has returned , even though I sent the slave off running .
Why , I will see thee at Philippi , then .	Alright , then I ’ ll see you at Philippi .
Sir , in fine , Seeing how loathly opposite I stood To his unnatural purpose , in fell motion , With his preparèd sword he charges home My unprovided body , latched mine arm .	In short , when I told him how firmly opposed I was to his hideous plan , he pulled out his sword and lunged at my defenseless body , cutting my arm .
Why ask you ?	Why do you ask ?
Say you so ?	You think so ?
Thy royal father Was a most sainted king : the queen that bore thee , Oftener upon her knees than on her feet , Died every day she lived .	Your royal father Was a most sainted king , the queen that bore you , Oftener upon her knees than on her feet , Died every day she lived .
Either death or you I 'll find immediately .	I 'll find either death or you immediately .
This was but as a fly by an eagle .	That was nothing .
Therefore forbear awhile .	Tortured ,
There be some such , no question .	There are some such , no doubt .
What , with worms and flies ?	What , with worms and flies ?
There the grown serpent lies .	The adult snake lies in the ditch .
Mark , I say , instantly , and carry it so As I have set it down .	Go immediately , and do exactly as I wrote down .
I do entreat you , not a man depart , Save I alone , till Antony have spoke .	I ask that none of you leave , except myself , until Antony has finished .
Then fly !	Then run away .
Very well .	All right , I ’ ll stop .
If thou didst it , thou art the nonpareil .	If you cut both their throats , then you are the absolute best .
Ay , leeks is good .	Yes , leeks are good .
Where is Montjoy the herald ?	Where is Montjoy , the herald ?
Nay , get thee gone .	Go .
Didst thou not hear somebody ?	But don ’ t you see what a Did you hear someone ?
O , where , my lord ?	Where , my lord ?
There ’ s rosemary , that ’ s for remembrance .	Good-bye .
I do desire it with all my heart , and I hope it is no dishonest desire to desire to be a woman of the world .	I hope it doesn ’ t make me unchaste that I really want to be a married woman .
What news ?	What news ?
Now , my Titania , wake you , my sweet queen .	Now , Titania , wake up , my sweet queen .
Will you think so ?	Do you really think so ?
An evil soul producing holy witness Is like a villain with a smiling cheek , A goodly apple rotten at the heart .	An evil soul using a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you .
I will , my lord .	I will .
The time has been my senses would have cooled To hear a night-shriek , and my fell of hair Would at a dismal treatise rouse and stir As life were in ’ t .	There was a time when I would have been terrified by a shriek in the night , and the hair on my skin would have stood up when I heard a ghost story .
No , uncle , I ’ ll none .	No , uncle , I won ’ t be married .
What is the reason of this terrible summons ?	What ’ s the reason for this horrible shouting ?
Let our officers Have notice what we purpose .	Give our officers notice of our intentions .
She replied It should be better he became her guest , Which she entreated .	She replied by saying that it would be better for him to be her guest instead .
If thou canst love a fellow of this temper , Kate , whose face is not worth sunburning , that never looks in his glass for love of anything he sees there , let thine eye be thy cook .	If you can love a man of this temperament , Kate , whose face a sunburn wouldn ’ t make any worse and who never looks in the mirror to admire himself , let your eye improve me .
But if I had wit enough to get out of this wood , I have enough to serve mine own turn .	But if I were smart enough to get out of this forest , I ’ d be wise enough to satisfy myself .
Robin Starveling , the tailor ?	Robin Starveling , the tailor ?
Was this before the king returned ?	Did this happen before the King of France returned home ?
I hear it by the way ; but I will send .	I ’ ve heard about this indirectly , but I will send for him .
I gave him no order .	I gave him no order .
Why dost thou spit at me ?	Why do you spit at me ?
A lover , that kills himself most gallant for love .	A lover that kills himself most gallantly for love .
I dare do all that may become a man ; Who dares do more is none .	I dare to do all that may become a man ; Who dares to do more is not a man .
Oh , I followed that I blush to look upon !	Oh , I followed something I ’ m ashamed to look at now !
My grandam told me he was murdered there .	My grandmother told me he was murdered there .
What dost thou say ?	What did you say ?
He would drown the stage with tears And cleave the general ear with horrid speech ; Make mad the guilty and appal the free , Confound the ignorant , and amaze indeed The very faculties of eyes and ears .	He would drown the stage with tears And split the audience ’ s with horrid speech , Make the guilty crazy , and shock the innocent , Confuse the ignorant , and amaze , indeed , The very faculties of eyes and ears .
Learn of the wise and perpend : civet is of a baser birth than tar , the very uncleanly flux of a cat .	Learn from the wise , and comprehend : the courtier ’ s perfume is made from cat discharge — much more disgusting than tar .
And you shall speak In the same pulpit whereto I am going , After my speech is ended .	And you ’ ll speak on the same platform as I do , after I ’ m done .
O Lord !	Oh , Lord !
They do offend our sight .	The sight of them is offensive .
Sir , shall I to this lady ?	Anyway , sir , should I go see the lady ?
I 'll make thee an example .	I 'll make you an example .
My Regan counsels well .	Regan gives good advice .
You make me study of that .	I ’ m not sure about that .
O excellent young man !	Oh , what an excellent young man !
Where is Metellus Cimber ?	Where is Metellus Cimber ?
And yesterday the bird of night did sit Even at noon-day upon the market-place , Howling and shrieking .	And yesterday , the night bird sat In the marketplace , in the middle of the day , Howling and shrieking .
The one the other poisoned for my sake , And after slew herself .	One of the sisters poisoned the other out of love for me , and then killed herself .
O — Desdemona — My lord ?	My lord ?
Why , in good time .	Absolutely , yes indeed .
Come on !	Come on .
Directly , I am going to Caesar ’ s funeral .	Right this instant , I ’ m going to Caesar ’ s funeral .
Belike his wife , acquainted with his fits , On purpose shut the doors against his way .	His wife probably did it on purpose because she knows what kind of fits he ’ s having .
Say that you love me not , but say not so In bitterness .	Go ahead and say you don ’ t love me , but not so bitterly .
There to meet with Macbeth .	We ’ ll meet Macbeth there .
The Moor is of a free and open nature , That thinks men honest that but seem to be so ; And will as tenderly be led by the nose As asses are .	The Moor is of a free and open nature , That thinks men are honest that only seem to be so ; And will as tenderly be led by the nose As asses are .
The treacherous instrument is in thy hand , Unbated and envenomed .	The treacherous weapon is right in your hand , sharp and dipped in poison .
You were sent for , and there is a kind of confession in your looks which your modesties have not craft enough to color .	You were sent for .
Why the wrong is but a wrong i ' th ' world , and having the world for your labor , ’ tis a wrong in your own world , and you might quickly make it right .	Why , a bad action is just a wrong in this world , but when you ’ ve won the whole world , it ’ s a wrong in your own world , so you can make it right then .
Nothing .	What are you Nothing .
If any such there be , heaven pardon him !	If there is , then heaven help him !
My will , not all the world !	My will alone , nothing else in the world .
What he will do with it Heaven knows , not I. I nothing but to please his fantasy .	Heaven knows what he ’ s going to do with it .
And in this brainish apprehension kills The unseen good old man .	And in this headstrong state , kills The hidden good old man .
More , I prithee , more .	More , please , more .
It must be by his death , and , for my part , I know no personal cause to spurn at him , But for the general .	He must die , and , for my part , I don ’ t know a personal cause to throw at him , But for the general complaints .
Now , good my lord , lie here and rest awhile .	Please lie down and rest a while , my lord .
Hark further .	Keep listening .
God save you , sir !	God save you , sir !
Portia is dead .	Portia is dead .
My mistress here lies murdered in her bed .	My mistress lies here murdered in her bed .
And I ’ ll go to bed at noon .	And I ’ ll go to bed at noon .
Come , give us a taste of your quality .	Come , give us a bit of your quality .
Indeed , sweet love , I was coming to your house .	To tell you the truth , I was just going to your house .
Why , how should she be murdered ?	Why should she be murdered ?
Yea , an ’ twere a thousand pound more than ’ tis , for I hear as good exclamation on your Worship as of any man in the city , and though I be but a poor man , I am glad to hear it .	Yes , even if I had a thousand more pounds than that , for I hear that you are Me , too .
Say not so , Agrippa .	You ’ d better not make that suggestion , Agrippa .
Who ?	Who ?
O my dear brother !	O my dear brother !
I am young , but something You may deserve of him through me , and wisdom To offer up a weak , poor , innocent lamb T ' appease an angry god .	It would be smart to offer someone poor and innocent like me as a sacrificial lamb to satisfy an angry god like Macbeth .
Therefore , queen of all , Katherine , break thy mind to me in broken English .	Come , Katherine Queen of All , reveal your heart to me in broken English .
Caesar , I bring thee word Menecrates and Menas , famous pirates , Make the sea serve them , which they ear and wound With keels of every kind .	Caesar , I have news about Menecrates and Menas , notorious pirates who prowl the sea in a variety of ships .
Receive it so .	Here , take the ring .
O my son , what theme ?	O my son , what theme ?
The life ” ?	The life ” ?
Thou hadst , and more , Miranda .	Indeed you did , and more besides , Miranda .
The king , sir — Ay , sir , what of him ?	Sir , the king — Yes , what about him ?
I your servant .	And I your servant .
I will discharge it in either your straw-color beard , your orange-tawny beard , your purple-in-grain beard , or your French crown-color beard , your perfect yellow .	I ’ ll play the part wearing either a straw-colored beard , or a sandy beard , or a red beard , or one of those bright yellow beards that ’ s the color of a French coin .
Truly , sir , in respect of a fine workman , I am but , as you would say , a cobbler .	And you , sir , what ’ s Well , compared to a fine workman , you might call me a mere cobbler .
A fine woman !	Oh , she ’ s a fine woman !
Pluck them asunder .	Pull them apart .
As with the meat , some undeservèd fault I ’ ll find about the making of the bed , And here I ’ ll fling the pillow , there the bolster , This way the coverlet , another way the sheets .	Just as I did with the meat , I ’ ll make up some problem with the way the bed is made , and throw the pillow one way and the cushion the other , and the blanket over here and the sheets over there .
Tomorrow will it please you to be crowned ?	Will you be crowned tomorrow ?
That ’ s my office .	Well , that ’ s really my job .
Me believe it ?	Make me believe it ?
Ding , dong , bell .	Ding , dong , bell .
Our Italy Shines o ’ er with civil swords .	My Italy is full of civil war .
Come what come may , Time and the hour runs through the roughest day .	Time and happiness can run through the roughest day .
But as ’ tis , We cannot miss him : he does make our fire , Fetch in our wood , and serves in offices That profit us .	But as it is , We can ’ t dismiss him : he makes our fire , Fetches in our wood ; and serves in jobs That are to our advantage . — What hey !
If you mark Alexander ’ s life well , Harry of Monmouth ’ s life is come after it indifferent well , for there is figures in all things .	If you look closely at Alexander ’ s life , Harry of Monmouth ’ s stands up fairly well by comparison — for there are analogies in everything .
Heaven me such uses send , Not to pick bad from bad , but by bad mend !	I pray that God will let me learn from women like that — not to follow their bad example , but to avoid it !
I 'll call upon you straight .	I 'll call upon you in a minute .
So long ?	As long as that ?
Hast any philosophy in thee , shepherd ?	Are you any kind of philosopher yourself , shepherd ?
My lord , we were sent for .	My lord , we were sent for .
Alas , sir , it is worse for me than so , For I have bills for money by exchange From Florence , and must here deliver them .	I have promissory notes from Florence that I have to deliver .
Remember me . ” I have sworn ’ t .	He said , “ Remember me . ” I swore I would .
Seneca cannot be too heavy , nor Plautus too light .	Seneca cannot be too heavy nor Plautus too light .
Where love is great , the littlest doubts are fear ; Where little fears grow great , great love grows there .	Where love is great , the littlest doubts are very fearful , Where little fears grow great , great love also grows there .
Behold , there stand the caskets , noble prince ; If you choose that wherein I am contain 'd , Straight shall our nuptial rites be solemniz 'd ; But if you fail , without more speech , my lord , You must be gone from hence immediately .	Behold , the chests stand there , noble Prince : If you choose the one that I am contained in , Our marriage vows will be solemnized right away ; But if you fail , my lord , you must be gone from here Immediately without any more talking .
How shalt thou hope for mercy , rendering none ?	How can you ever hope for mercy for yourself , when you don ’ t give any now ?
If there be more , more woeful , hold it in .	If there ’ s anything more sorrowful left to add , keep it to yourself .
Did I not meet thy friends ?	Didn ’ t I meet your friends ?
My voice is now the king ’ s , my looks mine own .	I ’ m speaking for the king , but I look like myself .
Ay , now am I in Arden , the more fool I.	Yes , now I ’ m in Arden , and that makes me the bigger fool .
Nay , you need not fear us , Lorenzo .	No , you don ’ t need to worry about us , Lorenzo .
O Jupiter , how weary are my spirits !	Oh Lord , my spirits are tired !
Shall I do such a deed ?	Shall I do such a deed ?
My voice is ragged .	My voice is ragged .
But , for your conscience ?	But what about your guilty conscience ?
Far from this country Pindarus shall run , Where never Roman shall take note of him .	Pindarus shall run far from this country , Where no Roman shall ever notice him .
Excellent good .	Excellent good .
O , are you come , Iago ?	O , are you here , Iago ?
Ghastly looks Are at my service , like enforcèd smiles , And both are ready in their offices , At any time to grace my stratagems .	Frightening looks are also at my service , as are fake smiles .
O misery !	O misery !
I hope my noble lord esteems me honest .	I hope you think I ’ m faithful to you .
I remember .	I remember .
Arm you , I pray you , to this speedy voyage ; For we will fetters put upon this fear , Which now goes too free-footed .	Get started , I beg you , on this speedy voyage , For we will control this fear , Which now goes about too freely .
O , O , O , O.	Oh , oh , oh , oh .
As you from crimes would pardoned be , Let your indulgence set me free .	Just as you ’ d like to have your sins forgiven , Indulge me , forgive me , and set me free .
An I may hide my face , let me play Thisbe too !	In that case , if I can wear a mask , let me play Thisbe too !
Within a month , Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears Had left the flushing in her gallèd eyes , She married .	Less than a month after my father ’ s death , even before the tears on her cheeks had dried , she remarried .
Music such as charmeth sleep !	Play the kind of music that puts people to sleep .
Fare thee well .	Farewell .
Let me enjoy my private .	Let me enjoy my privacy .
I pray , sir , tell me , is it possible That love should of a sudden take such hold ?	Sir , is it possible that a person could fall in love so suddenly ?
That “ fair ” again unsay .	Take it back .
Be quiet , people .	Be quiet , people !
This will put them out of fear .	This will keep them from being frightened .
Come , stand not amazed at it , but go along with me ; I will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him .	Come , stand not amazed at it , but go along with me ; I will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to kill him .
Shall we not ?	Shall we not ?
Forth at your eyes your spirits wildly peep ; And , as the sleeping soldiers in the alarm , Your bedded hairs , like life in excrements , Start up and stand on end .	Your spirits wildly peep from your eyes , And , as the sleeping soldiers at the alarm , Your bedded hairs , like life in growths , Start up and stand an end .
Fortune is merry , And in this mood will give us any thing .	Fortune is merry , And in this mood will give us anything .
Well , old man , I will tell you news of your son .	Well , old man , I ’ ll tell you news of your son .
Do you not jest ?	You aren ’ t joking ?
Is 't like that lead contains her ?	Is it likely that the lead one holds her picture ?
Upon my sword .	Swear by my sword .
It is too hard a knot for me to untie !	I can ’ t figure it out by myself !
All men ’ s faces are true , whatsome ’ er their hands are .	Men ’ s faces are truthful , whatever their hands do .
I cannot tell .	It ’ s not for me to say .
She died , my lord , but whiles her slander lived .	She was only dead , my lord , as long as her slander lived .
I was contracted to them both .	I was engaged to both of them .
Why dost thou lash that whore ?	Why are you whipping that whore ?
I cannot tell .	I don ’ t know .
Marry , they say my uncle grew so fast That he could gnaw a crust at two hours old .	Indeed , they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw on a crust of bread when he was two hours old .
I think it is in Macedon where Alexander is porn .	I think that Macedon is indeed where Alexander was born .
And I , most jocund , apt , and willingly , To do you rest , a thousand deaths would die .	And I would die a thousand deaths cheerfully , if it made your life easier .
O , my poor brother !	Oh , my poor brother !
Arm , arm , and out !	Arm , arm , and attack !
I ’ ll tell thee how Beatrice praised thy wit he other day .	Benedick , Beatrice praised your wit the other day .
What is thy soul of adoration ?	Why are you adored ?
You ’ re much deceived .	You ’ re mistaken about all that .
No , let me not .	No , I don ’ t .
Why do you stay so long , my lords of France ?	What are you waiting for , lords of France ?
Do not bid me speak .	Don ’ t ask me to talk about it .
You , Roderigo !	You , Roderigo !
He ’ s in his fit now and does not talk after the wisest .	He ’ s having a fit and talking nonsense .
I would I were invisible , to catch the strong fellow by the leg .	You should mock me I wish I were invisible , so I could grab that strong fellow by the leg .
My husband ?	My husband .
Where be these knaves ?	Where are those bastards ?
This Lodovico is a proper man .	This Lodovico is a proper man .
Tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus .	What we are is up to us .
For , my good liege , she is so idly kinged , Her scepter so fantastically borne By a vain , giddy , shallow , humorous youth , That fear attends her not .	Because , my good king , England is so poorly led , her scepter so foolishly borne by a vain , silly , shallow , impulsive youth , that she ’ s hardly a threat .
A flatterer 's would not , though they do appear As huge as high Olympus .	A flatterer 's would not , although they do appear As huge as high Olympus .
Lo you , here she comes .	Look , here she comes !
Thy garments are not spotted with our blood , Nor thou within the compass of my curse .	Your clothes aren ’ t spattered with my family ’ s blood , and you aren ’ t affected by my curse .
Give me answer to it .	Tell me .
Come , draw the curtain , Nerissa .	Come on , close the curtain , Nerissa .
Cesario , you do not keep promise with me .	Cesario , you missed your appointment with me .
How cam 'st thou hither ?	How did you come here ?
Now could I drink hot blood And do such bitter business as the bitter day Would quake to look on .	I could drink hot blood and do such terrible deeds that people would tremble even in the daylight .
Ink and paper , Charmian .	Bring ink and paper , Charmian .
He ’ s worth more sorrow , And that I ’ ll spend for him .	He is worth more mourning than that , and I will mourn for him .
Could he dig without arms ?	Could he dig without arms ?
My brother Gloucester ’ s voice . — Ay , I know thy errand .	My brother Gloucester ’ s voice ?
How if he will not stand ?	you will And what if he won ’ t stop ?
He ’ ll make a proper man .	He ’ ll grow up to be a proper man .
E ’ en as the o ’ erflowing Nilus presageth famine .	Like the Oh stop it , you lusty bed-hopper .
We were Christians eno ' before , e 'en as many as could well live one by another .	There were enough Christians before — as many of them as could stand to live near each other .
Come hither , my dear Hamlet , sit by me .	Come hear , my dear Hamlet , sit by me .
Besides , their writers say , King Pepin , which deposèd Childeric , Did , as heir general , being descended Of Blithild , which was daughter to King Clothair , Make claim and title to the crown of France .	Besides , according to the French historians , King Pepin , who deposed Childeric , based his own claim to the crown of France on his descent from Blithild , the daughter of King Clothair .
Pray heavens he be , For I have served him , and the man commands Like a full soldier .	I hope to God Othello ’ s all right .
Give me thy hand , And let me see thee in thy woman ’ s weeds .	Give me your hand and let me see you dressed in woman ’ s clothing .
Here we .	This is our station .
We have kissed away Kingdoms and provinces .	We have kissed away entire kingdoms and provinces .
How hast thou offended ?	What have you done ?
Tomorrow night when Phoebe doth behold Her silver visage in the watery glass , Decking with liquid pearl the bladed grass ( A time that lovers ' flights doth still conceal ) , Through Athens ' gates have we devised to steal .	Tomorrow night , when the moon shines on the water and decorates the grass with tiny beads of pearly light ( the time of night that always hides runaway lovers ) , we plan to sneak out of Athens .
He is not yet arrived ; nor know I aught But that he 's well and will be shortly here .	He is not yet arrived and I don ’ t know anything Only that he 's well , and will be here shortly .
I grant indeed it hath not appeared , and your suspicion is not without wit and judgement .	I grant indeed it hasn ’ t seemed so , and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment .
To ’ t , luxury , pell-mell — for I lack soldiers .	Get to it , be lustful , sleep around — I need soldiers for my army .
Alone , it was the subject of my theme ; In company I often glancèd it .	He couldn ’ t eat without me talking about it .
He does well to commend it himself ; there are no tongues else for 's turn .	He does well to praise himself , because no one else will praise him .
Cousin , there 's fall 'n between him and my lord An unkind breech ; but you shall make all well .	Cousin , there 's an angry break up that ’ s fallen between him and my lord , but you shall make all well .
tis a quick lie , sir ; ' twill away again from me to you .	It is a quick lie , sir , it will go away again from me to you .
Caesar and Lepidus Are in the field .	Caesar and Lepidus are organizing their military operation .
I am one , my liege , Whom the vile blows and buffets of the world Have so incensed that I am reckless what I do to spite the world .	I am one , my liege , Whom has been so angered by the vile blows and beatings of the world That I am reckless in what I would do to spite the world .
I 'll court his favours .	I ’ ll court his favors .
Lord Alexas , sweet Alexas , most anything Alexas , almost most absolute Alexas , where ’ s the soothsayer that you praised so to th ’ Queen ?	Lord Alexas , sweet Alexas , most anything Alexas , almost the most consummate Alexas , where ’ s the fortuneteller you recommended so highly to the Queen ?
For every minute is expectancy Of more arrivance .	Every minute we expect more ships to arrive .
My lord , this is my daughter here asleep , And this Lysander , this Demetrius is , This Helena , old Nedar 's Helena .	My lord , this is my daughter here asleep ; And this Lysander ; this Demetrius is ; This Helena , old Nedar 's Helena .
Where ’ s Antony ?	Where ’ s Antony ?
Exceedingly , my lord .	Yes indeed it is , sir .
No masque tonight .	There ’ s no masquerade tonight .
This Lodovico is a proper man .	That Lodovico is a good-looking man .
Good night to everyone .	Good night to everyone .
For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog , being a good kissing carrion — Have you a daughter ?	For if the sun breeds maggots in a dead dog , being a god-kissing rotten flesh — Have you a daughter ?
I did very well note him .	I watched him very well .
As sure , my liege , as I do see your Grace .	As clearly as I see you , my lord .
A friend .	A friend .
O thou weed , Who art so lovely fair and smell 'st so sweet That the sense aches at thee , would thou hadst ne 'er been born !	O you weed , Who are so lovely beautiful , and smell so sweet , That the sense aches at you , I wish you had never been born !
The crows and choughs that wing the midway air Show scarce so gross as beetles .	The crows flying down below look as small as ants .
But then the mind much sufferance doth o 'erskip When grief hath mates and bearing fellowship .	Companions in sorrow alleviate our grief .
A tailor made thee .	A tailor made you .
Take what wife you will to bed , I will ever be your head .	Take whatever wife you want to bed with you , You ’ ll have a fool ’ s head forever .
O , had the gods done so , I had not now Worthily termed them merciless to us .	Had the gods taken pity on us , I wouldn ’ t be here calling them merciless .
He 's a traitor .	He 's a traitor .
Not black in my mind , though yellow in my legs .	My legs may be yellow , but I don ’ t feel blue .
Kill Claudio .	Kill Claudio .
What needed , then , that terrible dispatch of it into your pocket ?	Then why did you have to stick it in your pocket in such a hurry ?
What kind of god art thou , that suffer ’ st more Of mortal griefs than do thy worshippers ?	What kind of god is ceremony , which suffers more than its worshippers do ?
Why , as a woodcock to mine own springe , Osric .	Like a mouse caught in my own trap , Osric .
My people do already know my mind , And will acknowledge you and Jessica , In place of Lord Bassanio and myself .	With all my heart My staff already know my mind , And will report to you and Jessica In place of Lord Bassanio and myself .
He doth entreat your Grace , my noble lord , To visit him tomorrow or next day .	My lord , he asks that you please visit him tomorrow or the next day .
There , my blessing with thee .	Here , I give you my blessing again .
Wilt thou change fathers ?	Do you want to exchange fathers ?
You 'd be king o 's the isle , sirrah ?	You 'd be king of the island , servant ?
I would not marry her , though she were endowed with all that Adam had left him before he transgressed .	I wouldn ’ t marry her , even if she were as blessed as paradise .
Why do they run away ?	Why are they running away ?
You are naught , you are naught .	You ’ re naughty .
Not a word of me .	No , you won ’ t get a word out of me .
I would my father looked but with my eyes .	I wish my father could see them with my eyes .
Alas , thou hast misconstrued everything !	Alas , you misunderstood everything !
He does hear me , And that he does I weep ; myself am Naples , Who with mine eyes , never since at ebb , beheld The King my father wrecked .	He hears me ; And I weep because he does : I myself am Naples , Who saw , — and I haven ’ t stopped crying , — saw The King , my father wrecked .
And fix 'd his eyes upon you ?	And he fixed his eyes on you ?
Away !	Let ’ s go !
Follow , and see there be no harm between them .	Follow and see to it that nothing serious happens between them .
Am not I Christopher Sly , old Sly ’ s son of Burton Heath , by birth a peddler , by education a cardmaker , by transmutation a bearherd , and now by present profession a tinker ?	I ’ m Christopher Sly , son of old Sly of Barton-on-Heath , a peddler by birth , a Oh , this is why your poor wife is mourning !
But , my good lord — Wherefore should you do this ?	But , my good lord , Why should you do this ?
I am Cinna the poet , I am Cinna the poet .	I ’ m Cinna the poet ; I ’ m Cinna the poet .
For Pyramus therein doth kill himself .	It ’ s tragic because Pyramus kills himself .
Shed thou no blood , nor cut thou less nor more But just a pound of flesh .	Don ’ t shed any blood , or cut less or more than exactly a pound of flesh .
No , my noble lord .	No , my noble lord .
And yet to me what is this quintessence of dust ?	And yet , to me , what is this highly refined speck of dust ?
Which he will put on us as pigeons feed their young .	Which he ’ ll shove down our throats the way pigeons feed their young .
Is he not approved in the height a villain , that hath slandered , scorned , dishonored my kinswoman ?	Hasn ’ t he proven himself to be a great villain — slandering , scorning , and dishonoring my cousin ?
You are welcome , masters ; welcome , all .	You are welcome , masters , welcome , all .
How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport , That now on Pompey 's basis lies along No worthier than the dust !	How many times will Caesar bleed in amusement , That lies now next to Pompey 's statue , No worthier than the dust !
But , soft !	But , hang on !
Thus losers part .	Losers always leave quickly .
Then he offered it to him again , then he put it by again — but , to my thinking , he was very loath to lay his fingers off it .	Then Antony offered it to him again , and he refused it again ( though , in my opinion , he was reluctant to take his hand off it ) .
He hath no friends but who are friends for fear .	He has no friends except those who are too afraid to defy him .
There is some ill a-brewing towards my rest , For I did dream of money bags tonight .	I know because I dreamed of money bags last night .
No more !	Don ’ t say anything else .
They shall have none , I swear , but these my joints , Which , if they have , as I will leave ' em them , Shall yield them little .	I swear the only ransom will be these bones of mine .
And therefore ’ tis called a sensible tale .	That ’ s what makes it “ sensitive ” news .
Hear me yet , good Shylock .	But , listen to me , good Shylock .
It is no hidden virtue in him .	His virtue is not hidden .
Twere to consider too curiously , to consider so .	It ’ s thinking about it too much to think like that .
peace , this piece of toasted cheese will do ’ t .	piece of cheese will get him . — I challenge you to a match .
What you know , you know .	You know what you know .
My lord , I have remembrances of yours That I have longèd long to redeliver .	My lord , I have some mementos of yours that I ’ ve been meaning to give back to you for a long time now .
Michael , good night .	Michael , good night .
Welcome hither .	You are welcome here .
How dost thou ?	How are you doing ?
In which regard ,	of patience .
I deny it not .	I don ’ t deny it .
But since he is better we have therefore odds .	But since Laertes is better , we ’ ve given him a handicap .
Give me your pardon , sir .	Give me your pardon , sir .
Ay , and Wall too .	Ay , and wall too .
Yes , nightingales answer daws !	Noble people don ’ t answer to peasants !
I never gave him token .	I never gave him gifts .
Where are they ?	Where are they ?
Didst thou not kill this king ?	You killed this king , didn ’ t you ?
Canst thou so daff me ?	You think you can get rid of me that easily ?
Shall we go send them dinners and fresh suits , And give their fasting horses provender , And after fight with them ?	Shall we go send them food and fresh clothing and feed their starving horses before we fight them ?
My other self , my council ’ s consistory , My oracle , my prophet , my dear cousin , I , as a child , will go by thy direction Toward Ludlow then , for we ’ ll not stay behind .	You are my other self , my oracle , my prophet , my dear brother !
What dost thou say ?	What do you say ?
Lips , do not move ; No man must know . ”	I can ’ t let my lips say his name ; “ No man must know . ”
At seventeen years , many their fortunes seek , But at fourscore , it is too late a week .	Many men seek their fortune at seventeen ; at eighty , it ’ s a bit late .
He seems to have a foreknowledge of that too , and therefore comes to speak with you .	He claimed to know that already too , and said that ’ s the reason he ’ s come to speak with you .
Thou dost see I eat .	Can ’ t you see I ’ m eating ?
I humbly beseech you , proceed to th ' affairs of state .	Please , I ’ m asking you , go ahead and get back to your state affairs .
Ay , is ’ t , I warrant him .	Yes , it is , I think .
Well then , your bond ; and , let me see .	Well then , your promise to pay ; and , let me see .
Away !	Away !
What is your difference ?	What are you fighting about ?
Then brook abridgment , and your eyes advance After your thoughts , straight back again to France .	Skip over all the particularities between then and Harry ’ s return to France .
If one knight give a — Would you have a love song or a song of good life ?	Would you rather hear a love song or a song about the good life ?
Ay , are you thereabouts ?	Are you considering desertion , as well ?
Delay it not ; I 'll have him hence tonight .	I ’ ll have him away tonight .
Hast stol 'n it from her ?	Have you stolen it from her ?
These are gracious drops .	These are gracious tears .
Then he is dead ?	So he ’ s dead ?
And did not they Put on my brows this wreath of victory , And bid me give it thee ?	And didn ’ t they Put this wreath of victory on my brows , And told me to give it you ?
Help to dress me , good coz , good Meg , good Ursula .	Good cousin , good Meg , good Ursula , come help me get dressed .
Thou hadst need send for more money .	Tomorrow you need to get more money sent to you .
The hearts of old gave hands , But our new heraldry is hands , not hearts .	But these days , people give each other their hands without their hearts .
Passion , I see , is catching , for mine eyes , Seeing those beads of sorrow stand in thine , Began to water .	Passion , I see , is catching ; for my eyes , Seeing those beads of sorrow stand in yours , Began to tear .
How goes the night , boy ?	How ’ s your night going , boy ?
I do never use it .	That ’ s not how I do business .
Of Mantua .	Mantua .
Why , there then !	Well , then , there !
Hail , brave friend !	Hail , brave friend !
Come on , i ' God ’ s name , once more toward our father ’ s .	Come , let ’ s continue on toward your father ’ s house .
The spirits that know All mortal consequences have pronounced me thus : “ Fear not , Macbeth .	The spirits that know the future have told me this : “ Don ’ t be afraid , Macbeth .
Follow me not .	Don ’ t follow me .
Make the trial of it in any constant question .	Ask me any commonsense question .
Why , sir , I brought you word an hour since that the bark The fellow is distract , and so am I , And here we wander in illusions .	Why , sir , I told you an hour ago that the good ship This fellow ’ s gone mad , and so have I. We ’ re in some kind of dream world .
They would have me as familiar with men ’ s pockets as their gloves or their handkerchers , which makes much against my manhood , if I should take from another ’ s pocket to put into mine , for it is plain pocketing up of wrongs .	They would like me to be as familiar with men ’ s pockets as their gloves and handkerchiefs , which goes against my manhood , because to take something from another ’ s pocket and put it into my own is plain stealing .
Hark , Petruchio : she says she ’ ll see thee hanged first .	Listen to that Petruchio : she says she ’ ll see you hanged first .
Thanks , courteous wall .	Thanks , courteous wall .
God and the rope-maker bear me witness That I was sent for nothing but a rope .	I was sent for a rope !
Did not you speak ?	Didn ’ t you speak ?
Art not thou the Lady Olivia ’ s fool ?	Aren ’ t you Lady Olivia ’ s fool ?
Fie on thee !	To hell with you !
Kill me tomorrow — let me live tonight !	Kill me tomorrow — but let me live tonight .
The pig , or the great , or the mighty , or the huge , or the magnanimous are all one reckonings , save the phrase is a little variations .	The pig or the mighty or the huge or the magnanimous — they all mean the same thing , with some variation .
We all expect a gentle answer , Jew .	We all expect a nice answer from you , Jew .
Hark !	Listen !
What a pied ninny 's this !	What a drunken imbecile is this !
This passion , and the death of a dear friend , would go near to make a man look sad .	This passion , and the death of a dear friend , would go far In making a man look sad .
Hear my excuse .	Listen to my excuse .
How is 't with you , my lord ?	How is it with you , my lord ?
You ’ ve said , sir .	That ’ s the truth , sir .
I can swim like a duck , I ’ ll be sworn .	I can swim like a duck , I swear .
Yet marked I where the bolt of Cupid fell .	But I paid attention to where Cupid ’ s arrow fell .
I should have been a sore one then .	I should have been a sore one , then .
Why , mistress , sure my master is horn mad .	Why , mistress , my master is as angry as a bull with horns .
There needs no ghost , my lord , come from the grave To tell us this .	We don ’ t need a ghost , my lord , to come from the grave To tell us this .
I pray thee , sing , and let me woo no more .	Come on , please sing .
Nay , I prithee now , with most petitionary vehemence , tell me who it is .	No , I ’ m begging you now , tell me who it is .
Show his eyes and grieve his heart .	Show him and make him grieve .
Sister , you know he promised me a chain .	Sister , you know he promised to give me a necklace .
And leave us , Publius , lest that the people Rushing on us should do your age some mischief .	And leave us , Publius for fear that the people Will attack us , doing some mischief to your old body .
Then let thy love be younger than thyself , Or thy affection cannot hold the bent .	So find someone younger to love , or you won ’ t be able to maintain your feelings .
Welcome , good Robin .	Welcome , good Robin .
You may be pleased to catch at mine intent By what did here befall me .	You can judge for yourself what I mean .
Why , true , he means to make a puppet of thee .	Yes , that ’ s it !
Art thou thus boldened , man , by thy distress Or else a rude despiser of good manners , That in civility thou seem ’ st so empty ?	Are you acting so boldly from hardship or because you despise good manners ?
Signor Bassanio !	Signor Bassanio !
Wilt thou know The effect of what I wrote ?	Do you want to know The effect of what I wrote ?
Thou flea , thou nit , thou winter cricket thou !	You flea , you louse , you winter cricket !
Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the city ?	Are they as popular as they used to be when I lived in the city ?
What a sigh is there !	What a sigh that is !
My fault , but not my body , pardon , sovereign .	Pardon my crime , sovereign , but not my person .
And these does she apply for warnings and portents And evils imminent , and on her knee Hath begg 'd that I will stay at home today .	And these she interprets for warnings and portents And imminent evil , and on her knee , Has begged me to stay home today .
Carried to Colmekill , The sacred storehouse of his predecessors And guardian of their bones .	Carried to Colme creek , The sacred storehouse of his predecessors , And guardian of their bones .
Zounds , I ’ ll entreat no more .	But listen , if
But , by your favor , how near ’ s the other army ?	Could you tell me how near the enemy is ?
Use Desdemona well .	Treat Desdemona well .
He said mine eyes were black and my hair black And , now I am remembered , scorned at me .	He said my eyes and my hair were black and , now that I think of it , he scorned me .
The storm is up , and all is on the hazard .	The storm is coming up , and everything is at stake .
Into what dangers would you lead me , Cassius , That you would have me seek into myself For that which is not in me ?	What dangers are you trying to lead me into , Cassius , that you want me to look inside myself for something that ’ s not there ?
Take you , as ' twere , some distant knowledge of him , As thus , ‘ I know his father and his friends , And in part him . ’ Do you mark this , Reynaldo ?	Assume , as it were , that you have only heard about him , Such as , “ I know his father and his friends , And in part him ” , are you listening to me , Reynaldo ?
I doubt not of your wisdom .	I don ’ t doubt your wisdom .
He were no lion , were not Romans hinds .	He wouldn ’ t be a lion if Romans weren ’ t female deer .
For taking one ’ s part that ’ s out of favor .	For standing up for this unpopular king .
Is this certain ?	Is this true ?
What , not to pray ?	What , not even to pray ?
No , my noble lord , It is not for you .	No , my noble lord , It is not for you .
No doubt the murd 'rous knife was dull and blunt Till it was whetted on thy stone-hard heart , To revel in the entrails of my lambs .	No doubt the murderous knife was blunt till it was sharpened on your stony heart — you reveled in my lambs ' bloody guts .
Mark Antony , shall we give sign of battle ?	Mark Antony , shall we give sign of battle ?
And so adieu , sir .	Farewell , sir .
Of a snail ?	A snail ?
Perchance even there where I did find my doubts .	Perhaps even there , where I did find my doubts .
For if she be not honest , chaste , and true , There 's no man happy ; the purest of their wives Is foul as slander .	Because if she is not honest , chaste , and true , There 's no man happy ; the purest of their wives Is wicked as the leis about them .
Caesar ?	Antonius , — Caesar ?
What is this same ?	What ’ s this song ?
Why , what are you ?	Who are you ?
How now , gentleman ?	Hello , sir !
My services to your lordship .	Very pleased to meet you , my lord .
Good e 'en , good e 'en .	Good evening , good evening .
Monstrous !	Monstrous !
Mark , King of Scotland , mark : No sooner justice had , with valor armed , Compelled these skipping kerns to trust their heels , But the Norweyan lord , surveying vantage , With furbished arms and new supplies of men , Began a fresh assault .	Listen to this , King : as soon as we sent those Irish soldiers running for cover , the Norwegian king saw his chance to attack us with fresh troops and shiny weapons .
What think you on ’ t ?	What do you think about it ?
To threaten me with death is most unlawful .	For you to threaten to kill me is most unlawful .
Much castigation , exercise devout , For here ’ s a young and sweating devil here , That commonly rebels .	fast and pray to stave off temptations .
I 'll do 't , but it dislikes me .	I 'll do it , but it doesn ’ t like me .
Ho , awake !	Ho , awake !
thieves !	Thieves !
My news I might have told hereafter .	I should have waited to tell you my news .
The wren goes to ’ t , and the small gilded fly does lecher in my sight .	Little birds do it , and dragonflies copulate right in front of me .
Be as ourself in Denmark .	Behave as we would in Denmark .
Thy half o ' th ' kingdom hast thou not forgot , Wherein I thee endowed .	You haven ’ t forgotten the half of a kingdom I gave you .
No , I protest , I know not the contents .	No , I swear , I don ’ t even know what ’ s in it .
Behold the ordnance on their carriages , With fatal mouths gaping on girded Harfleur .	Take in the wheeled canons with their deadly gaping mouths trained on the walled city of Harfleur .
Here comes Sir Oliver . — Sir Oliver Martext , you are well met .	Here comes Sir Oliver .
Is it four o 'clock ?	Is it four o 'clock ?
Sweetly in force unto her fair life ’ s end .	Until her beautiful life ’ s end .
Besides , the king ’ s name is a tower of strength Which they upon the adverse party want .	Besides , the king ’ s name is a tower of strength ; the opposition doesn ’ t have that advantage .
O , relation Too nice , and yet too true !	O , kinsman Too nice , and yet too true !
Nay , if you strive — But half an hour !	No , if you strive … But half an hour !
Stand you awhile apart ; Confine yourself but in a patient list .	Stand you aside a while ; Restrict yourself only in patient way .
Master , mean you so ?	Master , do you really mean that ?
I would the lightning had Burnt up those logs that you are enjoined to pile !	I wish the lightning had burned up all those logs that you ’ ve been ordered to stack !
Which of these is he ?	Which one is it ?
Gentlemen all , I do suspect this trash To be a party in this injury .	Gentlemen all , I suspect this trash To be a party to this injury .
I ne 'er saw this before .	I never saw him like this before .
A hornèd man ’ s a monster and a beast .	He ’ s subhuman , like an animal .
Am I the motive of these tears , my lord ?	Because of me ?
It is the false stew- ard , that stole his master 's daughter .	It is the false servant , that stole his master 's daughter .
All for your delight We are not here .	We ’ re absolutely not here to delight you .
I mean , the matter that you read , my lord .	I mean , the matter that you are reading , my lord .
What is the matter , ho ?	What ’ s the matter ?
He did , and from my finger snatched that ring .	He did , and he snatched my ring right off my finger .
Howe 'er thou art a fiend , A woman ’ s shape doth shield thee .	But I won ’ t attack a woman , even if she is a demon .
Good my lord , give me thy favor still .	My good lord , I still need you to like me .
Die for adultery ?	To die for adultery ?
I will condole in some measure . — To the rest . — Yet my chief humor is for a tyrant .	I ’ ll moan very believably . — Name the other actors . — But I ’ m really in the mood to play a tyrant .
Too old to be engaged to young .	Being too old to marry someone young .
Are you good men and true ?	Are you all good and honest men ?
But pardon me .	But pardon me .
Search every acre in the high-grown field , And bring him to our eye .	Search high and low , in every acre of the fields , and bring him here for me to see him .
Caesar , I go .	I go , Caesar .
She will taste as like this as a crab does to a crab .	I know that Regan will taste just like Goneril — both of them sour crabapples .
But I 'll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle .	I 'll beat the rogue into a wicker bottle .
By and by ' is easily said .	By-and-by is easily said .
Nay , go not back .	Stay where you are .
These many then shall die , their names are prick 'd .	These many men then shall die ; their names are checked on the list .
You , mistress , all this coil is ' long of you .	You , mistress , all this trouble is because of you .
I do suffer love indeed , for I love thee against my will .	I do suffer love , because I love you against my will .
Safe , Antony .	He ’ s safe , Antony .
Why , then , tomorrow I cannot serve your turn for Rosalind ?	Well then , can ’ t I act as Rosalind for you tomorrow ?
It is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest .	You have to wait for the appropriate time to let loose .
More than to us Wait in your royal walks , your board , your bed !	More than you wish for us Waits in your royal walks , your board , your bed !
I am content , so the maiden cities you talk of may wait on her .	I am satisfied , as long as the maiden cities you talk of come with her .
That I can keep your counsel , and not mine own .	That I can keep your advice , and not my own .
How yet resolves the governor of the town ?	What has the governor of the town decided ?
I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now .	I promise you your relatives have made my eyes water before now .
Do you hear , masters ?	Do you hear that , men ?
But fare you well .	Anyway , I have to say goodbye to you now .
Can anything be made of this ?	What on earth does that mean ?
Faith , there has been much to do on both sides , and the nation holds it no sin to tar them to controversy .	There ’ s been a whole debate on the topic .
What shall we do , Enobarbus ?	What are we going to do , Enobarbus ?
Sir , I lack advancement .	Sir , I don ’ t have a promotion .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
An you part so , mistress , I would I might never draw sword again .	If you leave like this , my dear , I won ’ t ever use my sword again .
Good my complexion , dost thou think though I am caparisoned like a man , I have a doublet and hose in my disposition ?	Good grief , do you think that just because I ’ m dressed like a man , I have a man ’ s patience ?
Do you speak in the sick tune ?	Are you ill ?
Shut up your doors .	Lock the doors .
We ’ ll go along together , And ere we have thy youthful wages spent , We ’ ll light upon some settled low content .	We ’ ll go together , and before we ’ ve spent all the savings of your youth , we ’ ll find a way to make a living .
But this place is too cold for hell .	Ah , this place is too cold to be hell .
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
Therefore I do advise you , take this note .	So I recommend you take note of what I ’ m about to say .
Ay .	Yes .
What wouldst thou write of me , if thou shouldst praise me ?	What would you write about me , if you should praise me ?
I had rather be married to a death ’ s-head with a bone in his mouth than to either of these .	No , I ’ d rather be married to a skull with a bone in its mouth than to either of those men .
What an eye she has !	Like an invitation .
Stay with us .	Stay with us tonight .
You shall not come to them .	You shall not come to them .
Master , shall I be porter at the gate ?	Master , should I watch the door ?
Only for this , I pray you , pardon me .	But as for this ring , please excuse me .
Do not talk to me , Emilia ; I cannot weep , nor answer have I none But what should go by water .	Don ’ t talk to me , Emilia ; I cannot weep , and I don ’ t have any answers , Except what should go by water .
wouldst thou aught with me ?	God have mercy , what do you want with me ?
He will not fight with me , Domitius ?	He won ’ t fight with me , Domitius ?
Sing it .	Then sing it .
Call the slave again .	Call that servant back .
Coldhearted toward me ?	Has your heart cooled toward me ?
Nay , good Lysander .	No , Lysander .
Is it fit , The threefold world divided , he should stand One of the three to share it ?	Does it really make sense , once we divide the world into three parts , that he should be one of the three rulers ?
That light we see is burning in my hall .	That light we see is coming from my hall .
I will not do them wrong ; I rather choose To wrong the dead , to wrong myself and you , Than I will wrong such honorable men .	I won ’ t do them wrong ; I would rather choose To wrong the dead , to wrong myself , and you , Before I ’ ll wrong such honorable men .
Say to the King I would attend his leisure For a few words .	Tell the king that I wish to speak with him , For a few words .
What , i ' th ' storm , i ' th ' night ?	What , out in a storm in the middle of the night ?
Should you do so , my lord , My speech should fall into such vile success Which my thoughts aimed not at .	If you take it too seriously , it ’ ll have bad effects that I didn ’ t want it to have .
I say you are not .	I say you ’ re not .
Now I have taken heart thou vanishest .	Now I feel better , you have vanished .
For mine own part , I shall be glad to learn of noble men .	I ’ m always happy to hear about brave men .
Here ’ s yet some liquor left .	Some of this liquor ’ s still left in the goblet .
How can that be ?	How can that be ?
Ay .	Yes .
Help , ho !	Help !
O Phoebe , Phoebe , Phoebe !	O Phoebe , Phoebe , Phoebe !
Tell me , Othello .	Tell me , Othello .
I shall fall .	I shall faint .
Let ’ s ha ’ t , good soldier .	Let ’ s have one , good soldier .
Pray you lead on .	Lead the way .
Our purposes God justly hath discovered , And I repent my fault more than my death , Which I beseech Your Highness to forgive , Although my body pay the price of it .	I regret my crime more than my death , and I beg your Highness to forgive me , while punishing my body with death .
Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she willfully seeks her own salvation ?	They keep up Adam ’ s profession .
Indeed , my lord , it followed hard upon .	Well , sir , it ’ s true it came soon after .
Good my lord , enter here .	My lord , please go inside here .
Boy !	Boy !
General , be advised , He comes to bad intent .	He intends to do something bad to you .
There ’ s another garment for ’ t .	Here ’ s another jacket to say thanks .
Ay , and twenty such .	Sure , and twenty others just like you .
Why , e 'en so !	Why , even so .
It shall advantage more than do us wrong .	It ’ ll be to our advantage more than doing us harm .
Ay , what of that ?	Yes , what about it ?
That ’ s a fault that water will mend .	Some water will fix that .
I can see yet without spectacles , and I see no such matter .	I ’ m still young enough to see without glasses , and I don ’ t see what you ’ re talking about .
No , wench !	No , girl !
These couchings and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men And turn preordinance and first decree Into the law of children .	These lying down and these lowly courtesies Might move ordinary men , And turn previous laws and the first decree Into the laws of children .
I thank thee , Ariel .	Thank you , Ariel .
No , as I am a man .	No , I swear it as a man .
Thou art the best o ' th ' cutthroats : Yet he ’ s good that did the like for Fleance .	You are the best of the cutthroats .
He is not lolling on a lewd love bed , But on his knees at meditation ; Not dallying with a brace of courtesans , But meditating with two deep divines ; Not sleeping , to engross his idle body , But praying , to enrich his watchful soul .	He ’ s not sleeping to fatten up his lazy body , but praying , to nourish his attentive soul .
It is the cry of women , my good lord .	It is the cry of women , my good lord .
I do .	I do .
Myself have to mine own turn 'd enemy .	I have turned enemy to my own .
I remember the story .	I remember the plan .
Whence is that knocking ?	Who is that knocking ?
Indeed , my lord , it is a most absolute and excellent horse .	Indeed , my lord , he is a perfectly wonderful horse .
Letters , my lord , from Hamlet .	Yes , from Normandy .
So much for this , sir ; now shall you see the other .	So much for this , sir .
Shall I lay perjury upon my soul ?	Should I perjure my soul by disobeying it ?
Pronounce it for me , sir , to all our friends , For my heart speaks they are welcome .	Say welcome to all of our friends for me , sir , for in my heart they are all welcome .
So please you , something touching the Lord Hamlet .	Something about Hamlet .
You hear how he importunes me .	Antipholus , you hear how the man pleads with me .
Nay , press not so upon me .	No , don ’ t press up against me .
Fall and cease .	Let the world collapse around us .
They say he has been fencer to the Sophy .	They say he used to fence for the shah of Persia .
Oh , thereby hangs a tail .	Oh , there ’ s the problem .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is this possible ?
How , how , Cordelia ?	What are you saying , Cordelia ?
I must fetch his necessaries ashore .	I need to get Othello ’ s things from the ship .
Therefore confess thee freely of thy sin , For to deny each article with oath Cannot remove nor choke the strong conception That I do groan withal .	So confess your sin freely now .
From this time Such I account thy love .	I will calculate your love From this time forward .
The phrase would be more German to the matter if we could carry a cannon by our sides .	The phrase would be more german to the matter if we could carry cannons by our sides .
Prithee , listen well .	Please , listen well .
My noble brother !	My noble brother !
Stop it , Marcellus !	Stop it , Marcellus !
Thy Fates open their hands .	Your fate awaits you .
To whom do you speak this ?	To whom do you speak this ?
I charge thee , be not thou more grieved than I am .	I insist , don ’ t be more distressed than I am .
Where is Demetrius ?	Where is Demetrius ?
Does 't not go well ?	Doesn ’ t it go well ?
I 'll show thee every fertile inch o 'th ’ island ; And I will kiss thy foot .	I 'll show you every fertile inch of the island ; And I will kiss your foot .
So indeed he did .	And indeed he did so .
But there ’ s no goodness in thy face — if Antony Be free and healthful , so tart a favor To trumpet such good tidings !	But you don ’ t look as if you bring good news .
The dearest friend to me , the kindest man , The best-condition 'd and unwearied spirit In doing courtesies ; and one in whom The ancient Roman honour more appears , Than any that draws breath in Italy .	The dearest friend to me , the kindest man , The best conditioned and unwearied spirit In manners , and one in whom The ancient Roman honor appears more Than any man alive in Italy .
Who ’ s gone this morning ?	Who deserted this morning ?
Seest not ?	Can ’ t you see that ?
If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality , the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most preposterous conclusions .	If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to balance another of sensuality , the blood and baseness of our natures would lead us to very preposterous conclusions .
For us , we will consider of this further .	I ’ ll think it over .
Let ’ s meet him and receive him .	Let ’ s go greet him when he lands .
It must be shortly known to him from England What is the issue of the business there .	He ’ ll find out soon what happened in England .
She ’ s desperate .	She ’ s desperate .
I shall do my friends no wrong , for I have none to lament me ; the world no injury , for in it I have nothing .	I won ’ t wrong any of my friends , because I don ’ t have any to mourn for me , and I won ’ t have wronged the world , because I don ’ t have anything in the world .
Come to me , Tyrrel , soon at after-supper , When thou shalt tell the process of their death .	Tyrrel , come back shortly after dinner and tell me the details of their deaths .
I am the duke That loved your father .	I am the duke who loved your father .
If she do , he ’ ll smile and take ’ t for a great favor .	And when she does , he ’ ll imagine she ’ s flirting with him .
Good my lord .	Thank you , sir .
Pluck up , my heart , and be sad .	Let me gather my wits and get serious here .
Foul deeds will rise , Though all the earth o 'erwhelm them , to men 's eyes .	Wicked deeds will rise to be Seen even if they are buried very deep in the earth .
Oh , how I love thee !	Oh , how I love you !
Do you amend it then .	Do something about it , then .
Tomorrow is the joyful day , Audrey .	Tomorrow is the happy day , Audrey .
Why ask you ?	Why do you ask ?
Faith , no , as you may season it in the charge .	Oh no , not if you say it right .
Therefore be patient .	So be calm .
Why , she would hang on him As if increase of appetite had grown By what it fed on , and yet , within a month — Let me not think on ’ t .	She would hang on to him , and the more she was with him the more she wanted to be with him ; she couldn ’ t get enough of him .
Here is a sick man that would speak with you .	Here is a sick man that would speak with you .
Then both , or one , or anything thou wilt .	Then both , or one , or anything you like .
There ’ s no true drop of blood in him to be truly touched with love .	There isn ’ t a single drop of sincerity in him that could be touched with love .
To whose hands You have sent the lunatic king .	The ones you ’ ve sent our lunatic king to .
I grant you , friends , if you should fright the ladies out of their wits , they would have no more discretion but to hang us .	Well , my friends , you ’ ve got to admit that if you scare the living daylights out of the ladies , they ’ d have no choice but to execute us .
With an eye of green in ’ t .	With a touch of green in it .
Mine , and most of our fortunes tonight , shall be — drunk to bed .	My fortune — like that of many of us tonight — is to go drunk to bed .
Is 't known who did this more than bloody deed ?	Is it known who did this more than bloody deed ?
Tis here .	It ’ s over here .
If your Majesties is remembered of it , the Welshmen did good service in a garden where leeks did grow , wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps , which , your Majesty know , to this hour is an honorable badge of the service .	If your Majesties recall it , the Welsh fought very valiantly in a garden where there were leeks growing , wearing leeks in their Monmouth caps which , your Majesty knows , is to this day a badge of honorable military service .
Then lead the way , good father ; and heavens so shine That they may fairly note this act of mine .	Then lead the way , father .
Thus die I , thus , thus , thus .	And so I ’ m dying .
Will you go hear this news , Signior ?	Will you come with me to hear this news , sir ?
What , and stake down ?	And do you mean what you ’ re saying , Gratiano ?
A hundred marks , my Kate does put her down .	I ’ ll bet you a hundred marks , my Kate puts her flat on her back .
Who steals my purse steals trash .	If you steal my money , you ’ re just stealing trash .
I will construe to them whence you come .	I ’ ll tell them where you come from , though I don ’ t know who you are or what you want .
I will requite your loves .	I ’ ll return the favor .
Why , madam , if I were your father ’ s dog , You should not use me so .	Ma 'am , you wouldn ’ t treat me like this if I were your father ’ s dog .
That ’ s all one .	That doesn ’ t matter .
In troth , I think thou wouldst not .	I don ’ t think you would .
Poor bird !	Poor bird !
Good Master Fabian , grant me another request .	Dear Mr. Fabian , do me another favor first .
Now show the wound mine eye hath made in thee .	Come on , show me the wound that my eyes have caused .
O infinite virtue , com ’ st thou smiling from The world ’ s great snare uncaught ?	Have you returned smiling from the great battle for the world ?
Oh yes , I saw sweet beauty in her face Such as the daughter of Agenor had , That made great Jove to humble him to her hand When with his knees he kissed the Cretan strand .	Master , you were so focused on the girl herself , I wonder if you missed the main point here .
Are they not now upon the western shore , Safe-conducting the rebels from their ships ?	Aren ’ t they at this very moment on the western shore helping the rebels land safely from their ships ?
Speak again .	Try again .
She Phoebes me .	She ’ s Phoebe-ing me .
It is not for you .	This play isn ’ t right for you .
Did he take interest ?	Did he charge interest ?
The King , sir — Ay , sir , what of him ?	The king , sir Yes , sir , what about him ?
Here I am .	I ’ m here .
And O you mortal engines , whose rude throats The immortal Jove ’ s dead clamors counterfeit , Farewell !	And you deadly cannons that roar like thunderbolts thrown by the gods , goodbye !
It is not moonlight now .	It is not nighttime now .
Well then , I know thee .	Well then , I know who you are .
Why , here is the note of the fashion to testify .	Why , here is the order to prove it .
He says his name is Master Fer .	Is that a lot of He says his name is Master Fer .
But where was this ?	But where was this ?
I was always plain with you , and so now I speak my agitation of the matter .	I ’ ve always been straightforward with you , so now I ’ m telling you what I think .
But who dare tell her so ?	But who would dare tell her ?
But were I not the better part made mercy , I should not seek an absent argument Of my revenge , thou present .	If I weren ’ t a merciful man , I ’ d forget about your missing brother and punish you in his place .
Well mayst thou woo , and happy be thy speed .	Well , good luck !
That she ’ s the chosen of Signior Hortensio .	Because she ’ s been chosen by Signior Hortensio .
O sinful thought !	Oh , sinful thought !
Nay , their endeavour keeps in the wonted pace ; but there is , sir , an eyrie of children , little eyases , that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for 't .	No , their work keeps them at their usual pace , but there is , sir , a brood of children , untrained , that complicate their situation , and are most tyrannically beaten for it .
There would this monster make a man .	In England this strange monster would be just like a man .
That if you be honest and fair , your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty .	I ’ m just saying that if you ’ re good and beautiful , your goodness should have nothing to do with your beauty .
All things are ready if our minds be so .	We ’ re ready if our minds are ready .
He , sir .	That ’ s me .
The king and prince at prayers !	The King and Prince are saying prayers !
But this good comfort bring I to your Highness : The Breton navy is dispersed by tempest .	Yes , your Highness .
Do not rise yet .	Don ’ t get up yet .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Caesar .	Caesar ?
But , alas , Caesar must bleed for it !	But , alas , Caesar must bleed for it !
For what is he they follow ?	Because who is this man they follow ?
I must needs after him , madam , with my letter .	I have to follow him and give him the letter .
If aught of woe or wonder , cease your search .	If anything of sorrow or wonder , stop your search .
Good hay , sweet hay , hath no fellow .	Good hay , sweet hay , has no equal .
I had been happy if the general camp , Pioneers and all , had tasted her sweet body , So I had nothing known .	I would ’ ve been happy if the whole army had had sex with her , the lowest-ranking grunts and all , as long as I didn ’ t know anything about it .
Mark how the tyrant writes .	Listen to what the tyrant says .
How far is 't call 'd to Forres ?	How far is it to the town of Forres ?
Your Grace is too costly to wear every day .	You are too expensive to wear every day .
Brutus , bait not me .	Brutus , do not provoke me .
I stand for judgment .	I await justice .
As long as hell and Richard likes of it .	As long as hell and Richard want it .
O , do not do your cousin such a wrong !	Oh , don ’ t injure your cousin like that !
God almighty , There is some soul of goodness in things evil , Would men observingly distill it out .	God Almighty , there must be some essential goodness even in evil , if men would only look for it .
Well , do it , and be brief .	Be quick about it .
That is hot ice and wondrous strange snow .	That ’ s like hot ice and wondrous strange snow .
No , alas , I found it And I did give ’ t my husband .	No , I found it and gave it to my husband .
If that thou be ’ st a devil , I cannot kill thee .	If you are a devil , I won ’ t be able to kill you .
I thank you ; and be blessed for your good comfort .	Thank you , and God bless you for your hospitality .
That thou shalt see the difference of our spirit , I pardon thee thy life before thou ask it .	I want you to see the difference between us , so I pardon you even before you ask for a pardon .
But if you fail , without more speech , my lord , You must be gone from hence immediately .	But if you fail , you have to leave immediately .
Is ’ t possible ?	Are you kidding ?
The Scripture says Adam digged .	The Scripture says Adam digged .
Pray you , make haste .	I beg you , hurry .
Why , go to bed and sleep .	Why , go to bed and sleep .
So much for praising myself , who , I myself will bear witness , is praiseworthy .	That ’ s why I praise myself , who — if I do say so myself — is quite praiseworthy .
The worms were hallowed that did breed the silk , And it was dyed in mummy which the skillful Conserved of maidens ' hearts .	The silk came from sacred silkworms , and it was dyed with fluid made from embalmed virgins ' hearts .
His majesty , Tend 'ring my person ’ s safety , hath appointed This conduct to convey me to the Tower .	His majesty is so concerned about my personal safety that he has ordered them to conduct me to the You ’ re being arrested ?
Fare you well , sir .	Goodbye , sir .
I do not bid thee call .	I didn ’ t call for you .
All that glisters is not gold — Often have you heard that told .	All that glitters is not gold — You ’ ve often heard that said .
Think ’ st thou I jest ?	Here .
Leave her to heaven , And to those thorns that in her bosom lodge To prick and sting her .	Leave her to heaven , And to those thorns that live in her bosom , To prick and sting her .
Or keep it as a cistern for foul toads To knot and gender in !	Worse than that , she ’ s polluted herself , so that the fountain is a place where disgusting toads copulate and reproduce !
Farewell , my lord .	Good-bye , my lord .
How many goodly creatures are there here !	How many wonderful creatures there are here !
All ’ s one .	It doesn ’ t matter .
Like her ?	Like her ?
Well , Catesby , ere a fortnight make me older I ’ ll send some packing that yet think not on ’ t .	But as for now — before two weeks have gone by , I ’ m going to send some people packing .
Something , sure , of state , Either from Venice , or some unhatched practice Made demonstrable here in Cyprus to him , Hath puddled his clear spirit , and in such cases Men ’ s natures wrangle with inferior things , Though great ones are their object .	There must be some political news from Venice , or some dangerous plot here in Cyprus has ruined his good mood .
It is so .	It ’ s arranged .
How cheerest thou , Jessica ?	Anyway , how are you , Jessica ?
I know the man .	I know him .
Lead me on .	Take me .
To cry “ Amen ” to that , thus we appear .	We ’ re here to say “ amen ” to that .
I must prevent thee , Cimber .	I must stop you , Cimber .
I prithee , vent thy folly somewhere else .	Oh please , go somewhere else to blab your nonsense .
My news shall be the fruit to that great feast .	Then you can hear my news , as dessert .
But , since the affairs of men rest still incertain , Let 's reason with the worst that may befall .	But , since the affairs of men still seem uncertain , Let 's think about the worst that can happen .
Now am I Dromio , and his man , unbound .	Now I ’ m Dromio and no longer attached to him .
Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven Or ever I had seen that day , Horatio !	I wish I had met my dearest enemy in heaven Before I had ever seen that day , Horatio !
Who is next ?	Who ’ s next ?
Is it come to this ?	Has it come to this ?
I have told thee often , and I retell thee again and again , I hate the Moor .	I have told you often , and I ’ ll tell you again and again , I hate the Moor .
For the poor wren , The most diminutive of birds , will fight , Her young ones in her nest , against the owl .	Even the fragile wren , the smallest of birds , will fight against the owl when it threatens her young ones in the nest .
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
I choose her for myself .	I ’ ve made my choice .
O , come in , Emilia .	O , come in , Emilia .
Though that the queen on special cause is here , Her army is moved on .	The queen is here on special business , and her army has moved on .
The earth sings when he touches it .	The earth sings when he touches it .
Good my lord , If I have any grace or power to move you His present reconciliation take .	Oh , if I ’ ve got any influence over you at all , please patch things up with him .
O Stephano , two Neapolitans ’ scaped !	Oh , Stephano , two men from Naples survived !
Ay , sir , in Pisa have I often been , Pisa renownèd for grave citizens .	Oh yes , sir , I have often been to Pisa — Pisa , City of Wise Men .
Monster , I do smell all horse-piss , at which my nose is in great indignation .	Monster , I smell all horse-piss , at which my nose is highly offended .
Well , I ’ ll break in .	Well , I ’ m going to break in .
What , is he dead ?	What , is he dead ?
For what advancement may I hope from thee That no revenue hast but thy good spirits , To feed and clothe thee ?	What could I hope to get from you , who ’ ve got nothing but your charm to support you in life ?
If such a one be fit to govern , speak .	If someone like me is fit to be king , let me know .
Therefore , most gracious duke , with thy command Let him be brought forth and borne hence for help .	So please , most gracious duke , order her to bring him out so we can get him some help .
Harry le Roy .	Harry le Roy .
Tis not so now .	It is not so now .
The gods are just , and of our pleasant vices Make instruments to plague us .	The gods are fair , and they use our little vices to punish us .
For this , be sure , tonight thou shalt have cramps , Side-stitches that shall pen thy breath up .	I ’ ll give you cramps for saying that — horrible pains in your sides that will keep you from breathing .
She will sit you — you heard my daughter tell you how .	She will have a seat — you heard my daughter tell you how .
And here much Orlando .	And I see a lot of Orlando here .
Say not so .	Don ’ t say that .
Get you to church , and have a good priest that can tell you what marriage is .	Get yourself to a church and have a proper priest , who can tell you what marriage is all about , marry you .
The noise they make Will cause Demetrius to awake .	The noise they ’ re making will wake up Demetrius .
Pray you , if it be , give it me , for I am slow of study .	Please , if it is , give it to me now , because I am slow in studying my lines .
My lord , upon the platform where we watch 'd .	My lord , on the platform where we watched .
News , friends !	Good news , friends .
No , it is Casca , one incorporate To our attempts .	No , it ’ s Casca , someone who ’ s going to work with us .
Stephano !	Stephano !
So have I heard and do in part believe it .	I ’ ve heard that too , and partly believe it .
Marry , God forbid !	Damn it , God forbid !
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
Away , then .	Go ahead , then .
Yonder , sir , he walks .	He ’ s walking over there , sir .
There is no more to say ?	That ’ s all there is to say .
To feed were best at home ; From thence the sauce to meat is ceremony ; Meeting were bare without it .	With no toasts , you might as well stay home , because Away from home , ceremony is the sauce to meat , Getting together would be bare without it .
Now , Signior , what news ?	What ’ s up , mister ?
Your face , my Thane , is as a book where men May read strange matters .	Your face , my baron , is like a book where men May read strange matters .
Come forth , I say !	Come out , I order you .
O thou weed , Who art so lovely fair and smell ’ st so sweet That the sense aches at thee , would thou hadst ne 'er been born !	Oh , I wish you ’ d never been born !
For that goes hard .	That would be a little extreme !
Three of the carriages , in faith , are very dear to fancy , very responsive to the hilts , most delicate carriages , and of very liberal conceit .	Three of the carriages are very imaginatively designed , and they match the fencing accessories .
Hast thou forgot thyself ?	Have you completely forgotten ?
But look , amazement on thy mother sits .	But , look , amazement sits on your mother ’ s face .
I shall not dine at home ; I meet the captains at the citadel .	I won ’ t be eating at home ; I have to meet the captains at the fortress .
The foul fiend haunts Poor Tom in the voice of a nightingale .	The devil sings like a nightingale to haunt Poor Tom .
Now is the mural down between the two neighbors .	Now is the wall down between the two neighbors .
Let not the royal bed of Denmark be A couch for luxury and damnèd incest .	Don ’ t let the Danish king ’ s bed be a nest of incest .
Nor have we herein barr 'd Your better wisdoms , which have freely gone With this affair along .	We have not disregarded Your good advice , which has freely gone Along with this affair .
Fight valiantly today .	Fight valiantly today .
I have no exquisite reason for ’ t , but I have reason good enough .	I don ’ t have any “ brilliant ” reason for it , but I have a good enough reason .
Tis a brave army , and full of purpose .	It ’ s an outstanding army and highly motivated .
Most humbly do I take my leave , my lord .	I take my leave most humbly , my lord .
Another Hero !	It ’ s another Hero !
O hell-kite !	Oh , that bird from hell !
We will ourselves provide .	We will get ourselves ready .
How is it , my lord ?	How are you , my lord ?
Fool , I ’ ll requite it in the highest degree .	Fool , I ’ ll repay you for this favor .
Stand , ho !	Stop .
Bear them from hence .	Carry them away .
Filth , thou liest !	Filth , you lie !
But hear thee , Gratiano .	But listen to me , Gratiano .
If there be any good thing to be done That may to thee do ease and grace to me , Speak to me .	If there ’ s any good deed I can do that will bring you peace and me honor , speak to me .
If they suffer our departure , death ’ s the word .	If we leave , it will feel like nothing less than death to them .
A plague upon the tyrant that I serve !	A plague on the tyrant that I serve !
Hear me yet , good Shylock .	Listen to me , good Shylock .
Oh !	Oh !
Let it not , Brutus .	Don ’ t let it , Brutus .
This found I on my tent this morning .	I found this pinned to my tent this morning .
Why are you grown so rude ?	Why have you become so rude ?
Run , master , run .	Run , master , run .
Why , as I told thee , ’ tis a custom with him , I ' th ' afternoon to sleep .	Just as I told you , he usually sleeps in the afternoon .
O Desdemon !	O Desdemon !
He ’ s now in Florence .	No , he ’ s in Florence .
O illegitimate construction !	Never !
Petruchio , go thy ways ; the field is won .	You ’ ve won .
We talk with goblins , owls , and sprites : If we obey them not , this will ensue : They ’ ll suck our breath , or pinch us black and blue .	If we don ’ t obey them , they ’ ll suck the life out of us or pinch us black and blue .
Where is this sight ?	What do I see here ?
Then how can it be said I am alone When all the world is here to look on me ?	So how can anyone say I ’ m alone , when the whole world is here to look at me ?
Something from Venice , sure .	Something from Venice , surely .
What do you mean , my lord ?	What do you mean , my lord ?
Draw thy sword .	Take out your sword .
Now entertain conjecture of a time When creeping murmur and the poring dark Fills the wide vessel of the universe .	Now summon up the image of stealthy murmurs and engulfing darkness filling the wide vessel of the universe .
We doubt it nothing .	We don ’ t doubt it .
Fairies , be gone , and be all ways away .	Fairies , be gone , and stay away .
It ’ s the wind .	It ’ s the wind .
Come , we 'll to sleep .	Come , we 'll get some sleep .
Now Lord be thanked for my good amends !	Well , thank God I ’ m cured !
Killing swine .	Killing pigs .
Marry , I saw your niece do more favors to the Count ’ s servingman than ever she bestowed upon me .	Well , because I saw your niece Olivia treat the count ’ s messenger better than she ’ s ever treated me .
Mistress , how mean you that ?	What ’ s that supposed to mean ?
Tomorrow dinner , then ?	Then tomorrow at dinner ?
Go , And with your speediest bring us what she says And how you find of her .	Go , and hurry back to bring us her reply and news of her state of mind .
Be aidant and remediate In the good man ’ s distress .	May they relieve a sick old man ’ s suffering .
The I thank you .	Thank you .
The law allows it , and the court awards it .	The law allows it , and the court awards it .
The generals would have some words .	The generals want to speak with us .
I grant I am a woman , but withal A woman well-reputed , Cato ’ s daughter .	I admit I ’ m only a woman , but I ’ m still a woman from a noble family — I ’ m Cato ’ s daughter .
Say , What , is Horatio there ?	What , is that Horatio with you ?
Till then sit still , my soul .	Until then , sit still , my soul .
Chop off his head .	Chop off his head .
Such an exploit have I in hand , Ligarius , Had you a healthful ear to hear of it .	I have such an exploit in hand , Ligarius , That you would hear if you weren ’ t sick .
He cannot be heard of .	No one has heard anything about him .
sola , sola !	Hey , hey !
What bastard doth not ?	What bastard doesn ’ t ?
Have you the lion 's part written ?	Have you written the lion 's part ?
Believe me , sir , It carries a brave form .	How handsome it is .
I cross me for a sinner .	I ’ ll cross myself .
The arbitrament is like to be bloody .	It will likely be a bloody fight .
I ’ ll do the service of a younger man In all your business and necessities .	I ’ ll do everything a younger man could do for you .
Alas Iago , What shall I do to win my lord again ?	Oh God , Iago , what can I do to win my husband back again ?
Good my lord !	My good lord !
They shouted thrice .	They shouted three times .
What is “ t o ” clock ?	What time is it ?
O noble English , that could entertain With half their forces the full pride of France And let another half stand laughing by , All out of work and cold for action !	O noble English , who could take on the entire French army with only half their forces , leaving the other half to stand by , idle and laughing .
Never , my lord .	Never , my lord .
Alack , what trouble Was I then to you !	what trouble I was to you then !
What then ?	What then ?
Saw ’ st thou him enter at the abbey here ?	Did you see him enter this abbey ?
I am a soldier , I , Older in practice , abler than yourself To make conditions .	I ’ m a soldier , more experienced than you , and better able to give orders .
Make the doors upon a woman ’ s wit , and it will out at the casement .	If you close the doors on a woman ’ s wit , it ’ ll fly out the window .
No harm .	There was no harm , I ’ m telling you .
Because , look you , you do not love it , nor your affections and your appetites and your digestions does not agree with it , I would desire you to eat it .	I ’ d like you to , see , because you don ’ t like it , and because it isn ’ t to your taste , and because it doesn ’ t agree with you .
The red plague rid you For learning me your language !	Damn you for teaching me your language !
In thunder , lightning , or in rain ?	In thunder , lightning , or in rain ?
Within this three mile may you see it coming ; I say , a moving grove .	Three miles from here you can see it coming , a moving forest .
What in the contrary ?	What makes you say that ?
Beating Trinculo &ket; As you like &bra; Beating Trinculo &ket; As you like this , give me the lie another time .	As you like this , give me the lie again .
Tis not in the bond .	It ’ s not in the contract .
Shall I go win my daughter to thy will ?	Should I go convince my daughter to marry you ?
Youngling , thou canst not love so dear as I. Graybeard , thy love doth freeze .	Callow youth , you don ’ t yet know how to love !
And so , my lord , adieu .	Goodbye , my lord .
How much more elder art thou than thy looks !	You ’ re so much older than you look !
I see , sir , you are eaten up with passion .	I see you ’ re all eaten up with emotion .
It 's the wind .	It 's the wind .
Thou look ’ st cheerly , and I ’ ll be with thee quickly .	You look happier already , and I ’ ll be back quickly .
O , no !	Oh , no .
Thou know ’ st we work by wit and not by witchcraft , And wit depends on dilatory time .	We achieve things with our intelligence , not by magic , and intelligent planning takes time .
So many miseries have crazed my voice That my woe-wearied tongue is still and mute .	I ’ ve been crazed with so many miseries that my tongue has tired of lamenting and gone mute .
It is the right butter-women ’ s rank to market .	That awful , plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market .
Prithee , say true .	I beg you , tell the truth .
Stephano is my name ; and I bring word My mistress will before the break of day Be here at Belmont ; she doth stray about By holy crosses , where she kneels and prays For happy wedlock hours .	Stephano is my name , and I bring word that My mistress will be here at Belmont Before the break of day ; she wanders about By holy crosses , where she kneels and prays For happy marriage hours .
I could interpret between you and your love , if I could see the puppets dallying .	I could even supply the dialogue between you and your lover if you did your little puppet show of love for me .
Are you answer 'd ?	Are you answered ?
What you would work me to , I have some aim .	I ’ m beginning to understand what you want me to do .
Well , let his father be what a will , we talk of young master Launcelot .	Well , let his father be what he will be , we ’ re talking about young Master Launcelot .
Incapable and shallow innocents , You cannot guess who caused your father ’ s death .	Innocent sweethearts , you have no idea who ’ s responsible for your father ’ s death .
My lord , I did ; But answer made it none .	My lord , I did , But it made me no answer .
Where the dead body is bestow 'd , my lord , We cannot get from him .	We cannot get from him Where the dead body is hidden , my lord .
I have a daughter .	I have a daughter .
Ha !	Ha !
Will you dispatch us here under this tree , or shall we go with you to your chapel ?	Will you marry us here , under this tree , or should we follow you to your chapel ?
I am glad that my weak words Have struck but thus much show of fire from Brutus .	I ’ m glad that my weak words Have brought out this show of fire from Brutus .
Will you go , sister ? — Shepherd , ply her hard .	Come on , sister .
Nay , come , let ’ s go together .	Let ’ s go back to court together , but
Down , therefore , and beg mercy of the duke .	So , kneel down , and beg mercy of the Duke .
Ay , tell me that , and unyoke .	Yes , tell me that , and stop my guessing .
But speak you on .	But go on .
Let it alone .	Never mind .
Mistress , dispatch you with your safest haste , And get you from our court .	Madam , hurry as fast as you can get out of my court .
For this reason , if you ’ ll know : That she ’ s the choice love of Signior Gremio .	Because , if you must know , she ’ s been chosen by Signior Gremio .
And so return to you , and nothing else ?	And then return to you and nothing else ?
He were no lion were not Romans hinds .	He couldn ’ t be a lion if the Romans weren ’ t such easy prey .
That handkerchief which I so loved and gave thee Thou gavest to Cassio .	That handkerchief which I so loved and gave you , You gave to Cassio .
Thou seest that all the grace that she hath left Is that she will not add to her damnation A sin of perjury .	You see that any morals she has left are preventing her from denying the charges : she doesn ’ t want to add perjury to her list of sins .
I was the other day talking on the sea-bank with certain Venetians , and thither comes the bauble and , by this hand , she falls me thus about my neck — Crying “ O dear Cassio ! ” as it were .	I was talking to some Venetians down by the shore , and the fool showed up .
I knew a wench married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit , and so may you , sir .	I knew a girl who was married in an afternoon as she went to the garden for parsley to stuff a rabbit .
I never gave him cause .	I never gave him reason to be jealous .
Cold friends to me .	Then they ’ re cold friends to me .
Sue to him again , and he 's yours .	Talk to him again , and he ’ ll like you again .
Pardon , my lord .	Pardon , my lord .
What , Grumio !	Hey , Grumio !
Good fool , for my brother ’ s death .	My dear fool , because my brother died .
This diamond he greets your wife withal , By the name of most kind hostess , and shut up In measureless content .	This diamond is a present from him to your wife for her boundless hospitality .
Marry , sir , they praise me and make an ass of me , now my foes tell me plainly I am an ass .	Well , my friends praise me and make me look like an idiot , while my enemies tell me straightforwardly that I am an idiot .
Friends to this ground .	Friends of this country .
For God ’ s sake , a pot of small ale .	For God ’ s sake , would someone bring me a mug of beer !
I do beseech you — Chiefly that I might set it in my prayers — What is your name ?	Please — Chiefly that I might say it in my prayers — What is your name ?
I should sin To think but nobly of my grandmother .	It would be wrong for me to think poorly of my grandmother .
Nor will do none tomorrow .	And he ’ s not going to do any tomorrow .
I will not take her on gift of any man .	I don ’ t want to take another man ’ s second-hand goods .
She had a prophesying fear Of what hath come to pass .	She had a premonition of what has actually happened .
Oh , thy vile lady !	Oh , your contemptible lady !
And when goes hence ?	And when is he leaving ?
None wed the second but who killed the first .	No one marries the second without killing the first love .
I will do so .	I will do so .
This &bra; Aside &ket; Why speaks my father so urgently ?	Why speaks my father so roughly ?
The star is fall ’ n .	Our guiding light is out .
What promise , chuck ?	What did I promise , my dear ?
Do not forget .	Don ’ t forget .
Good my lord , How does your honor for this many a day ?	But Hello , my lord , how have you been doing lately ?
I will , my Hermia .	I will , my Hermia .
My wife is coming yonder .	My wife ’ s coming .
What 's the matter with thee now ?	What 's the matter with you now ?
We ’ ll lead you thither .	We ’ ll take you there .
Peace , fool .	Shut up , fool !
Ready .	I ’ m ready .
I will this night , In several hands , in at his windows throw , As if they came from several citizens , Writings , all tending to the great opinion That Rome holds of his name , wherein obscurely Caesar 's ambition shall be glanced at .	Tonight , I will throw writings in his windows , All tending to the great opinion that Rome holds his name , by several different hands , as if they came from several citizens , In these writings , I will analyze , although obscurely , Caesar 's ambition .
They would not have you to stir forth today .	They don ’ t want you to go out today .
Godden to your Worship , good Captain James .	Good evening to your Worship , good Captain James .
Come , tears , confound ; Out , sword , and wound The pap of Pyramus ; Ay , that left pap , Where heart doth hop .	Come , tears , confound ; Out , sword , and wound The pap ( heart ) of Pyramus .
I will go seek the King .	I will look for the king .
Do so : to ebb Hereditary sloth instructs me .	Do so : laziness I inherited teaches me to go down , Oh !
What is my offense ?	What did I do wrong ?
No , not for all the world .	No , not for all the world .
Go seek him out , speak fair , and bring the body Into the chapel .	Bring him to me .
Mad as the sea and wind when both contend Which is the mightier .	As crazy as the sea and wind , when both fight over Which is mightier .
The same .	That ’ s me .
You are my elder .	You ’ re older than me .
Ay , sir .	Yes , sir .
Besides , it should appear that if he had The present money to discharge the Jew , He would not take it .	Anyway , even if he had the money now , the Jew probably wouldn ’ t take it .
Nor is he dead , for aught that I can tell .	As far as I know , he ’ s not even dead .
Look like th ' innocent flower , But be the serpent under ’ t .	You should look like an innocent flower , but be like the snake that hides underneath the flower .
And why should Caesar be a tyrant then ?	And why should Caesar be a tyrant then ?
Had we done so at first , we had droven them home With clouts about their heads .	If we ’ d fought like this before , we ’ d have driven them home with bandaged heads .
I will hear further reason for this .	I want to hear more about this .
Out of doubt he is transported .	No doubt , he ’ s kidnapped .
Who shall stay you ?	Who shall prevent you from it ?
Follow that lord , and look you mock him not .	Follow that gentleman now , and be careful not to make fun of him .
Approach , my Ariel , come !	Approach , my Ariel ; Come !
Ay , do you fear it ?	Yes , you fear it ?
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
I do not like her name .	I don ’ t like her name .
I 'll observe his looks ; I 'll tent him to the quick .	I ’ ll observe his looks , I ’ ll watch his every move .
And as I wooed for thee to obtain her , I will join with thee to disgrace her .	And since I wooed her in your name , I ’ ll join you in disgracing her .
Hence .	Away !
Oh , you and I have heard our fathers say , There was a Brutus once that would have brooked Th ' eternal devil to keep his state in Rome As easily as a king .	You and I have heard our fathers talk of another Brutus — your ancestor — who would ’ ve let the devil himself reign in his Roman Republic before he let a king rule .
You cannot feed capons so .	You can ’ t eat capons that way .
There was none such in the army of any sort .	There was no Signior Montanto in our army .
I have been worth the whistle .	So you finally find me worthy of your attentions .
How shall I answer you ?	I don ’ t understand — how should I answer that ?
Peace yet again .	Quiet !
No , monster , not I.	No , monster , not me .
Let us go in together ; And still your fingers on your lips , I pray .	Let ’ s go in together , And still keeping your silence , I beg you .
Not that we love words better , as you do .	Not because we love words better , as you do .
Othello , leave some officer behind , And he shall our commission bring to you ; With such things else of quality and respect As doth import you .	Othello , leave some officer behind , And he shall bring our commission to you , With such things of quality and respect As are important to you .
And she can weep , sir , weep .	And she can cry , sir — oh , how she can cry !
Ah , that good Kent — He said it would be thus , poor banished man .	Ah , good old Kent said this would happen — that poor , banished man .
Robin Starveling , the tailor .	Robin Starveling , the tailor .
Here 's one comes in his shirt , with light and weapons .	Here 's someone comes in his shirt , with light and weapons .
Tis strange , my Theseus , that these lovers speak of .	These lovers are saying some strange things , Theseus .
I did not think to draw my sword ’ gainst Pompey , For he hath laid strange courtesies and great Of late upon me .	I didn ’ t think I would ever fight Pompey .
As wit and fortune will .	However your wit and luck allow .
So please your majesty That we may wake the king ?	Would you mind if we woke up the king ?
Look !	Look !
Presently ?	Right now ?
I know not at whose suit he is arrested well , But he ’ s in a suit of buff which ’ rested him ; that can I tell .	I don ’ t know who had him arrested , but the man that arrested him was in a suit of leather .
Say it , Othello .	Tell us , Othello .
Thanks , you the valiant of this warlike isle That so approve the Moor .	Thanks , you brave men who defend this island and respect Othello .
Heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell .	Heaven truly knows that you are as false as hell .
But yet I run before my horse to market .	But I ’ m running ahead of myself .
O ’ er my spirit Thy full supremacy thou knew ’ st , and that Thy beck might from the bidding of the gods Command me .	You knew that my spirit was completely under your control and that I would ignore the gods ’ orders in favor of yours .
They are afoot .	They ’ re on the march .
My Lord Bassanio , let him have the ring , Let his deservings , and my love withal , Be valued ' gainst your wife 's commandment .	My Lord Bassanio , let him have the ring : Let what he deserves , and with my friendship , Be measured against your wife 's commandment .
Ay , marry , is 't ; crowner 's quest law .	Yes , by Mary , it ’ s the coroner ’ s inquest law .
Nay , an thou 'lt mouth , I 'll rant as well as thou .	No , if you ’ ll Speak , I ’ ll rant as well as you .
Here ; what would my lord ?	I ’ m here ; what do you want ?
Canst thou bring me to the party ?	Can you bring me to the party ?
An I do not — Come , let ’ s see the event .	I swear I will — Come on , let ’ s go see what happens .
So do you too , where you perceive them thick .	You do the same , wherever the crowds are thick .
The Duke himself , Or any of my brothers of the state , Cannot but feel this wrong as ’ twere their own .	The Duke and any of my fellow senators will take this wrong as seriously as if it were their own .
If ' twere no other — ' Tis but so , I warrant .	If it were any other … It ’ s only that , I guarantee it .
Therefore , when he sees reason of fears as we do , his fears , out of doubt , be of the same relish as ours are .	Therefore , when he has reason to fear , as we do , his fears are without question of the same order .
I drink to the general joy o ’ the whole table , And to our dear friend Banquo , whom we miss .	I drink to the general joy of the whole table , And to our dear friend Banquo , whom we miss .
Think it no more .	Nothing more than that ?
Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn and cauldron bubble .	Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn and cauldron bubble .
Good madonna , give me leave to prove you a fool .	Please let me prove you ’ re a fool .
Yea , my good lord .	Yes , my lord .
Lord , we know what we are , but know not what we may be .	Lord , we know what we are , but don ’ t know what we may be .
So will I grow , so live , so die , my lord , Ere I will yield my virgin patent up Unto his lordship , whose unwished yoke My soul consents not to give sovereignty .	Well , that ’ s how I will grow , live , and die , my lord , Before I will give up my virginity To his lordship .
The forfeit , sovereign , of my servant ’ s life , Who slew today a riotous gentleman Lately attendant on the duke of Norfolk .	That you lift the death sentence on my servant , who killed a rowdy and belligerent former servant of the duke of Norfolk .
Hand in hand with fairy grace Will we sing and bless this place .	We ’ ll all join hands and sing , and bless this place with our fairy grace .
I pray thee , give it me .	Please , give it to me .
Farewell , my lord .	farewell , my lord .
O , I am slain !	O , I am slain !
Why , then may you leave a casement of the great chamber window , where we play , open ; and the moon may shine in at the casement .	Why , then may you leave a panel of the great chamber-window , where we play , open ; and the moon may shine in at that panel .
At night we ’ ll feast together .	Tonight we ’ ll have dinner .
Signior Lodovico ?	Signior Lodovico ?
Yes , Caliban her son .	Yes , Caliban , her son .
Come , blade , my breast imbrue .	Come , blade , drench my breast with blood .
Yet be content .	Yet calm down .
This gentleman will out-talk us all .	This fellow will out-talk us all .
And then he drew a dial from his poke And , looking on it with lackluster eye , Says very wisely , “ It is ten o 'clock .	Then he pulled a watch from his bag and , looking at it solemnly , said , “ It ’ s ten o 'clock .
Go you and prepare Aliena , for look you , here comes my Rosalind .	Go get Aliena ready — because , look , here comes my Rosalind .
Hie thee , slave .	Hurry , you slave !
Remember me . ’ I have sworn 't .	remember me .
I denied you not .	I didn ’ t deny you .
That was my lady 's voice .	That was my lady 's voice .
Why , sweet Othello — I have not deserved this .	Why , sweet Othello — I haven ’ t done anything to deserve this !
I am that merry wanderer of the night .	That ’ s me you ’ re talking about , the playful wanderer of the night .
No .	No .
Haply your eye shall light upon some toy You have desire to purchase , and your store , I think , is not for idle markets , sir .	Maybe you ’ ll see some little trinket you want to buy .
No , I assure you ; the wall is down that parted their fathers .	No , I assure you ; the wall is down that parted their fathers .
Young Fortinbras , with conquest come from Poland , To the ambassadors of England gives This warlike volley .	Young Fortinbras , after conquering Poland , Gives this warlike volley To the ambassadors of England .
Be advis 'd , fair maid .	Be careful , fair maid .
Wilt break my heart ?	Will you break my heart ?
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
It is an accustomed action with her , to seem thus washing her hands .	She ’ s accustomed to it , to seem to washing her hands in this way .
My lady bade me tell you , that , though she harbors you as her kinsman , she ’ s nothing allied to your disorders .	My lady told me to tell you that while she lets you stay at her house because you ’ re a relative , she doesn ’ t approve of your behavior .
How I dote on thee !	I ’ m so crazy about you !
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
O most bloody sight !	Oh , most bloody sight !
Welcome , good Robin .	Welcome , good Robin .
Here ’ s the manner of ’ t : I ’ th ’ marketplace , on a tribunal silvered , Cleopatra and himself in chairs of gold Were publicly enthroned .	This is what happened : he and Cleopatra sat on chairs of gold on a silver-covered stage in the marketplace .
I would have him nine years akilling .	I would take nine years to kill him .
As the time , the place , and the condition of this country stands , I could heartily wish this had not befallen .	I wish none of this had happened , given the situation here , and your rank .
Some of them will fall tomorrow , I hope .	I hope some will fall off tomorrow .
It is a branch and parcel of mine oath , A charitable duty of my order .	Healing is part and parcel of my religious vows ; it is a charitable duty my order performs .
For I am sure mine nails Are stronger than mine eyes .	I know my nails are stronger than my eyes ; I ’ ll scratch them out .
Tis midnight .	It ’ s midnight .
I wish your ladyship all heart 's content .	I wish your ladyship all my heart 's content .
A cry within &ket; A plague &bra; A cry within &ket; A plague upon this howling !	A cry inside &ket; Damn their screaming !
Why , i ' faith , methinks she ’ s too low for a high praise , too brown for a fair praise , and too little for a great praise .	Well , it seems to me that she is too short to be praised highly , too dark to be praised fairly , and too small to be praised greatly .
Why , I will fight with him upon this theme Until my eyelids will no longer wag .	Why , I will fight with him upon this theme Until my eyelids will no longer blink .
Why , get you gone !	Why , get going .
Master , master !	Master , master !
Known unto these , and to myself disguised !	know myself !
He is dead and gone , lady , He is dead and gone ; At his head a grass-green turf , At his heels a stone .	He is dead and gone , lady , He is dead and gone , At his head a grass green turf , At his heels a stone .
Stand close awhile , for here comes one in haste .	Stand next to me for a while , because someone is coming hastily .
Thy love !	Your love !
I ’ ll give you a verse to this note that I made yesterday in despite of my invention .	I wrote a verse to this tune , though it ’ s not very imaginative .
Look to ’ t , I charge you .	Do as I say .
But , for certain , He cannot buckle his distempered cause Within the belt of rule .	One thing is certain : he ’ s out of control .
Alas , poor ghost !	Ah , poor ghost !
How say you ?	What are you talking about ! — How are you saying ?
I have received a hurt .	I ’ m wounded .
From this time forth I never will speak word .	From this time forward , I ’ ll never speak word .
If it were so , it was a grievous fault , And grievously hath Caesar answered it .	If that ’ s true , it ’ s a serious fault , and Caesar has paid seriously for it .
That I ’ ll try .	We ’ ll see about that !
Hear the shrill whistle , which doth order give To sounds confused .	Hear the shrill whistle that brings order to the hubbub .
How goes it now ?	How goes it now ?
An ’ t be any way , it must be with valor , for policy I hate .	I ’ ll have to do something courageous then , because I hate intrigue .
Cassius from bondage will deliver Cassius .	I ’ ll kill myself to save myself from slavery .
Will money buy ’ em ?	Will money buy them ?
Tonight in Harfleur will we be your guest ; Tomorrow for the march are we addressed .	Tonight in Harfleur we will be your guest ; tomorrow we ’ ll march on .
Well then , sustain me .	Well , then , help me .
It struck mine ear most terribly .	It was most terrible to hear .
If he may be conveniently delivered , I would he were , for I am now so far in offense with my niece that I cannot pursue with any safety this sport to the upshot .	I ’ m in so much trouble with my niece that it wouldn ’ t be safe to let this prank go to its conclusion .
Moreover that we much did long to see you , The need we have to use you did provoke Our hasty sending .	I ’ ve wanted to see you for a long time now , but I sent for you so hastily because I need your help right away .
With any strong or vehement importunity .	giving it back to him .
All lost !	We ’ re all lost !
My lord , I hold my life as dear as you do yours , And never in my days , I do protest , Was it so precious to me as ’ tis now .	My lord , my life is as important to me as yours is to you , and it was never as precious to me as it is now .
And when she weeps , weeps every little flower , Lamenting some enforcèd chastity .	When she cries , all the little flowers cry too .
How !	What !
Am I Dromio ?	Am I Dromio ?
Where 's the Master ?	Where 's the Captain ?
He did , my gracious lord , begin that place , Which , since , succeeding ages have re-edified .	He started it , my noble lord , and succeeding generations rebuilt it .
His employment between his lord and my niece confirms no less .	The fact that he serves as a go-between for his lord and my niece Olivia confirms this .
So long ?	So long ?
By heavens , the duke shall know how slack you have been .	By God , I ’ m going to tell the duke how slack you ’ ve been .
O God of battles , steel my soldiers ' hearts .	Oh God of battles , bolster my soldiers ' courage .
Then , venom , to thy work .	Then , venom , do your work .
Why , ' tis not possible .	Why , it is not possible .
Yet Count Claudio may hear , for what I would speak of concerns him .	But Count Claudio can stay , for what I ’ m about to say concerns him .
Rather your eyes must with his judgment look .	No , you must see with your father ’ s eyes .
It shall not need .	That ’ s not necessary .
Shall Rome , &amp; amp ; c . Speak , strike , redress ! ” “ Brutus , thou sleep 'st : awake ! ” Such instigations have been often dropp 'd Where I have took them up .	Wake up ! — " Such instigations have often been dropped Where I have picked them up .
God will revenge it , whom I will importune With earnest prayers , all to that effect .	God will take revenge .
Things base and vile , holding no quantity , Love can transpose to form and dignity .	Love can transpose things that are low and ugly , Having no good qualities at all , Into things that have beauty and dignity .
For this time I will leave you .	I ’ ll leave you now .
I say “ amen . ”	Amen to that .
Away !	Let ’ s go !
What countryman ?	Where are you from ?
Ay , Casca , tell us what hath chanced today , That Caesar looks so sad .	Yes , Casca , tell us what has happened today That makes Caesar look so sad .
An please your Majesty , let his neck answer for it , if there is any martial law in the world .	If it pleases your Majesty , let his neck pay the price , if there is any martial law in the world .
He did bespeak a chain for me but had it not .	He said he was going to buy me a necklace , but I never saw it .
I ’ ll signify so much unto him straight .	I ’ ll tell him right away , my lord .
Oh , do but think You stand upon the rivage and behold A city on th ' inconstant billows dancing , For so appears this fleet majestical Holding due course to Harfleur .	Pretend that you ’ re standing on the shore , watching a city dance on the shifting waves , and you ’ ll have an idea of the look of this majestic fleet as it holds a straight course for Harfleur .
All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand .	All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand .
Let me speak like yourself and lay a sentence Which , as a grise or step , may help these lovers .	Let me refer to a proverb that may help you forgive these lovers : if you can ’ t change something , don ’ t cry about it .
Who , he ?	Who , him ?
Why , that ’ s spoken like an honest drover ; so they sell bullocks .	You sound like a cattle dealer : that ’ s the way they sell bulls .
Or I ’ ll deliver thy indignation to him by word of mouth .	Or I ’ ll deliver your insults to his face .
Good night .	Good night , everyone .
What sum owes he the Jew ?	How much does he owe the Jew ?
Sweet , adieu !	Sweetheart , goodbye !
Merciful powers , Restrain in me the cursèd thoughts that nature Gives way to in repose .	Merciful powers , keep away the nightmares that plague me when I rest !
And pity to the general wrong of Rome — As fire drives out fire , so pity pity — Hath done this deed on Caesar .	But a stronger pity , for the wrongs committed against Rome , drove out our pity for Caesar , as fire drives out fire , and so we killed him .
The quality of mercy is not strained .	No one shows mercy because he has to .
Fie upon “ But yet . ” “ But yet ” is as a jailer to bring forth Some monstrous malefactor .	Damn those words , “ but yet ! ” “ But yet ” is like a jailer about to bring out some horrible criminal .
Come , my dear love , The purchase made , the fruits are to ensue ; That profit 's yet to come ' tween me and you .	Come , my dear love , The purchase made , the fruits are to follow , That profit is still to come between me and you .
I know that voice .	I know that voice .
I am in this commanded to deliver The noble duke of Clarence to your hands .	It orders me to hand the noble duke of Clarence over to you .
Say that the last I spoke was “ Antony , ” And word it , prithee , piteously .	Say the last word I spoke was “ Antony , ” and please word it pathetically .
Brutus , my lord !	Brutus , my lord !
There , gentle Hermia , may I marry thee ; And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us .	There , gentle Hermia , I may marry you ; And the sharp Athenian law cannot follow us To that place .
No , my lord .	No , I don ’ t , my lord .
Not all the dukes of waterish Burgundy Can buy this unprized precious maid of me . — Bid them farewell , Cordelia , though unkind .	No Duke of spineless Burgundy can take this treasure of a girl from me now . — Say goodbye to them , Cordelia , even though they ’ ve been unkind to you .
God send you , sir , a speedy infirmity , for the better increasing your folly !	I hope you go senile soon , sir , so you can become a more foolish fool !
I find it still , when I have leave to sleep .	She ’ s always talking when I want to sleep .
There , Diomed , there .	There , Diomedes , there .
I ’ ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell , To die upon the hand I love so well .	I ’ ll follow you and turn this hell I ’ m in into a kind of heaven .
O , gentlemen , see , see dead Henry ’ s wounds Open their congealed mouths and bleed afresh ! — Blush , blush , thou lump of foul deformity , For ’ tis thy presence that exhales this blood From cold and empty veins where no blood dwells .	It ’ s your presence that draws out this blood from his empty veins .
How beauteous mankind is !	Mankind is so beautiful !
But not by him !	But he didn ’ t do it .
Haply a woman ’ s voice may do some good , When articles too nicely urged be stood on .	Perhaps a woman ’ s voice may do some good when some small detail proves to be holding things up .
Take you some company , and away to horse .	Take some men and horses and go to her .
I must attend mine office , Or would have done ’ t myself .	I ’ d do it myself , but I can ’ t leave my post .
I pray you .	Please .
This island 's mine , by Sycorax my mother , Which thou tak 'st from me .	This island 's mine , through Sycorax my mother , Which you took from me .
I thank thee for thy care and honest pains .	Thank you for all your efforts .
I grant you .	Yes , I ’ ll grant you that .
Your worm is your only emperor for diet .	Your worm is your only emperor for diet .
I will play the swan , And die in music .	I will play the swan , And die in music .
So , fare thee well .	So , good-bye .
They would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor .	You would make a nasty suitor .
Thy adversary ’ s wife doth pray for thee .	Why ?
Come you , sir .	Come on , you .
He died As one that had been studied in his death To throw away the dearest thing he owed As ’ twere a careless trifle .	He died like someone who had practiced how to toss away his most cherished possession as if it were a worthless a piece of garbage .
My mistress , sir , ” quoth I.	My mistress , ” I said .
The hearts of old gave hands ; But our new heraldry is hands , not hearts .	The hearts of old gave hands , But our new code of behavior is hands , not hearts .
It is no matter how witty , so it be eloquent and full of invention .	It doesn ’ t need to be witty as long as it ’ s eloquent and imaginative .
A mighty man of Pisa .	A man of great influence .
Gloucester , ’ tis true that we are in great danger .	Gloucester , it ’ s true that we are in great danger .
I charge you , go with me .	I charge you , go with me .
Our knocking has awaked him .	Our knocking woke him up .
Here , at thy hand .	I ’ m right behind you .
O God , your only jig-maker !	O , your only dancer !
Your loves , as mine to you .	Your loyalty , as mine to you .
They shall , Nerissa , but in such a habit That they shall think we are accomplishèd With that we lack .	They will , Nerissa , but we ’ ll be disguised as men .
From all such devils , good Lord , deliver us !	May the good Lord keep me safe from all women like her !
He that plays the king shall be welcome .	The one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome .
As proper men as ever trod upon neats-leather have gone upon my handiwork .	Many proper men that ever walked on cowhide leather have walked on my work .
If it be not for some purpose of import , Give ’ t me again .	If you don ’ t need it for some important reason , then give it back to me .
No , by this hand .	No , I swear I ’ m not .
What is the matter , think you ?	What ’ s the matter , do you think ?
Neither can be enjoyed If both remain alive .	I can ’ t enjoy either of them as long as the other one ’ s alive .
Why did I marry ?	Why did I get married ?
Men at some time are masters of their fates .	Men can be masters of their fate .
Drunk ?	Drunk ?
Go to , charm your tongue .	Now be quiet .
Your children shall be kings .	Your children shall be kings .
Even here Do we shake hands .	Here we ’ ll shake hands good-bye .
A crow without feather ?	A crow without feathers ?
Welcome hither .	You ’ re welcome here .
I thank you .	I thank you .
Therefore be merry , Cassio , For thy solicitor shall rather die Than give thy cause away .	Therefore be happy , Cassio ; Because your lawyer would rather die Than lose your case .
Remember ’ st thou any that have died on ’ t ?	Do you remember anyone who died of it ?
Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of hay .	Or maybe I ’ ve got a hankering for a bundle of hay .
Bring me to him .	Bring me to him .
What , ho , Horatio !	What , here , Horatio !
She ’ s dead too , our sovereign .	Our Queen is dead too .
Let me tell you , Cassius , you yourself Are much condemned to have an itching palm , To sell and mart your offices for gold To undeservers .	I ’ ll tell you , Cassius , you yourself have been called greedy and been accused of giving your positions to undeserving men in exchange for gold .
Say , if thou 'dst rather hear it from our mouths , or from our masters ?	Say , if you would rather hear it from our mouths , Or from our masters ’ ?
He lies not like the living .	He doesn ’ t seem to be alive .
As I am Egypt ’ s queen , Thou blushest , Antony , and that blood of thine Is Caesar ’ s homager .	As surely as I am the queen of Egypt , Antony , you ’ re blushing , which means you ’ re Caesar ’ s servant .
To her , widow !	You tell her , widow !
He 's gone .	He 's gone .
Upon your sword Sit laurel victory , and smooth success Be strewed before your feet .	May your sword be victorious and everything you do succeed .
The strangeness of your story put Heaviness in me .	The strangeness of your story Made me very sleepy .
You are a spirit , I know .	You ’ re a spirit , I know .
I did enact Julius Caesar ; I was killed i ' the Capitol ; Brutus killed me .	I did enact Julius Caesar , I was killed in the Capitol , Brutus killed me .
Thou didst drink The stale of horses and the gilded puddle Which beasts would cough at .	You drank horses ’ urine and water from scum-covered puddles that even animals would refuse .
Sick , oh , sick !	Oh , I ’ m sick , sick !
Some must go off .	Enough !
The ground indeed is tawny .	The ground indeed is orangey .
If your messenger find him not there , seek him i ' the other place yourself .	If your messenger can ’ t find him there , look for him in the other place yourself .
You must play Pyramus . — And Flute , you Thisbe .	Bottom , you ’ re Pyramus . — And Flute , you ’ re Thisbe .
Here ’ s a spirit .	There ’ s a spirit in here !
Will you sup with me tonight , Casca ?	Will you have dinner with me tonight , Casca ?
Commend me to him and tell him I will not fail him at supper , for indeed he hath made great preparation .	Give him my respects , and tell him I ’ ll definitely be there for dinner , since I know he has gone to great lengths for this meal .
Tis truly so .	It is truly so .
Within these ten days if that thou beest found So near our public court as twenty miles , Thou diest for it .	In ten days time , if you ’ re found within twenty miles of the court , you ’ ll die for it .
I am afeard there are few die well that die in a battle , for how can they charitably dispose of anything , when blood is their argument ?	I think few die well who die in battle .
Whither am I going ?	Where am I going ?
Methought I heard a voice cry , “ Sleep no more !	I thought I heard a voice cry , “ Sleep no more !
Are they so followed ?	Are they still followed ?
Why , and I trust I may go too , may I not ?	I don ’ t think so !
This physic but prolongs thy sickly days .	This relief only makes your sickly days longer .
Yet here , Laertes ?	You ’ re still here ?
Wherefore weep you ?	Why do you cry ?
I should not see the sandy hour-glass run , But I should think of shallows and of flats ; And see my wealthy Andrew dock 'd in sand , Vailing her high-top lower than her ribs , To kiss her burial .	I shouldn ’ t see the time pass in the sands of an hour-glass But I ’ d be thinking about shallows and sandbars , And seeing my wealthy ship of war run aground , Lowering her high top sails lower than her hull To sink .
O madam , my old heart is cracked , it ’ s cracked .	Oh , madam , my old heart is broken , broken .
I thank my noble lord .	Thank you , my noble lord .
Therefore they thought it good you hear a play And frame your mind to mirth and merriment , Which bars a thousand harms and lengthens life .	So they think it ’ s a good idea for you to watch a play and direct your thoughts toward laughter and merriment — two strong preventive medicines that foster long life .
For me , three thousand ducats .	Three thousand ducats .
Why , how now , ho !	Why , how now , ho !
I have ever held my cap off to thy fortunes .	I ’ ve always had great respect for your destiny .
Show .	Show .
Let them come before Master Constable .	Have them come in front of the master constable .
He is simply the most active gentleman of France .	He ’ s definitely the most active gentleman of France .
No marrying ’ mong his subjects ?	There ’ d be no marriage ?
I have a ship Laden with gold .	I have a ship full of treasure .
From the dread summit of this chalky bourn .	You fell from the terrifying top of this chalk cliff .
By the mass , and ' tis like a camel , indeed .	By the mass , it is indeed like a camel .
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
I wonder none of you have thought of him .	I wonder that none of you thought about getting his support .
Tis sport to maul a runner .	It ’ s fair game to mark a coward .
Exchange forgiveness with me , noble Hamlet .	Please forgive me as I forgive you , Hamlet .
Tis some mischance ; the cry is very direful .	It is some misfortune ; the cry is very sorrowful .
Youth to itself rebels , though none else near .	Youth rebels against itself , even if no one else is near .
You all do know this mantle .	You all know this cloak .
You wrong 'd yourself to write in such a case .	You wronged yourself to write me letters in such a case .
But , come what may , I do adore thee so That danger shall seem sport , and I will go .	But who cares .
Hence with your little ones .	Go away and take your children .
I will weep .	I ’ m going to cry .
If any bark put forth , come to the mart , Where I will walk till thou return to me .	If a ship ’ s leaving , come to the marketplace .
I ’ ll bring you to him straight .	I ’ ll bring you to him right away .
Descend , brother , I say .	Come down , brother .
Tweaks me by the nose ?	Tweaks me by the nose ?
Hang there , my verse , in witness of my love .	Hang there on this tree , you lines of poetry , and bear witness to my love .
But then I saw no harm , and then I heard Each syllable that breath made up between them .	Yes , but I didn ’ t see anything wrong , and I heard every syllable they said .
That shows thou art unconfirmed .	That only proves how inexperienced you are .
Let us hear what Antony can say .	Let ’ s hear what Antony has to say .
A grandam ’ s name is little less in love Than is the doting title of a mother .	A grandmother is loved hardly less than a mother is .
This was a great argument of love in her toward you .	Well , that proves she ’ s in love with you .
Where is this King ?	Where is this king ?
I am much bound to you .	Thank you very much .
Question : why , an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum .	About an hour for the ringing and fifteen minutes for the crying .
Taurus !	Taurus !
are there masques ?	are there parties ?
There are the players .	The actors are here .
The little strength that I have , I would it were with you .	I wish I could give you the little strength that I have .
Were such things here as we do speak about ?	Are you sure we ’ re talking about what we ’ ve seen here ?
Hang up thy mistress !	Damn your mistress !
O Spartan dog , More fell than anguish , hunger , or the sea !	O Spartan dog , More evil than anguish , hunger , or the sea !
Show .	Show .
I long to know the truth hereof at large .	I need to hear the truth about all this .
How far ’ st thou , soldier ?	How are you , soldier ?
Say again : where didst thou leave these variets ?	Tell me again , where did you leave these varlets ?
Do you think I ’ ll be forsworn ?	Do you think I ’ d break my oath ?
I tell you , ’ twill sound harshly in her ears .	I tell you , this will make her angry when she hears about it .
Go .	Off !
Bid your friends welcome , show a merry cheer .	Put on a happy face , and welcome your friends .
Look !	Look !
Once more , what news ?	Once again , what ’ s the news ?
Fetch me the handkerchief — my mind misgives .	Bring me the handkerchief — My mind is full of doubt .
So shall he waste his means , weary his soldiers , Doing himself offense , whilst we , lying still , Are full of rest , defense , and nimbleness .	That way , he ’ ll waste his provisions and tire out his soldiers , weakening his own capacities , while we , lying still , are rested , energetic , and nimble .
Silence that dreadful bell , it frights the isle From her propriety .	Stop that alarm from ringing , it ’ s scaring the islanders .
We are spoiled and yonder he is !	There he is !
That I have , lady .	That I have , lady .
Tis new to thee .	It ’ s new to you .
Thy name is Gloucester .	Your name ’ s Gloucester .
For us , we will resign During the life of this old majesty To him our absolute power .	As for me , I ’ m surrendering all my power over to him , giving him absolute authority for the rest of his life .
My ancestors did from the streets of Rome The Tarquin drive , when he was call 'd a king .	My ancestors drove Tarquin from the streets of Rome When he was called a king . — " Speak , strike , revenge !
It shines everywhere .	I ’ m everywhere .
I pray you , know me , when we meet again ; I wish you well , and so I take my leave .	Please , recognize me when we meet again : I wish you well , and so I say goodbye .
Well , masters , we hear our charge .	Well gentlemen , we ’ ve heard our assignment .
My life will be too short , And every measure fail me .	I won ’ t live long enough , and all my efforts will fail me .
I ’ ll to my book , For yet ere supper-time must I perform Much business appertaining .	Now it ’ s time to get back to my studying , since I have a lot of serious business to take care of before dinner .
By heaven , it is the same I gave the doctor !	My God , it ’ s the same one I gave the judge !
We shall be the more marketable . — Bonjour , Monsieur Le Beau .	If we ’ re Hello , Monsieur Le Beau .
No cause , no cause .	I had no reason , no reason .
O , no ; he goes into Mauritania , and takes away with him the fair Desdemona , unless his abode be lingered here by some accident ; wherein none can be so determinate as the removing of Cassio .	O , no ; He goes into Mauritania , and takes the beautiful Desdemona away with him , unless his living here can be delayed by some accident which no one can be so determined about removing of Cassio .
And wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love , so rich within his soul , And tender me , forsooth , affection , But by your setting on , by your consent ?	And why does Lysander deny that he loves you , when he loves you so deeply ?
What ish my nation ?	What is my nation ?
I do desire we may be better strangers .	I also hope that we can be better strangers .
Are yet two Romans living such as these ?	Could you have found two Romans as good as these two ?
All our service In every point twice done , and then done double , Were poor and single business to contend Against those honors deep and broad wherewith Your Majesty loads our house .	All our service , If done twice in every point , and then done double , Would be poor and single business to compete With those honors deep and broad that Your majesty heaps upon our house .
And most chirurgeonly .	Like a good doctor .
Big Mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host And faintly through a rusty beaver peeps .	The horsemen stand frozen like candlesticks , torches in their hands .
I have perceived a most faint neglect of late , which I have rather blamed as mine own jealous curiosity than as a very pretense and purpose of unkindness .	I ’ ve felt neglected recently , but I decided that it was more likely that I was being hypersensitive than that they were intentionally unkind .
But if you do refuse to marry me , You ’ ll give yourself to this most faithful shepherd ?	But if you decide not to marry me , you ’ ll marry this faithful shepherd instead ?
But if that I am I , then well I know Your weeping sister is no wife of mine , Nor to her bed no homage do I owe .	But if I am myself , then I know for sure that your weeping sister is not my wife .
Antonio , as I heard in Genoa , — What , what , what ?	Antonio , as I heard in Genoa , — What , what , what ?
And for my sister and her princely sons , Be satisfied , dear God , with our true blood , Which , as thou know ’ st , unjustly must be spilt .	But don ’ t kill my sister and her royal sons , be satisfied , dear God , with our blood , which is being spilled unjustly , as you know .
Now I will believe That there are unicorns , that in Arabia There is one tree , the phoenix ’ throne , one phoenix At this hour reigning there .	Now I will believe That there are unicorns ; that in Arabia There is one tree , the throne of the phoenix ; one phoenix Reigning there now .
What trumpet is that same ?	What ’ s that trumpet for ?
E 'en at hand , alighted by this .	Any minute .
The king hath note of all that they intend , By interception which they dream not of .	The king has been informed of all their plans , but they have no idea .
For if such actions may have passage free , Bond-slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be .	If we let crimes like this happen , slaves and heathens will be our rulers .
And you are well met , Signior Hortensio .	Good to see you , Signior Hortensio .
But give me your hand , Menas .	But let ’ s shake hands , Menas .
No , no !	No , no !
Are you yet living ?	Aren ’ t you dead yet ?
Moreover that we much did long to see you , The need we have to use you did provoke Our hasty sending .	In addition to the fact that we have wanted to see you for A long time , the reason we need to see you made us Send our hasty invitation .
My lord , I warrant you we will play our part As he shall think by our true diligence He is no less than what we say he is .	Convince him that he has been out of his mind — and when he says he ’ s out of his mind My lord , I promise we will play our parts so skillfully that he will believe everything we tell him .
You take my life When you do take the means whereby I live .	You take my life when you take away my means of making a living .
We ’ ll hear the will .	We want to hear the will .
You have seen nothing then ?	You haven ’ t seen anything , then ?
So .	Like that .
Down with him , thief !	Get him , he ’ s a thief !
Upon such sacrifices , my Cordelia , The gods themselves throw incense .	My Cordelia , even the gods admire how much you ’ ve sacrificed for me .
Edward Plantagenet , why art thou dead ?	Edward Plantagenet , why are you dead ?
How fine my master is !	How fine my master is !
and discourse fustian with one 's own shadow ?	and pick a fight with my own shadow ?
What , up and down , carved like an apple tart ?	Carved it up and down like an apple tart ?
Not stingless too .	Not stingless too .
Casca , be sudden , for we fear prevention — Brutus , what shall be done ?	Brutus , what will we do ?
If you choose that wherein I am contained , Straight shall our nuptial rites be solemnized .	If you choose the one that contains my picture , we ’ ll be married right away .
I would thou couldst !	I wish you could !
Didst not mark that ?	Did you see that ?
What , of death too , That rids our dogs of languish ?	What , am I being denied death , as well ?
Ay , and wisely .	Yes , and wisely .
Am I your bird ?	I ’ ll
If he cannot , let the botcher mend him .	If he cannot , let the tailor mend him .
I grant I am a woman , but withal A woman well reputed , Cato 's daughter .	I ’ ll grant you that I ’ m a woman , but I am , besides , A woman of good reputation , Cato 's daughter .
News , lads !	News , lads !
I cannot find it .	I can ’ t find it .
Though this island seem to be desert —	Though this island may appear desolate —
By th ' clock ’ tis day , And yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp .	The clock says it ’ s daytime , but dark night is strangling the sun .
And as I say , retire with me to my lodging , from whence I will fitly bring you to hear my lord speak .	In the meantime , come home with me , and when the time is right I ’ ll take you to talk to him .
But yet for all that , an if she did not hate him deadly , she would love him dearly .	And yet for all that , if she didn ’ t hate him to death , she ’ d love him to death .
Let it not , Brutus .	Let ’ s not , Brutus .
Thus we are agreed .	So we are in agreement .
I have no way , and therefore want no eyes .	I don ’ t have anywhere to go , so I don ’ t need to see .
Why did you so cry out , sirs , in your sleep ?	Why did you cry out in your sleep ?
And for the Jew ’ s bond which he hath of me , Let it not enter in your mind of love .	As for the Jew ’ s contract , don ’ t let it be a factor in your plans .
Give them the foils , young Osric .	Give them the swords , young Osric .
O , yes , and went between us very oft .	O , yes ; and went between us very often .
Such have but a shadow ’ s bliss .	They only feel the shadow of joy .
My decayèd fair A sunny look of his would soon repair .	One smile from him would repair my decayed beauty .
What , man , there are ways to recover the general again .	There are lots of ways to get on the general ’ s good side again .
That ’ s our offer .	That ’ s our offer .
Dost thou not suspect my years ?	Don ’ t you
Tigers , not daughters , what have you performed ?	You ’ re tigers , not daughters .
O , most wicked speed , to post With such dexterity to incestuous sheets !	O , most wicked speed , to travel With such quickness to incestuous sheets !
Let your highness Command upon me , to the which my duties Are with a most indissoluble tie Forever knit .	Whatever your highness commands me to do , it is always my duty to do it .
Still you keep o ' the windy side of the law .	You still haven ’ t said anything incriminating .
Die and be damned , and It is well .	Then die and be damned !
there are ways to recover the general again .	There are ways to regain the general again .
I would to God all strifes were well compounded .	If only all struggles ended this well .
By your leave , sir .	Excuse me , sir .
Therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues .	Therefore , all lovers should speak for themselves .
To the jail with him !	Take him off to jail !
You have lost no reputation at all , unless you repute yourself such a loser .	You have lost no reputation at all , unless you believe yourself to be such a loser .
But he sleeps .	But he ’ s sleeping .
Shall we go seek Benedick and tell him of her love ?	Should we go find Benedick and tell him about Beatrice ’ s love ?
Let her live To join our kingdoms and our hearts , and never Fly off our loves again !	She will be the bond that joins our kingdoms and our hearts .
Then , in the name of God and all these rights , Advance your standards .	So , in the name of God and all the good that will come of this
Why , so .	Well .
Gone ?	Gone ?
What tidings can you tell me of my lord ?	What news can you tell me of my lord ?
To what end , my lord ?	What for , my lord ?
Will you deny me now ?	Are you really going to pretend you don ’ t know me now ?
The moblèd queen ” ?	The muffled queen ” ?
That I have , lady .	Yes , I do , lady .
Swear .	Swear .
If you deny me , fie upon your law — There is no force in the decrees of Venice .	If you refuse me , the laws of Venice have no validity .
And make him with fair Aegle break his faith , With Ariadne and Antiopa ?	And make him break his promise with fair Aegle , Not to mention with Ariadne and Antiopa ?
Thus it remains , and the remainder thus .	It remains like this , and the remainder like this .
I think this tale would win my daughter too .	I think this tale would win my daughter too .
Those that are in extremity of either are abominable fellows and betray themselves to every modern censure worse than drunkards .	People who are either too serious or too silly are awful .
Mistress , what cheer ?	Cheer up .
Ill spirit , I would hold more talk with thee .	Evil spirit , I want to talk some more .
Now , by my holidam , here comes Katherina !	By all that ’ s holy , here comes Katherina !
I am to blame .	I am to blame .
There is ten thousand — Geese , villain ?	There are ten thousand — Geese , you idiot ?
The more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .	It ’ s too bad some mutual friend of theirs doesn ’ t introduce them .
Did ever Dian so become a grove As Kate this chamber with her princely gait ?	Did Diana ever beautify a grove as much as Kate beautifies this room with her queenly movements ?
Perchance ' Twill walk again .	Maybe it ’ ll come again .
I think I can discover him , if you please To get good guard and go along with me .	I think I can find him .
Madam , he ’ s married to Octavia .	He ’ s married to Octavia , madam .
O , let it not be so .	Don ’ t do this !
Ha , art thou bedlam ?	Are you mad ?
not yet quite dead ?	Not yet quite dead ?
You come to me and you say , “ Shylock , we would have moneys . ” You say so ! — You , that did void your rheum upon my beard And foot me as you spurn a stranger cur Over your threshold !	You come to me saying , “ Shylock , we need money . ” You say that ! — even though you spat on my beard and kicked me like you ’ d kick a stray mutt out your front door .
Why , I am sorry for thee , gentle Silvius .	Well , I ’ m sorry for you , gentle Silvius .
This cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen .	This stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen .
Goneril with a white beard ?	Goneril with a white beard ?
Conduct me to mine host .	Bring me to my host , Macbeth .
O ye immortal gods !	Oh , immortal gods !
All ?	All of them ?
O thou foul thief , where hast thou stow 'd my daughter ?	O you foul thief , where have you hidden my daughter ?
I did say so When first I raised the tempest .	That ’ s what I said when I first conjured the tempest .
Your wife would give you little thanks for that If she were by to hear you make the offer .	Your wife wouldn ’ t like it if she were here to hear you make that offer .
Let me be clear of thee .	Leave me alone .
This man hath had good counsel — a hundred knights !	My father can ’ t think straight — a hundred knights !
Well , I am standing water .	Well , I am standing water .
His answer was , the people were not used To be spoke to but by the recorder .	He said that the people weren ’ t used to being spoken to except by the What blocks of wood !
O heat , dry up my brains !	O heat , dry up my brains !
I cannot love him .	I can ’ t love him .
Thou villain , what sayest thou ?	You there , rogue , what do you have to say about that ?
If thou beest not immortal , look about you .	If you aren ’ t immortal , watch those around you .
Bottom !	Bottom !
God and our innocence defend and guard us !	God defend and guard us innocents against them !
You should hear reason .	You should listen to reason .
What have you done , my lord , with the dead body ?	What do you mean by that ?
Where is he gone ?	But where is he ?
Do you not hope your children shall be kings , When those that gave the Thane of Cawdor to me Promised no less to them ?	Don ’ t you hope your children shall be kings , When those things that gave the Baron of Cawdor to me Promised no less to your children ?
I 'll put it on .	I 'll put it on .
But shall we wear these glories for a day , Or shall they last and we rejoice in them ?	But will I wear these honors for only a day or will I enjoy them for a long time ?
I shifted him away , And laid good ‘ scuse upon your ecstasy ; Bade him anon return and here speak with me ; The which he promised .	I sent him away , And gave him a good excuse for your fit ; I told him to come back soon and speak here with me ; Which he promised to do .
Some food we had and some fresh water that A noble Neapolitan , Gonzalo , Out of his charity , who being then appointed Master of this design , did give us , with Rich garments , linens , stuffs , and necessaries , Which since have steaded much .	We had a little food and fresh water that a nobleman from Naples , Gonzalo , had given us out of the kindness of his heart .
What dost thou think ?	What do you think ?
Spit , fire !	Let lightning spit fire !
She did deceive her father , marrying you ; And when she seem 'd to shake and fear your looks , She loved them most .	She deceived her father by marrying you ; And when she seemed to shake and fear your looks , She loved them most .
Carry him gently to my fairest chamber And hang it round with all my wanton pictures .	Carry him to my best room — gently , so he doesn ’ t wake — and hang all my erotic paintings around him .
Your sum of parts Did not together pluck such envy from him As did that one ; and that , in my regard , Of the unworthiest siege .	All your parts together Didn ’ t arouse such jealousy in him As did that one , and that , in my regard , Is his weak spot .
Alas , Iago , my lord hath so bewhored her , Thrown such despite and heavy terms upon her , As true hearts cannot bear .	Alas , Iago , my lord has accused her of being a prostitute , Thrown such angry and horrible words at her , As true hearts cannot bear .
Think so , Iago ?	What do you mean , do I think so ?
O earth , which this blood drink ’ st revenge his death !	Oh earth , which soaks up this blood , revenge his death !
Here is my journey ’ s end , here is my butt , And very sea-mark of my utmost sail .	This is the end of my journey , the end of my life .
Methinks he looks as though he were in love .	He acts like a man in love .
Why , gentle sweet , you shall see no such thing .	Why , gentle sweet , you shall see no such thing .
And after this let Caesar seat him sure ; For we will shake him , or worse days endure .	And after this , let Caesar sit more securely on his throne , Because we will shake him from there , or endure worse days .
Are they return 'd ?	Have they returned ?
Pray you , sir , stand up .	Please stand up !
He attendeth here hard by To know your answer whether you ’ ll admit him .	He ’ s waiting nearby to find out if you ’ ll invite him in .
I will give out divers schedules of my beauty .	I ’ ll write out a detailed inventory of my beauty and label every part .
Come , one for me .	Yes , hand me one too .
Who , Hero ?	Who , Hero ?
Touching our person , seek we no revenge , But we our kingdom ’ s safety must so tender , Whose ruin you have sought , that to her laws We do deliver you .	I seek no revenge for myself , but so dearly do I hold the safety of my kingdom , which you sought to destroy , that you must be punished according to her laws .
Lucius !	Lucius !
The king falls from bias of nature — there ’ s father against child .	The king acts unnaturally — father against child .
From me , whose love was of that dignity That it went hand in hand even with the vow I made to her in marriage , and to decline Upon a wretch whose natural gifts were poor To those of mine .	She went from me , who loved her with the dignity and devotion that suits a legitimate marriage , to a wretch whose natural gifts were poor compared to mine .
Caesar , beware of Brutus ; take heed of Cassius ; come not near Casca ; have an eye to Cinna ; trust not Trebonius ; mark it well Metellus Cimber ; Decius Brutus loves thee not ; thou hast wronged Caius Ligarius .	Caesar , beware of Brutus ; be careful of Cassius ; don ’ t come near Casca ; watch Cinna ; don ’ t trust Trebonius ; pay attention to Metellus Cimber ; Decius Brutus doesn ’ t love you ; you ’ ve sinned against Caius Ligarius .
O proud Death , What feast is toward in thine eternal cell That thou so many princes at a shot So bloodily hast struck ?	O proud death , What feast is being held in your eternal cell , That you have killed so many princes So bloodily all at the same time ?
You have not been abed , then ?	You didn ’ t go to sleep , then ?
How say you , Cassio ?	What do you think , Cassio ?
A dream itself is but a shadow .	A dream itself is but a shadow .
Nay , good my lord , this courtesy is not of the right breed .	No , good my lord , this courtesy is not the right answer .
O me , what hast thou done ?	O me , what have you done ?
Give us kind keepers , heavens !	Give us kind keepers , heavens !
Everyone hears that That can distinguish sound .	Everyone who can hear has heard about it .
Set you down this ; And say besides , that in Aleppo once , Where a malignant and a turban 'd Turk Beat a Venetian and traduced the state , I took by the throat the circumcised dog And smote him , thus .	Write this down ; And say besides , that in Aleppo once , Where a malignant and a turbaned Turk Beat a Venetian and double-crossed the state , I took the circumcised dog by the throat And killed him like this .
He shall have nothing but the penalty .	He ’ s not getting anything except the penalty .
Most certain .	Absolutely .
Look what I have .	Look what I have here .
And we will mend thy wages .	And we will raise your wages .
Nothing , my lord , or if — I know not what .	Nothing , my lord , or if I did — I don ’ t know what .
Tis done by me , and ends in “ Margaret . ” Thus have you breathed your curse against yourself .	I ’ ve finished it for you , and it ends in “ Margaret . ” He ’ s turned your curse against you , Margaret .
Farewell , sweet playfellow .	Goodbye , old friend .
Farewell the plumèd troops and the big wars That makes ambition virtue !	Goodbye to the soldiers and to the wars that make men great !
Come , Grey .	Come , Grey .
My lord , I do not know that I did cry .	My lord , I don ’ t know that I did cry .
Pronounce .	Ask away .
Know , my hearts , I hope well of tomorrow , and will lead you Where rather I ’ ll expect victorious life Than death and honor .	You should know , my friends , that I have good hopes for tomorrow , and that I will lead you as if I expect victory rather than an honorable death .
Write loyal cantons of contemned love And sing them loud even in the dead of night .	I ’ d write sad songs about unrequited love and sing them loudly in the middle of the night .
Know ’ st thou the youth that spoke to me erewhile ?	Do you know the boy who was just speaking to me ?
This is some minx 's token , and I must take out the work ?	This is some cat 's gift , and I must take out the work ?
By two o 'clock I will be with thee again .	I ’ ll be back here with you by two o 'clock .
These babes for Clarence weep and so do I ; I for an Edward weep ; so do not they .	These young children cry for Clarence and so do I , though they don ’ t cry for Edward , as I do .
By my troth , a good song .	That ’ s a good song .
She were an excellent wife for Benedict .	She would make a good wife for Benedick .
Where nothing , But who knows nothing , is once seen to smile ; Where sighs and groans and shrieks that rend the air , Are made , not mark 'd ; where violent sorrow seems A modern ecstasy .	where nothing , But who knows nothing , is once seen to smile , Where sighs , and groans , and shrieks , that tear at the air , Are made , not marked , where violent sorrow seems A modern ecstasy .
In sooth , you are to blame .	In truth , you are to blame .
If thou would have such a one , take me .	If you would have such a man , take me .
What , wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice ?	What , would you let a snake bite you twice ?
O , pardon me ; ‘ twill do me good to walk .	O , pardon me ; it will do me good to walk .
There , take you that , sir knave .	There , take that , you scoundrel !
My lady would not lose him for more than I ’ ll say .	My lady would never want to lose him .
For your desire to know what is between us , O 'ermaster ’ t as you may .	But regarding what happened between us , don ’ t ask — I can ’ t tell you .
Would you desire lime and hair to speak better ?	Do you need lime and hair to speak better ?
aside &ket; Praise in departing .	Praise in departing .
Our general ’ s wife is now the general .	Othello ’ s wife has a lot of influence now .
Have done thy charm , thou hateful , withered hag .	Enough of your magic spells , you hateful , withered hag .
Alack , ’ tis he .	Sadly , it ’ s the king that ’ s missing .
But is he often thus ?	But is he often like this ?
More company !	We need more help !
Thus I mend it : Time himself is bald and therefore , to the world ’ s end , will have bald followers .	Then I ’ ll change it to this : Father Time himself is bald , so for all time there will be bald men .
It is to be all made of sighs and tears , And so am I for Phoebe .	It means being full of sighs and tears , like I am for Phoebe .
There lies your way .	Go on , wear your boots out !
That “ sort ” was well fished for .	In a way ” is the right way to go .
Jove , I thank thee !	Dear God , thank you !
Pindarus , Bid our commanders lead their charges off A little from this ground .	Pindarus , Ask our commanders to lead their men a little Away from this place .
Sound , music ! — Come , my queen , take hands with me , And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be .	Play the music . — Take my hands , my queen , and we ’ ll lull these people to sleep with our soft dancing .
Orlando doth commend him to you both , And to that youth he calls his Rosalind He sends this bloody napkin .	Orlando sends his regards to you both , and he sends this bloody handkerchief to the boy he calls “ his Rosalind . ” Is that you ?
Feed and regard him not .	Eat your dinner and pay no attention to him .
then confess What treason there is mingled with your love .	Then confess What evil is there mingled with your love .
Ye men of Cyprus , let her have your knees .	You men of Cyprus , bend your knees .
I humbly thank you , sir .	I humbly thank you , sir .
I charge you , as you hope to have redemption , By Christ ’ s dear blood shed for our grievous sins , That you depart , and lay no hands on me .	If you hope to have your sins forgiven by Christ ’ s dear blood , which He shed for our terrible sins , you must leave and keep your hands off me .
Listen , but speak not to 't .	Listen , but don ’ t speak to it .
You cram these words into mine ears against The stomach of my sense .	You keep cramming words into my ears that I don ’ t want to hear .
Let not my worser spirit tempt me again To die before you please .	Don ’ t tempt me to suicide again .
If we shadows have offended , Think but this , and all is mended , That you have but slumber 'd here While these visions did appear .	If we actors have offended you , Think about this , --and everything will be all right , --you have only dozed off here While these visions appeared .
Truly , and I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality that it is but a shadow ’ s shadow .	In fact , I consider ambition to be so light and airy that it ’ s only the shadow of a shadow .
Take some remembrance of us as a tribute , Not as a fee .	Take some memento from us as a token of our gratitude , not as a fee .
It is not lost , but what and if it were ?	It ’ s not lost , but what if it were ?
What , worse and worse ? — With leave , Bassanio , I am half yourself , And I must freely have the half of anything That this same paper brings you .	What , does the news only get worse ? — Please , Bassanio , I ’ m half of you , so let me bear half the burden this letter brings you .
Ay , there it is .	Yes , here it is .
Where art thou , proud Demetrius ?	Where are you , proud Demetrius ?
What , is Antonio here ?	What , is Antonio here ?
Is it your own inclining ?	Or was it just your whim , on your own initiative ?
He does hear me , And that he does I weep .	He does hear me , and that makes me cry .
Get thee to bed , Francisco .	Go home to bed , Francisco .
This murderous shaft that ’ s shot Hath not yet lighted , and our safest way Is to avoid the aim .	We haven ’ t yet encountered that danger , and the best thing to do is avoid it entirely .
The soldier ’ s pole is fall ’ n !	The flags have fallen .
Oh , heaven forgive us !	Oh , heaven help us !
That ’ s a degree to love .	That ’ s a step in the direction of love .
And you must cut this flesh from off his breast .	And you have to cut this flesh from his chest .
Silenced with that , In viewing o 'er the rest o ' the selfsame day , He finds thee in the stout Norweyan ranks , Nothing afeard of what thyself didst make , Strange images of death .	He was also shocked to learn that on the same day you fought the rebels you also fought against the army of Norway , and that you weren ’ t the least bit afraid of death , even as you killed everyone around you .
Wisdom ?	Wisdom !
So doth the greater glory dim the less .	Well , brighter lights always dim the smaller ones .
For your life you durst not .	You wouldn ’ t have dared , out of fear for your life .
She is our capital demand , comprised Within the forerank of our articles .	She is our principal demand — one of the first points of the treaty .
Teach it but how , And thou shalt see how apt it is to learn Any hard lesson that may do thee good .	Just tell me what you want me to do , and however hard it is , you ’ ll see that I ’ m eager to do it .
I pray you go with me .	I beg you , go with me .
let me see .	Let me think .
I see this hath a little dashed your spirits .	You seem a little depressed about this .
Knock Knock Hark !	Listen , more knocking .
The queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to Laertes before you fall to play .	The queen wants you to chat with Laertes — politely — before you begin your match .
Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump , The spirit-stirring drum , th ' ear-piercing fife , The royal banner , and all quality , Pride , pomp , and circumstance of glorious war !	Goodbye to the horses and the trumpets and the drums , the flute and the splendid banners , and all those proud displays and pageantry of war !
My father — methinks I see my father .	My father — I think I see my father .
Is it not hard , Nerissa , that I cannot choose one nor refuse none ?	Isn ’ t it a pain that I can ’ t choose or refuse anyone , Nerissa ?
Oh !	Oh !
What kind of help ?	What kind of help do you need ?
Were such things here as we do speak about ?	Were these things we ’ re talking about really here ?
A thing for me ?	You ’ ve got something for me ?
She 's the worse for all this .	She 's the worse for all this .
Go to .	Get lost !
He hath neither Latin , French , nor Italian , and you will come into the court and swear that I have a poor pennyworth in the English .	He doesn ’ t speak Latin , French , or Italian , and you know how little English I speak .
Here comes two of the banished duke ’ s pages .	Here come two of Duke Senior ’ s pages .
No , let me know , And knowing what I am , I know what she shall be .	Then I ’ ll know exactly what she is , just as I know what I am .
Iago !	Iago ?
The selfsame name , but one of better nature .	Someone else has the same name , but he ’ s a better man .
Hamlet . ” This in obedience hath my daughter shown me , And more above , hath his solicitings , As they fell out by time , by means , and place , All given to mine ear .	Hamlet . ” Dutifully and obediently my daughter showed me this letter , and more like it .
Must I stand and crouch Under your testy humor ?	Must I stand and bend Under your short-tempered mood ?
All my pretty ones ?	All my pretty ones ?
My lord and master loves you .	My lord loves you .
Let me have surgeons .	I need a doctor .
Thou know ’ st that Banquo , and his Fleance , lives .	You know that Banquo and his son Fleance are still alive .
Well , stand aside . — ' Fore God , they are both in a ale .	Well , okay . — I swear to God , both their stories match .
It should be — But he is drowned , and these are devils .	It ’ s — But he ’ s drowned , and these guys are devils .
Nay , go not back .	No , don ’ t go back .
You are , and do not know ’ t .	You are , but you don ’ t know it yet .
Why he more than another ?	Why he more than another ?
He is now in some commerce with my lady and will by and by depart .	He ’ s conducting some business with my lady , and sooner or later he ’ ll leave .
Where hast thou sent the king ?	Where have you sent the king ?
Therefore , go These griefs and losses have so ' bated me , That I shall hardly spare a pound of flesh To-morrow , to my bloody creditor .	So , go ; These griefs and losses have so upset me That I shall hardly have a pound of flesh Tomorrow give to my bloody creditor .
Why , what 's the matter ?	Why , what 's the matter ?
In my school days , when I had lost one shaft , I shot his fellow of the selfsame flight The selfsame way with more advisèd watch To find the other forth — and by adventuring both , I oft found both .	Back when I was a schoolboy , if I lost an arrow I would try to find it by shooting another arrow in the same direction , watching the second arrow more carefully than I had the first .
Give us the place alone .	Everyone , please leave us alone for a moment .
The moon , methinks , looks with a watery eye ; And when she weeps , weeps every little flower ; Lamenting some enforced chastity .	The moon , I think , looks as if she has watery eyes , And when she weeps , every little flower weeps , Lamenting some enforced chastity .
Slight , will you make an ass o ' me ?	Are you trying to make fun of me ?
Here in these confines slyly have I lurked To watch the waning of mine enemies .	I ’ ve lurked in the shadows here to watch the downfall of my enemies .
How old art thou ?	How old are you ?
But I must tell thee plainly , Claudio undergoes my challenge , and either I must shortly hear from him , or I will subscribe him a coward .	But I will tell you this very plainly : I have challenged Claudio , and either he ’ ll accept the challenge or admit he ’ s a coward .
Then you do not love me ?	So you don ’ t love me ?
Shall I entreat a word ?	Can I have a word with you ?
You speak not as you think ; it cannot be .	You don ’ t speak as you think ; it cannot be .
I am half afeard Thou wilt say anon he is some kin to thee , Thou spend ’ st such high-day wit in praising him . — Come , come , Nerissa , for I long to see Quick Cupid ’ s post that comes so mannerly .	Come on , Nerissa , I want to go see this man who ’ s come so courteously .
I would have my bond .	I would choose to take my penalty .
Who calls ?	Who ’ s shouting ?
For he partly begs To be desired to give .	He almost begs for the opportunity to help you .
Do you not remember he saw a flea stick upon Bardolph ’ s nose , and he said it was a black soul burning in hell ?	Don ’ t you remember how he saw a flea land on Bardolph ’ s nose and said it was a black soul burning in hell ?
Since Cleopatra died I have lived in such dishonor that the gods Detest my baseness .	Since Cleopatra died , I have lived in such dishonor that the gods despise my disgrace .
I love her ten times more than e 'er I did .	Now I want her more than ever .
Ay , and I ’ ll give them him without a fee .	Yes , and I ’ ll give it to him for free .
Love me or love me not , I like the cap , And it I will have , or I will have none .	I don ’ t care if you love me or not , I like the cap and I ’ ll have it or I won ’ t have any .
Who , Sir Andrew Aguecheek ?	Who , Sir Andrew Aguecheek ?
But one fiend at a time , I ’ ll fight their legions o 'er .	I ’ ll fight every one of these devils if I have to , one at a time .
O , give me leave .	Oh , please let me .
Good .	Good .
I do think there is mettle in death , which commits some loving act upon her , she hath such a celerity in dying .	I think there must be something invigorating about death , since she dies with such enthusiasm .
A good soft pillow for that good white head Were better than a churlish turf of France .	A nice , soft pillow would be a more suitable place to lay that good white head than France ’ s hard , cold ground .
But come , I ’ ll tell thee all my whole device When I am in my coach , which stays for us At the park gate .	Here , I ’ ll tell you my whole plan in my carriage , which is waiting for us at the gate .
The very head and front of my offending Hath this extent , no more .	There ’ s nothing more .
But on thy side I may not be too forward , Lest , being seen , thy brother , tender George , Be executed in his father ’ s sight .	But I can ’ t be too obvious about being on your side without risking the life of your stepbrother , young George .
So was I when your Highness took his dukedom .	I was his daughter when your Highness took my father ’ s dukedom .
Make no delay .	Don ’ t delay .
Octavia weeps To part from Rome .	Octavia weeps at the thought of leaving Rome .
Give me your hand .	Give me your hand .
Which of these sorrows is he subject to ?	Which of these bad things happened to him ?
I do know him by his gait .	I recognize his walk .
Nay , take my life and all ; pardon not that : You take my house when you do take the prop That doth sustain my house ; you take my life , When you do take the means whereby I live .	No , take my life and everything , don ’ t pardon that : You take my house when you take the prop That holds my house up ; you take my life When you take the means by which I live .
And when she speaks , is it not an alarum to love ?	And when she speaks , isn ’ t it a call to love ?
Away !	Let ’ s get out of here !
A pestilence on him for a mad rogue !	A pestilence on him for a crazy rogue !
Their hands and faces were all badged with blood .	Their hands and faces were all covered with blood .
You are the Queen , your husband 's brother 's wife , And — would it were not so — you are my mother .	You are the Queen , your husband 's brother 's wife , And , I wish it wasn ’ t so , but you are my mother .
Swear by this bottle how thou cam 'st hither .	Swear by this bottle how you came here — I escaped on a barrel of wine , which the sailors heaved overboard , by this bottle !
I hear the news , my lord .	I heard the news , my lord .
I ’ ll be thy second .	I ’ ll back you up .
How goes the night , boy ?	How ’ s the night going , boy ?
I have this present evening from my sister Been well informed of them — and with such cautions That if they come to sojourn at my house I ’ ll not be there .	Tonight I received a letter from my sister telling me all about them — and warning me not be at home in case they come to stay at my house .
I am sorry for thee ; thou art come to answer A stony adversary , an inhuman wretch Uncapable of pity , void and empty From any dram of mercy .	I am sorry for you ; you are here to answer A rock-like opponent , an inhuman wretch , Incapable of pity , void and empty Of any ounce of mercy .
Nor go neither ; but you 'll lie like dogs and yet say nothing neither .	Or leave either : but you 'll lie like dogs , and still say nothing neither .
I will but spend a word here in the house And go with you .	I will only say one more word here in the house , And I ’ ll go with you .
No jutty , frieze , Buttress , nor coign of vantage , but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle ; Where they most breed and haunt , I have observed The air is delicate .	I have observed that the air is delicate In areas where they frequently breed and visit .
Though in the trade of war I have slain men , Yet do I hold it very stuff o ' the conscience To do no contrived murder .	Although I have slain men during a war , I believe it is a grave matter of the conscience To do a premeditated murder .
What treasure , uncle ?	What ’ s the treasure , uncle ?
O , he was gentle , mild , and virtuous .	Oh , he was gentle , mild , and virtuous .
Cannot a plain man live and think no harm , But thus his simple truth must be abused With silken , sly , insinuating jacks ?	Can ’ t a plain man live and do no harm to anyone without being taken advantage of by a bunch of slick , sneaky lowlifes ?
I shaked you , sir , and cried .	I shook you and shouted at you , sir .
What didst not like ?	What didn ’ t you like ?
O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !	O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !
Dar ’ st thou resolve to kill a friend of mine ?	Do you dare kill a friend of mine ?
In cases of defense ’ tis best to weigh The enemy more mighty than he seems .	When it comes to defense , it ’ s best to assume that the enemy is more powerful than he seems .
His father , though I say ’ t , is an honest exceeding poor man and , God be thanked , well to live .	His father , if I do say so myself , is an honest but very poor man , and , thank God , likely to live a long time .
Nay , but I know who loves him .	Oh , and I know who loves him .
Conclude , conclude , he is in love .	A conclusion , a conclusion : he is in love .
Come , bring me unto my chance .	Let me take my chances .
And did you see the handkerchief ?	And did you see the handkerchief ?
Hence !	Get going !
Though all things foul would wear the brows of grace , Yet grace must still look so .	Though all things disgustingly filthy would look like grace , Yet grace must still look that way .
My duty , madam , and most humble service .	I give you my obedience and my humble service , madam .
Dispatch . — Enobarbus !	Hurry .
I one , my lord .	I am one , my lord .
You , Nick Bottom , are set down for Pyramus .	You , Nick Bottom , are set down for Pyramus .
Am I in earth , in heaven , or in hell ?	Am I on earth , in heaven , or in hell ?
Make us thy ministers of chastisement , That we may praise thee in the victory !	Make us your agents of revenge , so we can praise you when we ’ re victorious !
The goodness of the night upon you , friends !	The goodness of the night on you , friends !
Yes , sooth ; and so do you .	Yes , truly , and so do you .
This is no answer , thou unfeeling man , To excuse the current of thy cruelty .	It doesn ’ t excuse your cruel behavior .
Where did you leave him ?	Where did you leave him ?
Yours , yours .	Yours , yours .
And you , good sir .	And to you , good sir .
Retire we to our chamber .	Let ’ s go back to our bedroom .
Let not that doctor e 'er come near my house !	Don ’ t let that lawyer ever come near my house !
I fear ’ tis choleric .	I ’ m afraid it will make you too hot , too .
If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep , Being o 'er shoes in blood , plunge in the deep , And kill me too .	If you have slain Lysander in his sleep , Being in blood over your shoes , plunge the knife Deep into me and kill me too .
Fool , do not flatter .	Fool , do not flatter yourself .
When he returns from hunting , I will not speak with him .	When he comes back from hunting , I ’ m not going to speak to him .
We speak no treason , man .	We ’ re not saying anything treasonous , man .
Indeed he is not fit .	Indeed , he ’ s not right for this .
a diamond gone , cost me two thousand ducats in Frankfort !	A diamond gone , cost me two thousand dollars in Frankfort !
And so , adieu .	And so , good-bye .
Here is the cap your Worship did bespeak .	Here is the cap your Worship ordered .
Look who comes here .	Look who ’ s coming .
What bloody man is that ?	Who is this bloody man ?
My Queen and Eros Have by their brave instruction got upon me A nobleness in record .	My Queen and Eros have by their brave examples beaten me to the history books .
Heard you this , Gonzalo ?	Did you hear this , Gonzalo ?
Crowns in my purse I have and goods at home , And so am come abroad to see the world .	I have money in my purse and property at home , so I ’ m off to see the world .
In pity of the challenger ’ s youth , I would fain dissuade him , but he will not be entreated .	Because he ’ s so young , I ’ ve tried to discourage him , but he won ’ t listen .
This is thy negligence .	This is your negligence .
And so say I.	I think so too .
And , most dear actors , eat no onions nor garlic , for we are to utter sweet breath ; and I do not doubt but to hear them say it is a sweet comedy .	And , most dear actors , don ’ t eat any onions nor garlic , because we are to utter our lines with sweet breath ; And I don ’ t doubt that we will hear them say it is a sweet comedy .
He ’ s safe for these three hours .	We ’ re safe from my father for at least three hours .
That shall be by and by .	That ’ ll happen soon enough .
Shylock , there 's thrice thy money offer 'd thee .	Shylock , there 's three times your money offered to you .
And my heart too .	And my heart too .
In faith , he ’ s penitent , And yet his trespass , in our common reason ( Save that , they say , the wars must make example Out of her best ) is not , almost , a fault T ' incur a private check .	His mistake was hardly worth punishing him for in the first place — though in wartime it is sometimes necessary to make examples out of even the best soldiers .
I like not fair terms and a villain 's mind .	I don ’ t like fair terms and a villain 's mind .
Know you before whom , sir ?	Do you know whom you ’ re talking to ?
Why , so .	Why ?
What man was he talked with you yesternight Out at your window betwixt twelve and one ?	What man were you talking to at your window last night , between the hours of midnight and one ?
I do not set my life at a pin 's fee ; And for my soul , what can it do to that , Being a thing immortal as itself ?	I don ’ t value my life at the price of a pin , And as for my soul , what can it do to that , Being a thing that is immortal as it is ?
You may go to the devil ’ s dam !	You can go straight to hell !
This must crave — An if this be at all — a most strange story .	There must be a strange explanation for this — if it ’ s true .
Richard except , those whom we fight against Had rather have us win than him they follow .	Other than Richard , even those whom we fight against would rather we won .
Well , go thy way .	Well , go on your way , then .
Would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia ?	Would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia ?
The consequence is , then , thy jealous fits Have scared thy husband from the use of wits .	What I ’ m saying is , your jealousy has pushed your husband away from his sanity .
I am not guilty of Lysander ’ s blood .	I didn ’ t kill Lysander .
I told him what I thought , and told no more Than what he found himself was apt and true .	I told him what I thought ; and told no more Than what he himself discovered was right and true .
I cannot speak to her , yet she urged conference .	I can ’ t speak to her , even though she asked me to .
Robin Starveling , you must play Thisbe ’ s mother . — Tom Snout , the tinker ?	Robin Starveling , you ’ re going to play Thisbe ’ s mother . — Tom Snout , the handyman .
Relent , sweet Hermia — And , Lysander , yield Thy crazèd title to my certain right .	Please give in , sweet Hermia . — And Lysander , stop acting like she ’ s yours .
If then that friend demand why Brutus rose against Caesar , this is my answer : not that I loved Caesar less , but that I loved Rome more .	If , then , that friend demands to know why I rose up against Caesar , this is my answer : it ’ s not that I loved Caesar less , but that I loved Rome more .
Here , sir , but trouble him not .	He ’ s here , sir , but please don ’ t bother him .
Or blessè was ’ t we did ?	Or was it a blessing that we came here ?
And what make you from Wittenberg , Horatio ? — Marcellus ?	And why are you here from Wittenberg , Horatio ?
Let me not hinder , Cassius , your desires .	But don ’ t let me keep you from going , Cassius .
Nay , stay and hear me speak .	Why , stay , And listen to me speak .
What , thou ?	What , you ?
The usurer hangs the cozener .	One criminal punishes another .
How came we ashore ?	How did we come ashore ?
Good sentences , and well pronounced .	Good sentences , and well said .
But better service have I never done you Than now to bid you hold .	I ’ ve served you since childhood , but I ’ ve never done you a better service than telling you to stop .
It may be these apparent prodigies , The unaccustom 'd terror of this night , And the persuasion of his augurers May hold him from the Capitol today .	It may be these apparent signs , The unaccustomed weather of this night , And persuasion of his men who tell the future May keep him from the Capitol today .
He took me by the wrist and held me hard ; Then goes he to the length of all his arm , And , with his other hand thus o 'er his brow , He falls to such perusal of my face As he would draw it .	He took me by the wrist , and held me hard , Then he went to the length of his whole arm , And with his other hand like this over his brow , He started such study of my face As though he wanted to draw it .
More shall they speak ; for now I am bent to know , By the worst means , the worst .	They shall speak more , for now I am determined to know The worst by the worst means .
I have done my work ill , friends .	I ’ ve botched the job , friends .
What love could press Lysander from my side ?	What love could press Lysander from my side ?
Ha , let me see .	Hmm , let me see :
O traitors , villains !	O traitors , villains !
There is but one mind in all these men , and it is bent against Caesar .	These men all have one intention , and it ’ s directed against Caesar .
You kill me to deny it .	Then , rejecting my request , you kill
You might have saved me my pains to have taken it away yourself .	You should ’ ve saved me some trouble and taken it away yourself .
Mark me .	Listen to me .
Would I were so too .	Wish I could say the same .
Two of them have the very bent of honor , And if their wisdoms be misled in this , The practice of it lives in John the Bastard , Whose spirits toil in frame of villainies .	Two of them are completely honorable , and if they have been tricked in this , we must blame John the Bastard , who lives to create conflict .
Not a whit , Touchstone .	Not at all , Touchstone .
Your Majesty , hear now , saving your Majesty ’ s manhood , what an arrant , rascally , beggarly , lousy knave it is .	Your Majesty , see here — if it won ’ t offend your Grace — what a complete , rascally , beggarly , lousy rat this is .
Nothing , my lord .	Nothing , my lord .
What beard were I best to play it in ?	What kind of beard should I wear for the part ?
Ancient , conduct them ; you best know the place .	Ensign , go with them ; you know the place best .
Swum ashore , man , like a duck .	I swam ashore like a duck .
Sit down and rest .	I am so exhausted My spirits are dulled ; sit down and rest .
What ’ s your pleasure , sir ?	What would you like , sir ?
What had he done to you ?	What had he done to you ?
I hear The strain of strutting chanticleer Cry “ Cock-a-diddle-dow . ” Where should this music be ?	Where ’ s that music coming from ?
I was always plain with you , and so now I speak my agitation of the matter : therefore , be of good chee ; for , truly , I think you are damned .	I was always honest with you , and so now , I speak my annoyance over the matter ; so be cheerful , because I honestly think you are dammed .
If haply you my father do suspect An instrument of this your calling back , Lay not your blame on me .	If you maybe suspect my father is An instrument of this calling you back , Don ’ t lay your blame on me .
Till night , my lord , and all night too .	No , the whole day , and all night too .
Seest thou this sweet sight ?	Do you see this sweet sight ?
Not a word of me .	Not a word from me .
Save me and hover o 'er me with your wings , You heavenly guards !	Save me and hover over me with your wings , You heavenly guards !
Dead ?	Is she dead ?
God restore you to health !	I hope that God restores you to health .
Let me but bind it hard , within this hour It will be well .	Let me wrap up your head , and it will feel okay in less than an hour .
It is impossible they bear it out .	No ship could survive this storm .
But what praise couldst thou bestow on a deserving woman indeed , one that in the authority of her merit did justly put on the vouch of very malice itself ?	But what praise could you bestow on a deserving woman indeed , one that , in the authority of her merit , rightly wore the witnessing of very malice itself ?
Ay , on the front .	Yes , on his front .
Come , down into the boat .	Come , this way to the rowboat .
Thanks , Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern .	Thanks , Rosencrantz and worthy Guildenstern .
A southwest blow on ye And blister you all o 'er !	May a hot southwest wind blow on you and cover you with blisters all over .
You are not Pinch ’ s patient , are you , sir ?	You ’ re not one of Pinch ’ s patients , are you , sir ?
No .	No .
We shall find of him A shrewd contriver .	We ’ d find that he was a dangerous plotter .
What hour now ?	What time is it now ?
Very sweet and contagious , i ' faith .	Yes , it stinks very sweetly .
This fortification , gentlemen , shall we see 't ?	This fortification , gentlemen , shall we see it ?
I was sure your lordship did not give it me .	I was sure that you hadn ’ t given it to me .
Goes the king hence today ?	Is the king leaving here today ?
Orsino .	Orsino .
Sir , there she stands .	There she is , over there .
Nay , then , thou mock 'st me .	No , then , you are making fun of me .
I have fled myself , and have instructed cowards To run and show their shoulders .	I ’ ve told cowards to turn their backs on me and run .
for heaven 's sake , help me !	For heaven 's sake , help me !
As woman ’ s love .	Yes , as short as a woman ’ s love .
Twas I , but ’ tis not I. I do not shame To tell you what I was , since my conversion So sweetly tastes , being the thing I am .	That was me , but it ’ s not me — I ’ m not ashamed to tell you what I once was , since I ’ m so happy to have since converted .
tis bitter cold , And I am sick at heart .	It ’ s bitter cold , And I ’ m depressed .
At least I ’ m sure it may be so in Denmark .	At least it ’ s possible in Denmark .
But I ’ ll go in .	But I ’ ll go in .
Avaunt !	Be gone !
Yes , yes , it was Bassanio ; as I think , so was he called .	Yes , yes , it was Bassanio , I think , or so he was called .
Kind souls , what , weep you when you but behold Our Caesar ’ s vesture wounded ?	But if it overwhelms you to look at Caesar ’ s wounded cloak , how will you feel , kind men , now ?
Well , we will leave you then till dinnertime .	All right , we ’ ll see you at dinnertime .
And wherefore doth Lysander Deny your love , so rich within his soul , And tender me , forsooth , affection , But by your setting on , by your consent ?	and why does Lysander Deny your love , so rich within his soul , And give me , indeed , affection , Except by your putting them up to it , by your consent ?
Bring it hither to me in the orchard .	Go get it and bring it to me here in the orchard .
Good morrow , brother Bedford .	Good morning , brother Bedford .
Are you the lady of the house ?	Are you the lady of the house ?
So haply are they friends to Antony .	So they are possibly Antony ’ s friends .
Is he pursued ?	Are your men searching for him ?
Not to be abed after midnight is to be up betimes , and Nay , my troth , I know not .	And the doctors say it ’ s healthy to get up early — I don ’ t know what the doctors say .
What is this , That rises like the issue of a king , And wears upon his baby brow the round And top of sovereignty ?	What is this That rises like the heirs of a king , And wears upon his baby brow the Golden crown of a king ?
Pitchers have ears .	Little pitchers have big ears .
We have done our course .	We ’ ve finished our business .
Hence , avaunt !	Away , get going !
Sblood , do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe ?	My God , do you think I ’ m easier to manipulate than a pipe ?
O , they are our friends !	O , they are our friends , only one cup .
I think the sun where he was born Drew all such humors from him .	I think the sun where he was born Took all such humors out of him .
With this I depart — that , as I slew my best lover for the good of Rome , I have the same dagger for myself , when it shall please my country to need my death .	With this , I leave — that , as I killed my best friend for the good of Rome , I have the same dagger for myself , to be used when it shall please my country to need my death .
Doth my simple feature content you ?	Do my simple features please you ?
Yet the gold bides still That others touch , and often touching will Wear gold ; yet no man that hath a name By falsehood and corruption doth it shame .	And no man with a reputation will tarnish that name with lies and bad behavior .
And what of him , Tranio ?	And what about him , Tranio ?
I will prove it legitimate , sir , upon the oaths of judgment and reason .	No , I ’ ll prove it with airtight evidence and logical argument .
Good night then , Casca .	Good night then , Casca .
Was ever woman in this humor wooed ?	Has anyone ever courted a woman in this state of mind ?
Let ’ s to billiards .	Let ’ s play billiards .
But what a fool am I to chat with you , When I should bid good morrow to my bride And seal the title with a lovely kiss !	But what a fool I am to stand here chatting when I should bid good morning to my bride and seal the bargain with a loving kiss .
What news ?	What ’ s the news ?
Did Michael Cassio , when you wooed my lady , Know of your love ?	When you were wooing Desdemona , did Michael Cassio know about it ?
Fear nothing .	Don ’ t be afraid .
Call Burgundy . — Cornwall and Albany , With my two daughters ' dowers digest this third .	Call the Duke of Burgundy .
Addicted so and so . — ” And there put on him What forgeries you please .	Isn ’ t he the one who ’ s always , ” and so on .
It is my day , my life .	They are my daylight , my life .
My lord shall never rest ; I 'll watch him tame and talk him out of patience ; His bed shall seem a school , his board a shrift ; I 'll intermingle everything he does With Cassio 's suit .	My lord shall never rest ; I 'll watch him calmly , and talk him out of patience ; His bed shall seem like a school , his meals a confessional ; I 'll intermingle everything he does With Cassio 's suit .
You see how simple and how fond I am .	You see how simple and how in love I am .
God made him and therefore let him pass for a man .	We might as well call him a man , since God created him .
No , truly .	Honestly , no .
Murder !	murder !
O me , my heart , my rising heart !	Oh , my heart , my heart is rising into my throat !
But God above Deal between thee and me !	Only God above Deal between you and me !
What say you ?	What did you say to me ?
I know a wench of excellent discourse , Pretty and witty , wild and yet , too , gentle .	I know a terrific wench .
Pray you , go with us .	Please come with me .
Now Edmund , where ’ s the villain ?	Edmund , where ’ s your wicked brother ?
Why , man , what is the matter ?	Speak , man , what ’ s the matter ?
Black night o 'ershade thy day , and death thy life .	Then I hope night shadows your day , and death takes your life !
Soft and fair , Friar . — Which is Beatrice ?	Which one of you is Beatrice ?
Bloody , bawdy villain !	Bloody , bawdy villain !
Away , get thee away .	Away , get out of here .
Therefore I ’ ll sleep again .	I ’ ll go back to sleep now .
Why , what care I ?	Why , what do I care ?
What is between you ?	What ’ s going on between you two ?
Methinks thy voice is altered , and thou speak ’ st In better phrase and matter than thou didst .	It seems to me that your voice has changed , and that your speech is more elegant than it used to be .
There were none fine but Adam , Rafe , and Gregory .	Only Adam , Rafe , and Gregory were ready .
What is it ye would see ?	What would you like to see ?
Alas , sweet lady , what imports this song ?	Alas , sweet lady , what does this song mean ?
the moon sleeps with Endymion , And would not be awak 'd .	The moon sleeps with her lover , And does not want to be awakened !
Art rich ?	Are you rich ?
find the girl !	Find the girl !
Oh , then belike she was old and gentle , and you rode , like a kern of Ireland , your French hose off and in your straight strossers .	Oh , then I guess she was old and gentle , and you rode barelegged , like an Irish yokel .
If you have any music that may not be heard , to ’ t again .	If you ’ ve got any music that can ’ t be heard , then play that .
Seven of my people , with an obedient start , make out for him .	I ’ d send seven of my servants to go get him .
For the one , I have neither words nor measure ; and for the other , I have no strength in measure , yet a reasonable measure in strength .	I have no gift for the one and no strength for the other , though I have the gift of strength .
Tis pity of him .	It ’ s too bad .
No jutty , frieze , Buttress , nor coign of vantage , but this bird Hath made his pendant bed and procreant cradle .	There isn ’ t a single protrusion in the castle walls where these birds haven ’ t built their hanging nests to sleep and breed .
Or as ’ twere perfumed by a fen .	Stinking like a swamp .
Post back with speed , and tell him what hath chanced .	Report back to him fast and tell him what has happened .
Happy indeed , as we have spent the day .	Happy indeed , the way we have spent the day .
Doth not the gentleman Deserve as full as fortunate a bed As ever Beatrice shall couch upon ?	Doesn ’ t Benedick deserve as much luck with a mate as he would have with Beatrice ?
He fell down in the marketplace , and foamed at mouth , and was speechless .	He fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was speechless .
From our brother England ?	From our brother monarch , the king of England ?
I do not , till you practise them on me .	I don ’ t , until you use them on me .
Come , more , another stanzo .	Come on , another stanza — is that what you call ' em , “ stanzas ” ?
Let me comply with you in this garb — lest my extent to the players , which , I tell you , must show fairly outwards , should more appear like entertainment than yours .	And if we don ’ t shake hands , when I act all nice to the players it will seem like I ’ m happier to see them than you .
Keep this man safe , Give him all kindness ; I had rather have Such men my friends than enemies .	Keep this man safe , Give him all kindness ; I would rather have Such men as my friends than enemies .
Let him kill one first .	But let him start off easy by killing one of us .
There ’ s none else by .	There ’ s no one else here .
Nay , when I have a suit Wherein I mean to touch your love indeed It shall be full of poise and difficult weight And fearful to be granted .	If I ever have to ask you for something that will put your luck to the test , it ’ ll be something difficult and terrible .
So are you , princes English , every one .	You are welcome here , as are all of you English princes .
Fie !	For shame !
Messala , This is my birthday , as this very day Was Cassius born .	Messala , today is my birthday — I was born on this very day .
I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .	I myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .
Go shake your ears !	Go and wiggle your ears !
Too old by heaven .	That ’ s definitely too old .
My dearest love , Duncan comes here tonight .	My dearest love , Duncan is coming here tonight .
Therefore I will depart unkissed .	Thus , I ’ ll leave without being kissed .
Fie , fie !	shame on you ! , shame on you ! !
When ?	When ?
I know not , gentlemen , what you intend , Who else must be let blood , who else is rank .	Gentlemen , I don ’ t know what you intend to do , who else you intend to kill , who else you consider corrupt .
I will to Egypt .	Leave now .
Herein I teach you How you shall bid God ’ ild us for your pains , And thank us for your trouble .	Herein I will teach you How you shall bid God to reward us for your pains , And thank us for your trouble .
What features ?	What features ?
Move these eyes ?	Do these eyes move ?
But for a fine , quaint , graceful , and excellent fashion , yours is worth ten on ’ t .	But for a fine , elegant , graceful , and excellent dress , yours is worth ten of those .
Father and mother is man and wife ; man and wife is one flesh ; and so , my mother .	Father and mother is man and wife , man and wife is one flesh , and so , my mother .
They are coming to the play .	They ’ re coming .
Why , this would make a man a man of salt , To use his eyes for garden water-pots , Ay , and laying autumn ’ s dust .	That would make anyone cry enough to water his garden with his tears .
At every house I ’ ll call .	I ’ ll stop at every house .
A better instance , I say .	That ’ s a poor example .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
What claim lays she to thee ?	How does she claim to own you ?
We must die , Messala .	We all must die , Messala .
And , for his passage , The soldiers ' music and the rites of war Speak loudly for him .	Military music and military rites will speak for his heroic qualities .
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen .	Tunis has never had such a beautiful queen .
Why , I will see thee at Philippi then .	Why , I ’ ll see you at Philippi , then .
But make amends now .	But you can make amends now .
As I !	As I !
Let him alone awhile .	Let him be for a bit .
Nay , but I bar tonight .	Okay , but tonight doesn ’ t count .
Calphurnia !	Calphurnia !
Man delights not me — no , nor woman nei- ther , though by your smiling you seem to say so .	Man doesn ’ t delight me , no , nor woman either , though by your smiling , you seem to find that funny .
But while I say one prayer !	Just let me say one prayer !
The heavens forbid But that our loves and comforts should increase , Even as our days do grow !	The heavens forbid anything But our loves and comforts should increase Even as our days grow long !
My good friends , I ’ ll leave you till night .	My good friends , I ’ ll see you tomorrow .
What it is , my Caius , I shall unfold to thee as we are going To whom it must be done .	My dear Caius , I ’ ll explain the task at hand to you as we walk toward the man we must do it to .
Fortune , that arrant whore , Ne 'er turns the key to th ' poor .	Lady Luck is a fickle whore And never gives the poor a break .
We would so , and then go a-batfowling .	That ’ s right , and then after we fixed the moon , we ’ d go bird-hunting .
Sweet Prince , why speak not you ?	Good Prince , say something !
They are not near my conscience ; their defeat Does by their own insinuation grow .	Their defeat Grew by their own actions .
I say thy husband .	I ’ m telling you , your husband .
Look , whether he has not turned his colour , and has tears in 's eyes .	Look , where he has turned pale , and has tears in his eyes .
Take hence this jack and whip him .	Take away this lout and whip him .
I do , Mark Antony .	I do , Mark Antony .
When we are born , we cry that we are come To this great stage of fools .	When we ’ re born , we cry because we ’ ve arrived on the stage of life , like all the other fools .
Nay , if you stare , we shall hear more anon .	No , if you stare , we shall hear more soon .
can he vent Trinculos ?	Can he spit out Trinculos ?
Ay , madam , well , for I was bred and born Not three hours ' travel from this very place .	I was born and raised less than three hours from here .
I will do anything , Nerissa , ere I will be married to a sponge .	I will do anything , Nerissa , before I ’ ll be married to a sponge .
What do you mean by this haunting of me ?	What do you mean by this haunting of me ?
I durst , my lord , to wager she is honest , Lay down my soul at stake .	I dare , my lord , to bet that she is honest , Burn me at the stake .
Come you from old Bellario ?	Did old Bellario send you here ?
Edmund is dead , my lord .	Edmund is dead , my lord .
It is , my lord .	It is , my lord .
No , as I shall be saved .	No , as I shall be saved .
I ’ ll not fight with thee .	I won ’ t fight you .
Yet fortune cannot recompense me better Than to die well , and not my master ’ s debtor .	But fortune could not reward me better than to let me die well , without owing my master anything .
I will be strange , stout , in yellow stockings , and cross-gartered , even with the swiftness of putting on .	For her I ’ ll be strange and condescending , and I ’ ll put on my yellow stockings and crisscross laces right away .
I have a thing for you .	I ’ ve got something for you .
Lend me your hand .	Lend me your hand .
Come your ways .	Come on !
Did I , Charmian , Ever love Caesar so ?	Charmian , did I ever love Caesar as much as this ?
Fore heaven , they have given me a rouse already .	My God , they ’ ve given me a lot to drink .
Or else what follows ?	And what will happen if I don ’ t ?
Hence , make your best of it .	Do whatever you want with it .
You forget yourself To hedge me in .	You ’ re forgetting yourself when you back me into a corner .
The storm is up and all is on the hazard .	The storm has begun and everything is at stake .
Hamlet , this deed , for thine especial safety — Which we do tender as we dearly grieve For that which thou hast done — must send thee hence With fiery quickness .	Hamlet , for this deed , for your special safety , Which we do consider as we dearly grieve For what you ’ ve done , we must send you away With fiery quickness .
These fellows have some soul ,	Let me tell
A lady , sir , though it was said she much resembled me , was yet of many accounted beautiful .	Although many people said she looked like me , she was considered beautiful .
There thou shouldst be ; By this great clatter , one of the greatest note Seems bruited .	You must be over there .
An abominable monster !	An awful monster !
But yet — Which , of he or Adrian , for a good wager , first begins to crow ?	Which one will start yammering first , Gonzalo or Adrian ?
O braggart vile and damnèd furious wight , The grave doth gape , and doting death is near .	Your grave is gaping open , and your death is near .
Look how our partner ’ s rapt .	Look at Macbeth — he ’ s in a daze .
Enobarbus ?	That ’ s Enobarbus ?
Four nights will quickly dream away the time .	And since we dream at night , time passes quickly then .
I hear the minstrels play .	There go the minstrels .
For divers unknown reasons , I beseech you , Grant me this boon .	For various reasons that must remain secret , please do this for me .
So is my horse , Octavius , and for that I do appoint him store of provender .	So is my horse , Octavius , and for that reason I give him all the hay he wants .
Your case is better .	Your case is better .
What , my old worshipful old master ?	My honorable , reverend master ?
Here is a rural fellow That will not be denied your Highness ’ presence .	There ’ s a farmer here who won ’ t leave without seeing your Highness .
Ay , past all surgery .	Yes , beyond all cures .
Lady , shall I lie in your lap ?	Lady , shall I lie in your lap ?
Come , I ’ ll go in with you .	Come on , I ’ ll escort you to dinner .
Let ’ s to bed , knight .	Let ’ s go to bed , knight .
It shall be done , my lord .	I ’ ll do that , my lord .
This was the noblest Roman of them all .	This was the noblest Roman of them all .
When this advice is free I give and honest , Probal to thinking and indeed the course To win the Moor again ?	That ’ s really the best way to win the Moor back again .
I mean , she is the list of my voyage .	She ’ s the reason I ’ m here .
Keep your cabins .	Stay in your cabins .
By my knavery ( if I had it ) , then I were .	And I swear by my wickedness ( if I had any ) that I am a knave .
Nay , you must forget that .	No , you have to forget all that now .
Cursed be my tribe If I forgive him !	Cursed be my tribe of Israel If I forgive him !
True or false , it hath made thee Earl of Gloucester .	Right or not , it ’ s made you the Earl of Gloucester .
Forgive me this my virtue ; For in the fatness of these pursy times Virtue itself of vice must pardon beg Yea , curb and woo for leave to do him good .	Forgive me my truth , Because , in the fatness of these wealthy times Virtue itself must beg pardon of vice , Yes , beg and court for permission to do him good .
Room for Antony , most noble Antony .	Room for Antony ! — most noble Antony !
All disconsolate , With Pindarus his bondman on this hill .	On this hill and in despair , with his slave Pindarus .
We will .	We will .
He ’ s in Arthur ’ s bosom , if ever man went to Arthur ’ s bosom .	Bardolph , be happy . — Nym , rouse your bragging spirits . — Boy , be brave .
There is some grudge between ' em , ' tis not meet They be alone .	There is some grudge between them ; it ’ s not proper That they are alone .
No , dear Queen , For we intend so to dispose you as Yourself shall give us counsel .	No , dear Queen .
Oh , speak of that .	Tell me !
Into a thousand parts divide one man , And make imaginary puissance .	Divide each man into a thousand , and there you will have an imaginary army .
You amaze me .	This is amazing .
Well shone , Moon ! — Truly , the moon shines with a good grace .	Good shining , Moon ! — Really , the Moon shines very well .
And what ’ s her history ?	And what ’ s her story ?
For certain , sir , he is not .	He is definitely not there , sir .
Husband , let ’ s follow to see the end of this ado .	Let ’ s follow them to see how this turns out .
With what , i ' th ' name of God ?	From what , in God ’ s name ?
And I beseech you , Wrest once the law to your authority : To do a great right , do a little wrong ; And curb this cruel devil of his will .	And , I beg you , Twist the law once to your authority ; To do a great right , do a little wrong , And deprive this cruel devil of his will .
Where got 'st thou that goose look ?	Where did you get that cowardly look ?
You have prevailed .	You ’ re right — I ’ ll go quietly .
My lord , the roinish clown , at whom so oft Your Grace was wont to laugh , is also missing .	My lord , that dirty clown whom you laughed at so often is also missing .
I have led you oft ; carry me now , good friends , And have my thanks for all .	I have often led you , now you must carry me , my good friends — and take my thanks for everything .
Pray you Be ever known to patience .	I beg you to continue to be patient .
Now , where ’ s your master ?	Where ’ s your master ?
I might ask you for your commission , but I do take thee , Orlando , for my husband .	Maybe I should ask you what right you have to take me , but I ’ ll take you , Orlando , to be my husband .
Earth 's increase , foison plenty , Barns and garners never empty , Vines and clust 'ring bunches growing , Plants and goodly burden bowing ; Spring come to you at the farthest In the very end of harvest !	Earth 's increase , plenty of feasting , Barns and storage for game never empty ; Vines growing with clustering bunches of grapes ; Plants bowing with heavy loads of fruit ; Spring come to you as long as possible , Even to the very end of harvest !
Tis most true , And he beseeched me to entreat your Majesties To hear and see the matter .	It ’ s true , and he asked me to beg you both to attend .
Tell me .	Tell me .
Let him speak , my lord , Upon his peril , that I have reserved To myself nothing .	My lord , he will swear on his life that I haven ’ t kept a thing . — Tell the truth , Seleucus .
Macbeth shall never vanquished be until Great Birnam Wood to high Dunsinane Hill Shall come against him .	Macbeth will never be defeated until Birnam Wood marches to fight you at Dunsinane Hill .
I like the new tire within excellently , if the hair were a thought browner ; and your gown ’ s a most rare fashion , i ' faith .	I like your new wig and headdress , though I ’ d like it more if the hair were a shade browner .
I know thee well — a serviceable villain , As duteous to the vices of thy mistress As badness would desire .	You ’ re a hardworking villain who ’ d do anything his evil mistress wanted him to .
Each new morn New widows howl , new orphans cry , new sorrows Strike heaven on the face , that it resounds As if it felt with Scotland and yelled out Like syllable of dolor .	Each day new widows howl , new orphans cry , and new sorrows slap heaven in the face , until it sounds like heaven itself feels Scotland ’ s anguish and screams in pain .
Be not afraid .	Don ’ t be afraid .
Do not , Phoebe .	Do not , Phoebe .
What were these ?	What were those things ?
His beard was as white as snow , All flaxen was his poll .	His beard was as white as snow , All white was his hair .
His words were , Farewell mistress ; nothing else .	His words were , “ Goodbye , mistress , ” nothing else .
Master , go on , and I will follow thee To the last gasp , with truth and loyalty .	Go on , master , and I will follow you — with truth and loyalty to my last breath .
Wilt thou at Ninny 's tomb meet me straightway ?	Will you meet me straightway at Ninny 's tomb ?
Go fetch fire .	We ’ ll start a fire .
For I have neither wit nor words nor worth , Action nor utterance nor the power of speech , To stir men ’ s blood .	I have neither cleverness nor rhetorical skill nor the authority nor gesture nor eloquence nor the power of speech to stir men up .
If he should offer to choose , and choose the right casket , you should refuse to perform your father 's will , if you should refuse to accept him .	If he offers to choose , and chooses the right chest , you would be refusing to perform your father 's will , if you refused to accept him .
Ha , they pluck out mine eyes !	Ha , they pluck out my eyes !
Farewell , kind lord .	Farewell , kind lord .
O Lord , methought what pain it was to drown , What dreadful noise of waters in my ears , What sights of ugly death within my eyes .	Lord , how painful it was to drown .
Good Hermia , do not be so bitter with me .	Good Hermia , don ’ t be so angry with me .
How is 't , my noble lord ?	How are you , my noble lord ?
Still harping on my daughter .	Still harping on my daughter .
Hamlet return 'd shall know you are come home .	When Hamlet returns , he shall know you ’ re Home .
He will come straight .	You won ’ t kill me , will you ?
You must leave this .	You have to stop talking like this .
Come , my coach !	Come , my coach !
He was not sad , for he would shine on those That make their looks by his .	He wasn ’ t sad , because he knows that his disposition affects others .
Shall I deny you ?	Shall I deny you ?
Speak to me what thou art .	Tell what you are .
Good madam , let me see your face .	Madam , please let me see your face .
Am I not stayed for ?	Are the others waiting ?
Your friends are up and buckle on their armor .	Your friends are up and buckling on their armor .
I will not .	I will not .
Come away .	Let ’ s follow him .
To fetch her fan , her gloves , her mask , nor nothing ?	To fetch her fan , her gloves , her mask , or anything ?
Is that the chain you promised me today ?	Is that chain you ’ re wearing the one you promised to give to me ?
So sorrow 's heaviness doth heavier grow For debt that bankrupt sleep doth sorrow owe ; Which now in some slight measure it will pay , If for his tender here I make some stay .	So sorrow 's heaviness does heavier grow Because my sleep has been interrupted .
If a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies , he shall live no longer in monument than the bell rings and the widow weeps .	In this day and age , if a man doesn ’ t erect his own monument before he dies , he won ’ t be remembered past the funeral bell ’ s ringing and his widow ’ s crying .
None but the fool , who labors to outjest His heart-struck injuries .	Nobody but the fool , who ’ s trying to soothe the wounds in the king ’ s heart with jokes .
Please you , farther .	Please , go on .
Did these bones cost no more the breeding , but to play at loggets with ' em ?	Did these bones cost no more the making of them but to play at games with them ?
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
For ever , and for ever , farewell , Cassius !	Forever , and forever , goodbye , Cassius !
Therefore no marvel though Demetrius Do , as a monster , fly my presence thus .	So it ’ s no surprise that Demetrius runs away from me as if I were a monster .
Forgot you !	Forgotten you !
Thou dost talk nothing to me .	You ’ re absolutely right , your highness .
Seek , seek for him , Lest his ungoverned rage dissolve the life That wants the means to lead it .	Go find those herbs for him , before his madness puts his life in danger .
Ay , and he ’ ll tame her .	Yeah , and he ’ s going to tame her .
I overheard him and his practices .	I overheard him and his plans .
And look to have it yielded with all kindness .	You ’ ll find I ’ ll give it to you very willingly .
O most lame and impotent conclusion !	O very lame and powerless conclusion !
I am their mother .	I am their mother .
This is the foul fiend Flibbertigibbet .	This is the devil Flibbertigibbet .
One of these three contains her heavenly picture .	One of these three chests contains her heavenly picture .
Take up the sword again , or take up me .	Take up the sword again , or take me up .
What , To kiss in private ?	What , just because they kissed in private ?
You thief of love !	You thief of love !
There was never counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion as she discovers it .	No one has ever faked passion as skillfully as this , then .
If I can catch him once upon the hip , I will feed fat the ancient grudge I bear him .	If I can catch him once at a disadvantage , I ’ ll feed the ancient grudge I bear him until it ’ s fat .
And yet it is almost against my conscience .	And yet it is almost against my conscience .
If it be love indeed , tell me how much .	If what you feel is really love , tell me how much .
And he that will not follow Bourbon now , Let him go hence , and with his cap in hand Like a base pander hold the chamber door , Whilst by a slave , no gentler than my dog , His fairest daughter is contaminate .	He who will not follow me now , let him depart and stand in the doorway like a pimp , cap in hand , while some slave , no nobler than my dog , violates his daughter .
Shall I have the thought To think on this , and shall I lack the thought That such a thing bechanced would make me sad ?	Who wouldn ’ t get sad thinking about things like that ?
Well , forward , forward !	Well , onward , then .
I do so , I confess it .	It ’ s true , I confess .
I am the man .	I ’ m the man she wants .
This is the fruit of whoring .	This is the fruit of whoring .
He grew unto his seat , And to such wondrous doing brought his horse As had he been incorpsed and demi-natured With the brave beast .	He grew into his seat , And had his horse do such wonderful things , As if he had been absorbed into the horse ’ s body With the brave beast .
By and by .	I ’ ll drink later .
If thou didst ever hold me in thy heart , Absent thee from felicity awhile , And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain , To tell my story .	If you ever did hold me in your heart , Stay away from happy things for a while , And , in this harsh world , draw your breath in pain To tell my story .
The violet smells to him as it doth to me .	The violet smells to him the same as it does to me .
Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	Could you really do such a thing , for all the world ?
Well , gaoler , on : — Pray God , Bassanio come To see me pay his debt , and then I care not !	Well , jailer , let ’ s go on ; I pray good Bassanio comes To see me pay his debt , and then I won ’ t care .
It would make a man mad as a buck to be so bought and sold .	It would make any man as mad as a bull to be betrayed like this .
My lord , it shall be done .	My lord , it shall is done .
That hath made him mad .	That has made him crazy .
Tis double wrong to truant with your bed And let her read it in thy looks at board .	It ’ s doubly wrong to cheat on your wife and then let her see the offense in your eyes .
O Regan , she hath tied Sharp-toothed unkindness , like a vulture , here .	Oh , Regan , she ’ s torn me apart with unkindness , like a vulture , right here .
No , no !	No , no !
But it is no matter .	But it doesn ’ t matter .
How long hath she been thus ?	How long has she been like this ?
Nay , but Beatrice — Sweet Hero , she is wronged , she is slandered , she is undone .	No , but Beatrice — Sweet Hero , she ’ s been wronged , she ’ s been slandered , she ’ s been ruined .
Ophelia , walk you here .	Ophelia , come here . — I hear him coming .
Hark , hark !	It ’ s disgraceful !
Alas , good Kate , I will not burden thee , For knowing thee to be but young and light — Too light for such a swain as you to catch , And yet as heavy as my weight should be .	I know how Too light for a lout like you to catch — though no lighter than I should be .
Take this from this , if this be otherwise .	Take this from this , if this isn ’ t the case now .
The ides of March are come .	The Ides of March are here .
lord !	lord !
Well , officer , arrest him at my suit .	I will .
Here comes the count .	Here comes the Duke now .
What sense had I in her stol 'n hours of lust ?	I had no idea she was cheating on me .
Is she not apt ?	She picks it up quick , doesn ’ t she ?
But , Othello , speak .	Tell us , Othello .
Freedom , high-day , freedom !	Freedom , high-day , freedom !
A golden mind stoops not to shows of dross .	A golden mind doesn ’ t bend down to choose something worthless .
Nay , you were a fragment Of Gneius Pompey ’ s , besides what hotter hours , Unregistered in vulgar fame , you have Luxuriously picked out .	No , you were one of Gneius Pompey ’ s leftovers — not to mention your other , more depraved affairs , which have somehow managed to avoid becoming the subject of vulgar gossip .
Say our pleasure , To such whose place is under us , requires Our quick remove from hence .	There are many troubles brewing now that have yet to become full-fledged threats .
How now ?	Why are you talking like that ?
O , yet defend me , friends !	O , still defend me , friends !
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
away !	Away !
Why , farewell , Portia .	Well , good-bye , Portia .
Beware the ides of March .	Beware of March 15th .
Caliban drinks &ket; Amen !	Amen !
Then ’ tis most like The sovereignty will fall upon Macbeth .	Then it looks like Macbeth will become king .
And of the heat of the ginger .	And hot as ginger .
Trinculo , run into no further danger .	Trinculo , watch out .
My lord , we were sent for .	My lord , we were sent for .
Alas , poor Yorick !	Alas , poor Yorick !
It is backed like a weasel .	It is shaped like a weasel .
Was never widow had so dear a loss .	There has never been a widow who suffered such loss as me .
But what of Cicero ?	But what about Cicero ?
There are yet missing of your company Some few odd lads that you remember not .	There are still some few odd lads Missing from your company that you forget .
Stay till I have read the letter .	Wait until I read the letter .
This grisly beast , which Lion hight by name , The trusty Thisbe , coming first by night , Did scare away , or rather did affright ; And as she fled , her mantle she did fall ; Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain .	This grisly beast , which known by name Lion , Scared away or rather frightened the trusty Thisbe , Coming first to the place by night ; And as she fled , she dropped her shawl , Which vile Lion stained with his bloody mouth .
Come , sweet Audrey .	Come , sweet Audrey .
To bed , to bed .	To bed , to bed !
Good sentences , and well pronounced .	Good point , and well said .
An unauthorized kiss .	An unauthorized kiss .
He ’ s gone , but his wife ’ s killed .	He ’ s gone , and his wife ’ s dead .
Are you so hasty now ?	You ’ re in a hurry , are you ?
Come , go in .	Come on , let ’ s go inside .
And yet she ’ ll kneel and pray , I have seen her do ’ t .	I ’ ve seen her do it .
My wits begin to turn . — Come on , my boy .	I ’ m starting to lose my mind .
Retire !	Retreat !
Let husbands know Their wives have sense like them .	Husbands need to know that their wives are human beings too .
that claims marriage of me , i could find in my heart to stay here still , and turn witch .	that mountain of insanity that wants to marry me , I could find it in my heart to stay here and become a witch myself .
Let us to the field .	Let ’ s proceed to the field .
I think it well , my lord .	I think you ’ re right , sir .
That will be ere the set of sun .	That will happen before sunset .
Where is he ?	Where is this man ?
My love is thine to teach .	I am at your service .
Be not you ashamed to show , he ’ ll not shame to tell you what it means .	As long as you aren ’ t ashamed to show it , he won ’ t be ashamed to tell you what it means .
Carried to Colmekill , The sacred storehouse of his predecessors , And guardian of their bones .	It was carried to Colmekill to be placed in the tomb of his ancestors , where their bones are kept safe .
Do not think it so unwholesome .	I ’ m not that stupid .
My ships come home a month before the day .	My ships will come home a month before the money is due .
It is Brabantio . — General , be advised ; He comes to bad intent .	General , be careful ; He comes with bad intentions .
Well , Jove , not I , is the doer of this , and he is to be thanked .	Well , God is responsible for that , not me , and he deserves thanks .
The Count is neither sad , nor sick , nor merry , nor well , but civil count , civil as an orange , and something of that jealous complexion .	The count is neither sad nor sick nor cheerful nor well — he ’ s just civil , as Seville as an orange , with the same jealous-yellow complexion .
Our fears in Banquo Stick deep , and in his royalty of nature Reigns that which would be fear 'd .	Our fears of Banquo Stick deep , and there ’ s a lot to be afraid of in the royalty of his nature .
No man that ’ s born of woman Shall e 'er have power upon thee . ” Then fly , false thanes , And mingle with the English epicures .	No man born from a woman will ever defeat you . ” So get out of here , disloyal thanes , and join the weak and decadent English !
Why , our battalia trebles that account .	Why , our troops amount to three times that .
His father was called Philip of Macedon , as I take it .	His father was Philip of Macedon , as I remember .
No , Cassio is not killed .	No , Cassio wasn ’ t killed .
But did ’ st thou see them dead ?	But did you see them dead ?
Is that the naked fellow ?	Is that the naked guy ?
I could well forbear ’ t .	I could do without another toast .
A man that had a wife with such a wit , he might say “ Wit , whither wilt ? ” Nay , you might keep that check for it , till you met your wife ’ s wit going to your neighbor ’ s bed .	A man with a wife like that might ask , “ Hey , wandering wit , where are you off to ? ” Nah , better save the questions for when you find her in your neighbor ’ s bed .
I have within my mind A thousand raw tricks of these bragging jacks Which I will practice .	I know a thousand immature tricks like that , and I ’ ll use them all .
You shall not stir out of your house today .	You ’ re not leaving the house today .
Ready .	Ready .
In the great hand of God I stand , and thence Against the undivulged pretense I fight Of treasonous malice .	I ’ m putting myself in God ’ s hands , and with his help I plan to fight against the secret plot that caused this treasonous murder .
And for thy life let justice be accus 'd .	And , for your life , let justice be blamed .
Front to front Bring thou this fiend of Scotland and myself .	Bring me face to face with Macbeth , that devil of Scotland .
O , the heavens !	O , the heavens !
She gave it him , and he hath given it his whore .	She gave it to him , and he gave it to his whore .
We 'll e 'en to 't like French falconers , fly at any thing we see .	We 'll act up like French falconers : fly at anything we see .
No , he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in Athens .	He ’ s quite simply the smartest working-man in Athens .
Sconce ” call you it ?	You call it my “ Don ’ t you know ?
Here he comes , and the Scots captain , Captain Jamy , with him .	Here he comes with Captain Jamy , the Scots captain .
A good moral , my lord : it is not enough to speak , but to speak true .	The moral of this story is that it ’ s not enough to speak ; you have to speak grammatically .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Soft !	Wait a minute .
Come , sisters , cheer we up his sprites , And show the best of our delights .	Come , sisters , let ’ s cheer him up and show him our talents .
Will ’ t please you taste of what is here ?	Would you like to taste the banquet ?
What , so brief ?	That ’ s it ?
Therefore , since brevity is the soul of wit And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes , I will be brief : your noble son is mad .	Your son is crazy .
I would not spare my brother in this case If he should scorn me so apparently .	I would have my own brother arrested if he treated me so terribly .
Our dinner done and he not coming thither , I went to seek him .	He hadn ’ t arrived by the time we finished eating , so I went out looking for him .
At my lodging .	At my lodging .
Look , here I have you .	See , now I have you .
You could never do him so ill-well unless you were the very man .	You could only imitate his imperfections so well if you were the man himself .
Beshrew me but I love her heartily .	God , I ’ m crazy about her .
But are my brother ’ s powers set forth ?	Have my brother-in-law ’ s troops been mobilized ?
You should for that have reprehended him .	You should have reprimanded him for that .
The man i 'th ’ moon ?	The Man in the Moon !
On what occasion God He knows , not I , The queen your mother and your brother York Have taken sanctuary .	God knows why , but your mother and your brother have taken sanctuary in Westminster Abbey .
Rebels it at these years ?	No !
My advocation is not now in tune ; My lord is not my lord , nor should I know him Were he in favor as in humor alter 'd .	My pleading is out of tune right now ; My lord is not my lord ; and I wouldn ’ t know him If he were he in favor as changed in disposition .
Stay !	Stay !
O excellent young man !	Oh , excellent young man !
If any , speak , for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , because I have offended him .
These things seem small and undistinguishable , Like far-off mountains turned into clouds .	These things seem small and murky , Like far-off mountain tops turned into clouds .
Up and down , up and down , I will lead them up and down .	Up and down , up and down ; I will lead them up and down .
Will you hear ’ t again ?	Do you want to hear it again ?
What ’ s her name ?	What ’ s her name ?
Taurus !	Taurus !
Approach , Sir Andrew .	Come on , Sir Andrew .
Stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm , And I did scorn it and disdain to fly .	Stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him , and I laughed and refused to flee with him .
Death of thy soul !	Death of your soul !
I mean , sir , for his weapon ; but in the imputation laid on him by them , in his meed he 's unfellowed .	I mean , sir , for his weapon , but in the imputation laid on him by them , in his skill , he has no equal .
Is he not here ?	Isn ’ t he here ?
Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it ; he died As one that had been studied in his death , To throw away the dearest thing he owed As ’ twere a careless trifle .	Nothing he did in his life Became him so much like the leaving it ; he died As someone one who had studied his own death , To throw away the dearest thing he owned As it were a careless trifle .
What Adam dost thou mean ?	Who ’ s this Adam you speak of ?
Before God , and in my mind , very wise .	And I swear to God he ’ s very smart .
Ratcliffe , my lord , ’ tis I.	Ratcliffe , my lord , it ’ s me .
And I am such a tender ass , if my hair do but tickle me , I must scratch .	And I ’ m such a sensitive ass that if my hair even tickles me a little , I need to scratch .
Who could refrain , That had a heart to love , and in that heart Courage to make ’ s love known ?	Who could have restrained himself , who loved Duncan and had the courage to act on it ?
Get thee to a nunnery .	Get yourself to a
There was , for a while , no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question .	There was , for a while , no money paid for debate unless the poet and the player fought over the question .
If he do resist , Subdue him at his peril !	If he struggles , use force !
That now Sweno , the Norways ’ king , craves composition ; Nor would we deign him burial of his men Till he disbursed , at Saint Colme 's Inch , Ten thousand dollars to our general use .	Then Sweno , Norwegian king , wanted a treaty ; We would not agree to the burial of his men Until he paid us , at Saint Colme 's island , Ten thousand dollars to our general use .
He faints ! — My lord , my lord !	And my poor He ’ s fainted . — My lord , my lord !
Marry , and did .	Certainly , I did .
I never got him . — Hark , the duke ’ s trumpets .	The duke ’ s trumpets .
Have you not read , Roderigo , Of some such thing ?	Have you ever heard of anything like that , Roderigo ?
If thou kill ’ st me , boy , thou shalt kill a man .	Take on someone your own size : if you kill me , boy , you ’ ll have killed a man .
Teach me , dear creature , how to think and speak .	Teach me how I should think and speak .
Rescue , my lord of Norfolk , rescue , rescue !	Help , my lord of Norfolk , help , help !
Such unconstant starts are we like to have from him as this of Kent ’ s banishment .	We ’ ll probably witness many more outbursts from him , like banishing Kent .
I thought that all things had been savage here , And therefore put I on the countenance Of stern commandment .	I thought everything out here was wild , which is why I acted so stern and commanding .
Adieu .	Good-bye .
Caesar , ’ tis strucken eight .	Caesar , the clock has struck eight .
Thou hast braved many men ; brave not me .	You have bested many things , well don ’ t try and best me .
Do not for ever with thy vailed lids Seek for thy noble father in the dust .	Don ’ t look for your noble father on the ground Forever with sad eyes .
Apollo plays , And twenty cagèd nightingales do sing : Or wilt thou sleep ?	Do you want to sleep ?
Come on , come on .	Come on , come on .
For , by my fay , I cannot reason .	for , by my faith , I cannot reason .
Think yourself a baby That you have ta 'en these tenders for true pay , Which are not sterling .	Believe that you are a foolish little baby for believing these “ offers ” are something real .
While one with moderate haste might tell a hundred .	About as long as it would take someone to count slowly to a hundred .
What , not a word ?	What , not a word ?
Lives he , good uncle ?	Is he still alive , good uncle ?
What , not one hit ?	Not even one success ?
Tell me why .	Tell me why you did it .
There sleeps Titania sometime of the night , Lulled in these flowers with dances and delight .	Titania sleeps there sometimes at night , lulled to sleep among the flowers by dances and other delights .
Is thy name Tyrrel ?	Are you Tyrrel ?
News , my good lord , from Rome .	I have news from Rome , my good lord .
My lord , that would dishonour him .	My lord , that would dishonor him .
My lord is often thus And hath been from his youth .	My husband is often like this , and he has been since he was a child .
No , it is struck .	No , the clock has already struck twelve .
Dost thou prate , rogue ?	Are you talking , you villain ?
Tis time that I were gone .	It ’ s time for me to go .
With her , on her , what you will .	With her , on top of her — however you want to say it .
Come hither , knight .	Come here , Sir Andrew .
The images of revolt and flying off .	This is rebellion .
I left no ring with her .	I didn ’ t give her any ring .
Ah , let be , let be !	Ah , leave it alone .
Let not thy mother lose her prayers , Hamlet .	Don ’ t let my prayers go unanswered , Hamlet .
The third o ’ th ’ world is yours , which with a snaffle You may pace easy , but not such a wife .	It ’ s easier to rule a third of the world than a wife like that .
No , unpin me here .	No , unpin my hair .
I did so , and take heed on ’ t , Make it a darling like your precious eye .	I did .
Nine or ten times I had thought to have yerk 'd him here under the ribs .	Nine or ten times I had thought to have stabbed him here under the ribs .
Happy is Hermia , wheresoe 'er she lies , For she hath blessèd and attractive eyes .	Hermia is lucky , wherever she is , because she has beautiful eyes .
He sings at grave- making .	There ’ s another .
Give me thy arm .	Give me your arm .
Tomorrow or next day they will be here .	They ’ ll be here tomorrow or the next day .
Take your time .	Take your time .
He is sure possessed , madam .	He must be possessed by the devil .
Tomorrow , Before the sun shall see ’ s , we ’ ll spill the blood That has today escaped .	Before sunrise tomorrow , we ’ ll kill anyone who escaped today .
O , say !	O , tell me !
Knock Knock Knock , knock , knock !	Knock , knock , knock !
I am your wife if you will marry me .	I ’ ll be your wife if you ’ ll have me .
What needs this iteration , woman ?	Why do you repeat it , woman ?
I think that thou art just and think thou art not .	I think you ’ re trustworthy one minute and then not the next .
Do but now promise , Kate , you will endeavor for your French part of such a boy ; and for my English moiety take the word of a king and a bachelor .	Do promise , Kate , that you ’ ll do your French part to bring forth such a boy ; and for my English half , take the word of a king and a bachelor .
Tis true my brother 's daughter 's Queen of Tunis ; So is she heir of Naples ; ’ twixt which regions There is some space .	It ’ s true , my brother 's daughter is Queen of Tunis ; She also inherits Naples ; there is some distance Between the two countries .
But in my terms of honour I stand aloof , and will no reconcilement Till by some elder masters of known honour I have a voice and precedent of peace To keep my name ungor 'd .	But in my terms of honor I hold back , and will make no reconciliation Until , by some elder masters of known honor , I have a voice and precedent of peace To keep my name unbloody .
That you have wronged me doth appear in this : You have condemned and noted Lucius Pella For taking bribes here of the Sardians , Wherein my letters , praying on his side Because I knew the man , were slighted off .	My evidence that you have wronged me is that you condemned and disgraced Lucius Pella for taking bribes here from the Sardinians , and you ignored my letters , where I argued that he was innocent ; I know the man .
Foul shame upon you , you have all moved mine .	Shame on you ; I ’ ve already run out of patience with you all .
Be of good cheer .	Be content .
Even now a tailor called me in his shop And showed me silks that he had bought for me , And therewithal took measure of my body .	Just now a tailor showed me fabrics he bought especially for me and then started to take my measurements .
He hath confess 'd .	He has confessed .
My countrymen — Peace , silence !	My countrymen — Silence !
How is ’ t ?	How do you feel ?
All these are portable , With other graces weigh 'd .	All these are bearable , When weighed against other graces .
Honest Iago , that look 'st dead with grieving , Speak , who began this ?	Honest Iago , looking dead with grieving , Speak , who began this ?
Scratch my head , Peaseblossom .	Scratch my head , Peaseblossom .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
Thou told ’ st me they were stol 'n unto this wood .	You told me they escaped into this forest .
Their names are pricked .	Their names are marked .
Your castle is surprised , your wife and babes Savagely slaughtered .	Your wife and children were savagely slaughtered .
Is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble ?	Is this your good friend who ’ s in so much trouble ?
What do you think Of marching to Philippi presently ?	What do you think Of marching to Philippi now ?
A greater gift ?	A greater gift ?
Let me lick thy shoe .	Let me lick your shoe .
Her vine , the merry cheerer of the heart , Unprunèd , dies .	Her grapes , which make the wine that cheers our hearts , die unpruned on the vines .
Madam , I have a touch of your condition , Which cannot brook the accent of reproof .	Madam , I ’ m a bit like you in that I can ’ t tolerate a tone of disapproval .
Do you know me , Father ?	Don ’ t you recognize me , father ?
How say you , Signior Gremio ?	What do you say , Signior Gremio ?
He meant he did me none ; the more my spite .	He meant he did nothing right for me — which is true , unfortunately .
Therefore this project Should have a back or second , that might hold If this did blast in proof .	Therefore this project should have a plan B or C , that might hold if this first one failed .
My daughter tells us all .	My daughter told me everything .
List his discourse of war , and you shall hear A fearful battle rendered you in music .	Listen to him talk about war , and you ’ ll hear elegant and thrilling accounts of the battles .
Come , sit down , every mother ’ s son , and rehearse your parts . — Pyramus , you begin .	Now sit down , everybody , and rehearse your parts — Pyramus , you start .
You are resolute , then ?	You ’ ve made up your mind , then ?
Ratcliffe , come hither .	Ratcliffe , come here .
By my troth , well met .	It really is good to see you .
For your life you durst not .	For your life , you wouldn ’ t have dared .
Marry , once before he won it of me with false dice .	Really , he won it from me once before in a dishonest game of dice .
And I mine .	Me too .
Such men as he be never at heart 's ease Whiles they behold a greater than themselves , And therefore are they very dangerous .	Such men as he is are never at ease in their hearts When they see a man greater than themselves ; And for that reason they are very dangerous .
Thou wilt not murder me ?	You wilt not murder me ?
Speak not so grossly . — You are all amazed .	Don ’ t be crass . — You all look confused .
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Come , boy .	Come on , boy .
You look angerly .	You look angry .
Nor I ; my spirits are nimble .	Me either : I ’ m wide awake .
Woo ’ t tear thyself ?	Cut yourself ?
Your old smock brings forth a new petticoat , and indeed the tears live in an onion that should water this sorrow .	The only kind of tears you should shed in this case are the kind you might get from holding an onion to your nose .
O , sir , upon her nose , all o 'er-embellished with rubies , carbuncles , sapphires , declining their rich aspect to the hot breath of Spain , who sent whole armadas of caracks to be ballast at her nose .	Oh , sir , on her nose , which is covered with pimples , sores , and red welts .
Do we trouble you ?	Are we bothering you ?
You peasant swain !	You unwashed farmworker !
I should have known no less .	I should have known it .
In this slumbery agitation , besides her walking and other actual performances , what , at any time , have you heard her say ?	When she is like this , besides walking and performing various activities , have you heard her say anything ?
Sent he to Macduff ?	Did he tell Macduff to return to Scotland ?
Ariel sings in Gonzalo 's ear &ket; &bra; Ariel sings in Gonzalo 's ear &ket; While you here do snoring lie , Open-eyed conspiracy His time doth take .	While you lie here snoring , Open-eyed Plotting Takes his time .
Here comes the lady ; let her witness it .	Here comes the lady ; let her verify it .
If I think so , I think the same of you .	If that ’ s true , I think the same thing about you .
I am paid for ’ t now .	I ’ m being repaid for that now .
I pray you , is my master yet return 'd ?	Please , is my master returned yet ?
Pardon me .	Forgive me .
The juice of it on sleeping eye-lids laid Will make or man or woman madly dote Upon the next live creature that it sees .	Putting the juice of it on sleeping eyelids Will make or man or woman madly fall in love With the next live creature that it sees .
Now , good Metellus , go along by him .	Good Metellus , go to him now .
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar , And in the spirit of men there is no blood .	We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar , And , in the spirit of men , there is no blood .
Well , we shall sift him . — Welcome , my good friends !	Welcome , my good friends .
For this night , to bed , and dream on the event .	Meanwhile , let ’ s go to bed and dream about this .
When holy and devout religious men Are at their beads , ’ tis much to draw them thence , So sweet is zealous contemplation .	When devoutly religious men are praying , it ’ s hard to draw them out of it , because they get lost in the wonder of their contemplation .
Were we before our armies , and to fight , I should do thus .	If we were in front of our armies , about to fight , I would do this .
Sweet Bassanio , my ships have all miscarried .	Dear Bassanio , my ships have all been wrecked .
What should he be ?	Who are you talking about ?
Be it as you shall privately determine , Either for her stay or going .	You can decide that privately .
Now , herald , are the dead numbered ?	Now , herald , have the dead been counted ?
What , shall I find you here ?	What , shall I find you here ?
I have no wife .	I have no wife .
What canst thou swear by now ?	What can you swear by now ?
I will be flesh and blood , For there was never yet philosopher That could endure the toothache patiently , However they have writ the style of gods And made a push at chance and sufferance .	I intend to be flesh and blood , not airy philosophy , for there has never yet been a philosopher who could endure a toothache patiently , even though they all write as if they had risen above human suffering and misfortune .
Base is the slave that pays .	Paying debts is for peasants .
Hear , Nature , hear , dear goddess , hear !	Ah , dear Nature , my goddess , listen to me !
They are so still , Or thou , the greatest soldier of the world , Art turned the greatest liar .	My features are still that beautiful — or else you , the greatest soldier in the world , have become the greatest liar by overpraising them .
O , yes , my lord , but very idle words .	Oh yes , you spoke , my lord , but total nonsense .
Another hit .	Another hit .
Fate , show thy force .	Fate , do your work .
Ay , if the devil tempt you to do good .	Yes , if the devil tempts you to do good .
I must believe my master ; else , I promise you , I should be arguing still upon that doubt .	There ’ s no need to be , really , for — You ’ re my teacher , so I must believe you .
What will hap more tonight , safe ’ scape the king !	Whatever else happens tonight , I hope the king escapes safely !
How wilt thou do for a father ?	How will you do for a father ?
Have you sent to Bottom ’ s house ?	Have you sent anyone to Bottom ’ s house ?
The British powers are marching hitherward .	The British forces are on their way here .
If not , I 'll die your maid : to be your fellow You may deny me , but I 'll be your servant Whether you will or no .	You may deny me To be your friend ; but I 'll be your servant , Whether you will want me or not .
That is he .	That ’ s the one .
Prithee , do not turn me about ; my stomach is not constant .	Please , don ’ t turn me around so much : my stomach is upset .
Henceforth I ’ ll bear Affliction till it do cry out itself , “ Enough , enough , ” and die .	From now on I ’ ll put up with my anguish until the anguish itself cries out , “ Enough , enough ! ” and disappears .
Nay , that you shall not .	No , you shall not .
But no metal can — No , not the hangman ’ s axe — bear half the keenness Of thy sharp envy .	No metal — not even the executioner ’ s axe — could ever be half as sharp as your hatred .
He is a proper man ’ s picture , but alas , who can converse with a dumb show ?	He ’ s great-looking , but how can you talk to someone who doesn ’ t speak your language ?
But Macbeth is .	But Macbeth is .
Mark him .	Watch him .
Now are we well prepared to know the pleasure Of our fair cousin Dauphin , for we hear Your greeting is from him , not from the king .	I ’ m ready now to hear what my good cousin the Dauphin has to say — for I hear that the greeting you bear is from him , not the king .
Give me the gown .	Give me the gown .
Let him that loves me strike me dead .	Whoever ’ s a real friend should strike me dead .
He goes forth gallantly .	He goes forth to war bravely .
How now , Lord Stanley , what ’ s the news ?	What ’ s the news with you ?
And I do hope good days and long to see .	I hope to see good days — and many of them .
She for an Edward weeps , and so do I ; I for a Clarence weep ; so doth not she .	She weeps for Edward and so do I , while she does not weep for Clarence , though I do .
Petruchio , patience .	I ’ m warning you .
Fool , of thyself speak well .	Fool , speak well of yourself .
There is no vice so simple , but assumes Some mark of virtue on his outward parts .	There is no vice so simple that it takes on Some mark of virtue on outside .
Sir , Mark Antony Will e ’ en but kiss Octavia , and we ’ ll follow .	Sir , we ’ ll follow as soon as Mark Antony kisses Octavia good-bye .
You must note beside , That we have tried the utmost of our friends , Our legions are brim-full , our cause is ripe .	Our regiments are full to the brim ; our cause is ready .
Fair lovers , you are fortunately met ; Of this discourse we more will hear anon .	Fair lovers , it ’ s good that we found you here .
Twas where you wooed the gentlewoman so well .	It was the play in which you wooed the gentlewoman so successfully .
But this is most falliable , the worm ’ s an odd worm .	But this is a sure thing : the snake ’ s an odd snake .
Very well .	Very well .
Twill endure wind and weather .	Wind and rain can ’ t wash it off .
But if you have a stomach , to ’ t , i ' God ’ s name : You shall have me assisting you in all .	But if you have the stomach for it , you ’ ll have all the help from me you need .
Kent banished thus ?	Kent ’ s been banished just like that ?
Who are they ?	Who said that ?
Ay , madam .	Yes , ma 'am .
Here , thou incestuous , murderous , damnèd Dane , Drink off this potion .	Here , you goddamn incest-breeding Danish murderer , drink this .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
My lord , we will not .	We won ’ t , sir .
Another way I have to man my haggard , To make her come and know her keeper ’ s call .	I have another plan to make my bird come to me and recognize her owner ’ s call is to keep her from sleeping —
To this chair bind him . — Villain , thou shalt find — By the kind gods , ’ tis most ignobly done To pluck me by the beard .	Tie him to this chair . — You ’ ll see , criminal — By the gods , it ’ s disgraceful for you to pull my beard .
I had myself notice of my brother ’ s purpose herein and have by underhand means labored to dissuade him from it ; but he is resolute .	I ’ d heard about my brother ’ s plan and have been subtly trying to change his mind , but he ’ s determined .
Of thirty sail .	Thirty ships .
We ’ ll leave you , Brutus .	We ’ ll leave , Brutus .
Is not this Stephano , my drunken butler ?	Isn ’ t this Stephano , my drunken butler ?
Experience , manhood , honor , ne ’ er before Did violate so itself .	Terrible .
But wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens ?	But why did you tempt the sky like that ?
Is there any man has rebused your Worship ?	Has anyone offended your Worship ?
Well , sir , I thank you .	Well , thank you .
what ?	what ?
I am afraid He will chastise me .	I ’ m afraid He will beat me .
But I beseech your Grace pardon me .	But please , forgive me , your highness .
I will depart in quiet And , in despite of mirth , mean to be merry .	And even though I ’ m in a distasteful mood , I ’ ll work on being happy .
Art thou of Cornish crew ?	Are you with a Cornish company ?
Not so , sir , neither ; I know my duty .	Not so , sir , neither ; I know my duty .
You are welcome .	You are welcome .
Unequal match 'd , Pyrrhus at Priam drives , in rage strikes wide ; But with the whiff and wind of his fell sword The unnerved father falls .	Not matched equally , Pyrrhus lunges at Priam , strikes wild in rage , But , with the whiff and wind of his fierce sword , The shaken father falls .
Ay , ay .	Yes , yes !
Good name in man and woman , dear my lord , Is the immediate jewel of their souls .	A good reputation is the most valuable thing we have — men and women alike .
But I know none , and therefore am no beast .	If I know nothing about pity , that must mean I ’ m not an animal .
And I another .	And I will give you some more .
O Hamlet , what a falling off was there !	O Hamlet , what a falling-off there was in our marriage !
My lord , I will not .	My lord , I won ’ t .
Not yet quite dead ?	Aren ’ t you dead yet ?
A foe to tyrants , and my country ’ s friend .	An enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country .
Not I , my lord .	I didn ’ t , my lord .
There 's not a nobler man in Rome than Antony .	here 's not a nobler man in Rome than Antony .
Well then , confess and live .	All right then , confess and live .
Is ’ t possible , friend Litio , that mistress Bianca Doth fancy any other but Lucentio ?	It would be much appreciated .
Did you assay him To any pastime ?	Did you try to get him To engage in any pastime ?
Why , that the Moor first gave to Desdemona , That which so often you did bid me steal .	The one the Moor gave to Desdemona , which you asked me to steal so many times .
All which the Moor is defective in .	Othello isn ’ t any of those things .
I answer you ?	Pay you ?
Nay , I beseech you , sir , be not out with me .	Sir , please , don ’ t be angry .
I have had a dream , past the wit of man to say what dream it was .	I have had a dream — it ’ s beyond the smartest man to say what kind of dream it was . — Man is only a donkey if he goes about to telling this dream .
Tell me .	Tell me .
For many miles about There ’ s scarce a bush .	There ’ s hardly a bush for miles around .
Thou dost thy office fairly .	You do your job well .
Not today , O Lord , Oh , not today , think not upon the fault My father made in compassing the crown .	And just for today , Oh , Lord , just today don ’ t think of the crime my father committed in seizing the crown !
Fair lovers , you are fortunately met .	You pretty lovers are lucky you met me here .
And what have I to give you back whose worth May counterpoise this rich and precious gift ?	And what should I give you that would be equal in value to this rare and precious gift ?
A piece of ice .	A piece of ice .
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious , And sure he is an honorable man .	Yet Brutus says he was ambitious ; And , sure , he ’ s an honorable man .
Tis not a time for private stomaching .	This is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances .
How doth the prince ?	How ’ s the prince ?
It were a better death than die with mocks , Which is as bad as die with tickling .	It would be better to die that way than to die from being mocked , which is as bad as being killed by tickling .
You cannot , if my heart were in your hand ; Nor shall not , whilst ' tis in my custody .	You cannot , unless my heart were in your hand , And that won ’ t happen while it is in my custody .
You shall not choose but drink before you go .	You must not go without having a drink first .
I thank you , sir .	Thank you , sir .
And I ’ ll sleep .	And I ’ m going to sleep .
Go make you ready .	Go get ready .
What devil was 't That thus hath cozen 'd you at hoodman-blind ?	What devil Was it that trick you like this with a blindfold ?
Look behind you , my lord .	Look behind you , my lord .
What ho , Horatio !	Well , hello there , Horatio !
Stand !	Halt !
Whate 'er thou art , for thy good caution , thanks .	Whatever you are , thanks for your advice .
Fie , sir , fie !	Shush , sir , please !
Give me your hand , And let me all your fortunes understand .	Give me your hand , and explain your situation to me .
Moon-calf , speak once in thy life , if thou beest a good moon-calf .	Dreamer , speak once in your life , if you are a good dreamer .
Ay , sir ; there are a crew of wretched souls That stay his cure .	Yes , sir .
This feather stirs .	This feather moved because of her breath .
I 'll be with thee betimes .	I 'll be with you soon .
O dolt !	O idiot !
Bid him set on his powers betimes before , And we will follow .	Order him to advance his forces first thing , and we ’ ll follow .
Very like , very like .	I ’ m sure it would ’ ve , I ’ m sure it would ’ ve .
I know you not .	I don ’ t know you .
This broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter , and , my fortunes against any lay worth naming , this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before .	Ask her to help you heal the rift between her husband and you .
This were kindness .	This was kindness ?
I am sorry For your displeasure , but all will sure be well .	I ’ m sorry about what happened , but I ’ m sure everything will turn out all right .
Come .	Come on .
Hark !	Listen !
What , what ?	What ?
What 's done cannot be undone .	What ’ s done cannot be undone .
Speak !	Say something !
Cleopatra — Why should I think you can be mine , and true — Though you in swearing shake the thronèd gods — Who have been false to Fulvia ?	Cleopatra — How could I have ever thought that you would be faithful and true , even though your vows of love shook the heavens themselves — you , who were unfaithful to Fulvia ?
You were best to tell Antonio what you hear ; Yet do not suddenly , for it may grieve him .	You ’ d better tell Antonio what you heard ; still , don ’ t tell Him without warning because it may be too painful .
God for Thy mercy , they are loose again !	God have mercy on us !
We shall chide downright , if I longer stay .	We ’ re going to have an out-and-out brawl if I stay any longer .
And jealous Oberon would have the child Knight of his train , to trace the forests wild .	He wants the child for himself , to accompany him on his wanderings through the wild forests .
She is spherical , like a globe .	She ’ s round , like a globe .
Liberty !	Liberty !
Be not too late .	Don ’ t be late .
Methinks I do .	I think I do .
But hush , no more .	But I ’ ll be quiet ; no more .
How beauteous mankind is !	How beautiful mankind is !
Speak , Pyramus . — Thisbe , stand forth .	Speak , Pyramus . — Thisbe , come forward .
Yet you will be hanged for being so long absent .	But still , she ’ s going to kill you for being gone so long .
She is persuaded I will marry her , out of her own love and flattery , not out of my promise .	She is persuaded I will marry her , out of her own love and flattery , not out because of my promise .
His ceremonies laid by , in his nakedness he appears but a man , and though his affections are higher mounted than ours , yet when they stoop , they stoop with the like wing .	And though his feelings may be pitched higher than ours , when they plummet , they plummet that much farther .
Why is this reasoned ?	Why are we talking about this ?
I must to the barber 's , monsieur ; for methinks I am marvellous hairy about the face ; and I am such a tender ass , if my hair do but tickle me I must scratch .	I have to get to the barber 's , sir , because I think I have an awful lot of hair on my face , and I am such a sensitive donkey , that I must scratch even if my hair only tickles me a little .
If thou dost nod , thou break 'st thy instrument ; I 'll take it from thee ; and , good boy , good night .	If you nod , you ’ ll break your harp ; I 'll take it from you , and , good boy , good night .
If you like upon report The soil , the profit , and this kind of life , I will your very faithful feeder be And buy it with your gold right suddenly .	If you like what you see of the land , the profit that ’ s possible , and this rustic life , I ’ ll be your faithful servant , and buy the place with your gold right away .
The meat was well , if you were so contented .	The meat was fine if you wanted to eat it .
God-a-mercy , Grumio !	God have mercy , Grumio !
I took him sleeping , — that is finish 'd too , — And the Athenian woman by his side ; That , when he waked , of force she must be eyed .	I did it while he was sleeping , — that is finished too , — And the Athenian woman by his side , So that , when he woke up , she must , of course , be the first he saw .
But let the frame of things disjoint , both the worlds suffer , Ere we will eat our meal in fear and sleep In the affliction of these terrible dreams That shake us nightly .	Only let the order of the universe be disrupted , Both the real and spiritual worlds suffer , Before we will eat our meal in fear , and sleep In the affliction of these terrible dreams That wake us up nightly .
And made your other love , Demetrius — Who even but now did spurn me with his foot — To call me goddess , nymph , divine , and rare , Precious , celestial ?	Haven ’ t you made your other love , Demetrius — who kicked me with his foot not long ago — call me a goddess and a divine , rare , precious , heavenly creature ?
For you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard , and is to come again .	You ’ re supposed to show that you understand that Pyramus just went to check on a noise he heard and is coming right back .
These couchings and these lowly courtesies Might fire the blood of ordinary men And turn preordinance and first decree Into the law of children .	These kneelings and humble courtesies might excite ordinary men , flattering them into turning Roman law into children ’ s games .
And though she be but little , she is fierce .	And she ’ s fierce , even though she ’ s little .
Hippolyta , I woo 'd thee with my sword , And won thy love doing thee injuries ; But I will wed thee in another key , With pomp , with triumph , and with revelling .	Hippolyta , I got you by waging war with you , And made you love me by doing you injuries ; But I will marry you in a different way , With pomp , with triumph , and with partying !
Yes , just .	Yes , that ’ s it .
Hie therefore , Robin , overcast the night ; The starry welkin cover thou anon With drooping fog as black as Acheron , And lead these testy rivals so astray As one come not within another 's way .	Get going , then , Robin , make the night darker ; Cover the stars in the sky With drooping fog , as black as Acheron , And lead these testy rivals so astray That they will not come within another 's way .
Alas , she has no speech .	Alas , she has nothing to say .
Thou art a villain to impeach me thus .	You ’ re a villain to say this about me .
O , my lord , my lord , I have been so affrighted !	Alas , my lord , I have been so frightened !
How long hast thou been a grave-maker ?	How long have you been a grave-maker ?
Nay , come , let 's go together .	No , come , let 's go together .
It was his bidding ; therefore , good Emilia , Give me my nightly wearing , and adieu .	It was his bidding ; therefore , good Emilia , Give me my nightgown , and goodbye .
Into what dangers would you lead me , Cassius , That you would have me seek into myself For that which is not in me ?	What dangers would you lead me into , Cassius , That you want me to search for something That I don ’ t have in myself ?
This is Othello 's ancient , as I take it .	This is Othello 's ensign , as I take it .
There ’ s magic in the web of it .	There ’ s magic in its fabric .
I know you .	I know you .
Why , there thou say 'st !	Why , there you ’ ve said it .
Therefore give out you are of Epidamnum , Lest that your goods too soon be confiscate .	So , tell people that you ’ re from Epidamnum – otherwise all your goods will be confiscated .
What , will my daughter prove a good musician ?	Will my daughter be a good musician , do you think ?
Nay , then , I 'll set those to you that can speak .	No , then , I ’ ll send those to you who can speak .
Nay , very pale .	Very pale , sir .
Are you a man ?	Aren ’ t you a rational human being ?
Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide , Hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit To his full height .	Now grit your teeth and let your nostrils flare .
I rest much bounden to you .	I ’ m indebted to you .
How now shall this be compassed ?	And how would we go about doing that ?
Brave son , derived from honorable loins !	Brave son , fathered from honorable loins !
You press me far , and therefore I will yield .	You push me far , and so I ’ ll give in .
What news more ?	What other news ?
Be ’ st thou sad or merry , The violence of either thee becomes , So does it no man else . — Mett ’ st thou my posts ?	Whether you are sad or merry , the intensity of either suits you like no one else . . .
And can you by no drift of conference Get from him why he puts on this confusion , Grating so harshly all his days of quiet With turbulent and dangerous lunacy ?	And you can ’ t put your heads together and figure out why he ’ s acting so dazed and confused , ruining his peace and quiet with such dangerous displays of lunacy ?
There is no power in Venice Can alter a decree establishèd .	There ’ s no power in Venice that can change an established decree .
I would I had been there .	I wish I had been there .
I thank your lordship , you have got me one .	I think I ’ ve found one already , thanks to you , my lord .
I am as I have spoken .	I am as I have spoken .
We must out and talk .	We have to go out and talk to them .
Ha !	Hey !
Never , my lord .	Never , my lord .
You are welcome .	This is it , for now .
Bid that welcome Which comes to punish us , and we punish it , Seeming to bear it lightly .	If we welcome our punishment , we punish it right back by seeming to take it lightly .
Farewell , and let your haste commend your duty .	Farewell and hurry to do your duty .
He is gone , he is gone , And we cast away moan .	He is gone , he is gone , And we go away crying .
I kiss 'd thee ere I kill 'd thee .	I kissed you before I killed you .
The man should be put into the lanthorn .	The man should be inside the lantern .
If I dream not , thou art Emilia .	If I ’ m not dreaming , you are Emilia .
Your case is better .	Your case is better than that .
The Turkish preparation makes for Rhodes ; So was I bid report here to the state By Signior Angelo .	The Turkish armies are headed for Rhodes ; So I was asked to report here to the state By Signior Angelo .
Space enough Have I in such a prison .	A prison like that would give me enough liberty .
I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	I ’ d rather have a handful or two of dried peas .
Do not desire to see this letter .	Don ’ t ask to see this letter .
We are less afraid to be drowned than thou art .	Bastard , arrogant noisemaker , we ’ re less afraid to be drowned than you are .
I am a gentleman of a company .	I am a gentleman of a company .
What will you do ?	What do you think you ’ re doing ?
He is drunk now .	He ’ s definitely drunk now .
But where ’ s the money ?	But where ’ s the money ?
So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to 't .	So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to it .
What 's that , my lord ?	What 's that , my lord ?
Save you , friend Cassio !	Hello , Cassio !
I wonder what it bodes .	I wonder what it means .
In this last tempest .	In this last storm .
Fathers commonly Do get their children .	Usually fathers produce children , not the other way around .
Methinks his words do from such passion fly , That he believes himself .	I don ’ t believe it .
Tis new to thee .	It ’ s new to you .
Do so , and after two days I will discharge thee .	Do so ; and after two days , I will set you free .
Where ’ s my cousin Toby ?	Where ’ s my cousin Toby ?
I have deceived even your very eyes .	I tricked your own eyes .
How now , Tubal ?	Hello , Tubal .
And all for nothing !	And all for nothing !
No Thisbe do I see .	I don ’ t see Thisbe .
My heart to her but as guest-wise so journ 'd , And now to Helen is it home return 'd , There to remain .	My heart journeyed to her only like a guest , And now has returned home to Helena , There to remain .
There is no more but so .	That ’ s all there is to it .
Good gentlemen , he hath much talk 'd of you , And sure I am two men there are not living To whom he more adheres .	Good gentlemen , he has much talked of you , And I am sure that there are not living two men With whom he feels close .
This in the public eye ?	He did this in public ?
O , sir , I will not be so hard-hearted .	Oh , I ’ d never be that cruel .
And I.	And I.
Why , for that too .	The same thing .
Now , by my troth , if I had been remembered , I could have given my uncle ’ s grace a flout To touch his growth nearer than he touched mine .	Hey , if I ’ d remembered something about him , I could have had a good comeback for my uncle , touching on his growth worse than he touched on mine .
I have a pain upon my forehead here .	I have a pain on my forehead here .
It shall advantage thee more than ever the bearing of letter did .	You ’ ll get a bigger reward than you ever got delivering a letter before .
My brother ’ s servants Were then my fellows .	My brother ’ s servants used to be my equals .
No , it is not possible you should love the enemy of France , Kate .	No , it is not possible you should love the enemy of France , Kate .
Let it work ; For ' tis the sport to have the enginer Hoist with his own petar ; and ' shall go hard But I will delve one yard below their mines And blow them at the moon .	Let it be , Because it ’ s the sport to have the swordsman Killed with his own sword , and it won ’ t be easy But I will dig one yard below their mines And blow them at the moon .
Captain Fluellen .	Captain Fluellen !
This morning are they fled away and gone , And in their steads do ravens , crows , and kites Fly o 'er our heads and downward look on us , As we were sickly prey .	This morning , they have fled away and are gone ; And in their places , ravens , crows , and kites Fly over our heads and look down on us As if we were sickly prey .
Therein , ye gods , you make the weak most strong ; Therein , ye gods , you tyrants do defeat .	In that event , you gods , you make the weak the strongest ; In that event , you gods , you defeat tyrants .
Fetch 't , let me see it .	Go get it , let me see it .
We shall further think on ’ t .	We ’ ll have to think about it carefully .
Cassius , Be not deceived .	Cassius , don ’ t take it badly .
She is of so free , so kind , so apt , so blessed a disposition , she holds it a vice in her goodness not to do more than she is requested .	She is so free , so kind , so proper , so blessed a disposition , she holds it a sin in her goodness not to do more than she is asked .
He lies not like the living .	He doesn ’ t lie like the living .
But he hath chid me hence and threatened me To strike me , spurn me — nay , to kill me too .	But he told me to get lost and threatened to hit me , kick me — even kill me .
Fie !	For shame !
But I ’ ll catch thine eyes , Though they had wings .	I ’ ll scratch out your eyes , even if they could fly .
We should have met you By sea and land , supplying every stage With an augmented greeting .	I would have met you by sea and again by land .
Our fortune on the sea is out of breath And sinks most lamentably .	The battle on the sea is almost lost .
It is now two o 'clock .	It ’ s two o 'clock now .
And , being done , thus Wall away doth go .	Now that I ’ m done , Wall can go away .
Brutus , bait not me , I 'll not endure it .	Brutus , don ’ t scold me , I won ’ t put up with it .
Adieu , my lord .	Farewell , my lord .
Infirmity , that decays the wise , doth ever make the better fool .	Old age always makes people act funny — even wise people , but fools more than anybody .
We do not come as minding to contest you , Our true intent is .	We don ’ t come here with the intention of making you happy .
Kind sister , thanks .	Yes , kind sister .
The potent poison quite o 'ercrows my spirit .	This strong poison ’ s overpowering me .
Those that will hear me speak , let ' em stay here .	Let those who will hear me speak stay .
Not too fast !	Ah , no .
Tell him my fury shall abate , and I the crowns will take .	Tell him my fury will abate , and I ’ ll take the crowns .
We think not so , my lord .	We don ’ t think so , my lord .
A living drollery .	A living puppet show .
Pray you , be round with him .	I beg you , be firm with him .
you know me well .	You know me well .
A fine woman !	A fine woman !
Here come two noble beasts in , a man and a lion .	Here come two noble beasts , a moon and a lion .
I cannot but remember such things were , That were most precious to me .	I cannot only remember such things that were , That were most precious to me .
Not a hair perished .	Nobody was hurt in the slightest .
Bespeak him a fortnight before . — I will have the heart of him if he forfeit , for were he out of Venice I can make what merchandise I will . — Go , go , Tubal , and meet me at our synagogue .	With him out of Venice , I can make whatever bargains I want when I lend money . — Go , Tubal .
I did never know so full a voice issue from so empty a heart .	I never heard so loud a voice issue from such an empty heart .
Sailors , my lord , they say .	Yes , that ’ s the one .
He does .	He is .
You have told me she hath received them and returned me expectations and comforts of sudden respect and acquaintance , but I find none .	You told me she got them , and that she promised to give me a little something in return soon , but nothing like that ever happens .
A goodly one ; in which there are many confines , wards , and dungeons , Denmark being one o ' the worst .	A goodly one , in which there are many cells , wards , and dungeons , Denmark being one of the worst .
Service .	To work as a servant .
But you and I And honest Casca , we have the falling sickness .	You and I , and honest Casca , we have epilepsy — we ’ ve fallen .
His glory not extenuated wherein he was worthy , nor his offenses enforced for which he suffered death .	His glory has not been diminished where he earned it , nor have those offenses for which he was killed been exaggerated .
Is this the fine of his fines , and the recovery of his recoveries , to have his fine pate full of fine dirt ?	Is this the finest of his fine art , and the seizure of his house seizures , to have his fine pate full of fine dirt ?
Yea , very force entangles Itself with strength .	Yes , even power gets in its own way .
Is it so , countrymen ?	Is that how it is , countrymen ?
Pray you , if it be , give it me , for I am slow of study .	If you do , please give it to me , because I need to start learning the lines .
Thisbe !	Thisbe !
Speak , hands , for me !	Speak , hands , for me !
Too well what love women to men may owe .	I know a lot about the love women can feel for men .
Murder most foul , as in the best it is .	His most horrible murder .
By Jupiter , I swear “ No . ” By Juno , I swear “ Ay . ” They durst not do ’ t .	By the god Jupiter above , I swear “ No . ” By Jupiter ’ s wife Juno , I swear “ Yes . ” They wouldn ’ t dare .
He does confess he feels himself distracted , But from what cause he will by no means speak .	He does confess that he feels himself troubled , But he will by no means speak about the cause .
Some good man bear him carefully from hence ; I 'll fetch the general 's surgeon .	Some good men carry him carefully from here ; I 'll fetch the general 's surgeon .
Everything is well .	Everything ’ s fine .
Hear my soul speak .	But I ’ ll tell you something from my soul .
So much was his pleasure should be proclaimed .	That ’ s the end of the announcement .
How now , you secret , black , and midnight hags ?	How now , you secret , black , and midnight hags !
What foul play had we that we came from thence ?	What foul play did we have that we left there ?
Who builds his hopes in air of your good looks Lives like a drunken sailor on a mast , Ready with every nod to tumble down Into the fatal bowels of the deep .	Anyone who builds his hopes on air lives like a drunken sailor hanging on a mast , ready with every dizzy nod of his head to tumble to the bottom of the sea .
tis an unweeded garden That grows to seed ; things rank and gross in nature Possess it merely .	It is an unweeded garden That is going to seed , only things that are decaying and Disgusting grow there .
They did , Fluellen .	They did , Fluellen .
Thou saidst — Oh , it comes o 'er my memory , As doth the raven o 'er the infectious house , Boding to all — he had my handkerchief .	What you told me it haunts me like a nightmare — he ’ s got my handkerchief !
I thank thee .	Thank you .
I can keep honest counsel , ride , run , mar a curious tale in telling it , and deliver a plain message bluntly .	I can be discreet in honorable matters , ride a horse , run , tell a good story badly , and deliver a plain message bluntly .
Fare thee well .	Farewell .
I am glad that my weak words Have struck but thus much show of fire from Brutus .	I ’ m glad that my weak words have provoked even this small show of protest from you .
What not put upon His spongy officers , who shall bear the guilt Of our great quell ?	And whatever we do , we can lay all the blame on the drunken servants .
Why , for that too .	Why , for that too .
My gracious sovereign , now in Devonshire , As I by friends am well advertisèd , Sir Edward Courtney and the haughty prelate , Bishop of Exeter , his elder brother , With many more confederates are in arms .	My noble king , my friends have informed me that Sir Edward Courtney and his brother , the haughty Bishop of Exeter , are now in My king , the Guildfords in My lord , the duke of Buckingham ’ s army — Enough , you
to Sebastian &ket; Ay , and a subtle , as he most learnedly delivered .	Yes , and mild , as he has said most knowledgeably .
And here am I , and wood within this wood , Because I cannot meet my Hermia .	And here I am , going crazy in the middle of the woods because I can ’ t find my Hermia .
And this way have you well expounded it .	And in this way , you have explained it very well .
Music , hark .	Music , listen !
What ’ s this ?	What do you call this ?
Bloody , bawdy villain !	Bloody , inhuman villain !
Why , then , we kill all our women .	That will kill our lovers .
Give me , ” quoth I.	Give me one , ” I said .
Swear .	Swear .
But ships are but boards , sailors but men .	But ships are just fragile boards , and sailors are just men .
It is hypocrisy against the devil .	Come on , Iago .
My daughter !	My daughter !
Were you not sent for ?	Weren ’ t you sent for ?
What is he , Biondello ?	What does he look like , Biondello ?
Who chooseth me , shall get as much as he deserves .	Who chooses me shall get as much as he deserves . ” As much as he deserves !
Will you grant with me That Ferdinand is drowned ?	Will you agree with me That Ferdinand is drowned ?
Bid every noise be still .	Quiet , everyone !
Approach and speak .	Come forward and speak .
The canker galls the infants of the spring Too oft before their buttons be disclosed , And in the morn and liquid dew of youth Contagious blastments are most imminent .	An ugly disease afflicts the new flowers of the spring Too often before they have bloomed , And in the morning and liquid dew of youth Contagious shriveling is the most imminent .
Marry , that am I and my partner .	Sir , that would be me and my partner .
to Gonzalo &ket; ‘ Widow Dido ’ said you ?	Widow Dido , ” you said ?
Of her society Be not afraid .	Don ’ t be afraid Of her company .
But till that time I do receive your offer 'd love like love , And will not wrong it .	But until that time , I receive your offered love like love , And won ’ t do it wrong .
How am I false ?	How am I unfaithful ?
I say , but mark his gesture .	I ’ m telling you , just watch his face .
The king would speak with Cornwall .	The king wants to speak with Cornwall .
Why , sir , I gave the money for the rope .	Why , sir , I spent it on this rope .
What does this mean , my lord ?	What does that mean , sir ?
Most noble Antony !	Most noble Antony !
I and my sword will earn our chronicle .	My sword and I will earn our place in history .
After a little time , I ’ ll beat him too .	After a little while , I ’ ll beat him too .
The main descry Stands in the hourly thought .	The main body of the army is expected here any hour now .
And he did bid us follow to the temple .	And he did bid us to follow him to the temple , didn ’ t he ?
I cannot love him .	I can ’ t love him .
Whither goest thou ?	Where are you going ?
Why , would that have mended my hair ?	Why , would that have fixed my hair ?
I remember The first time ever Caesar put it on .	I remember the first time Caesar ever put it on .
Madam , yond young fellow swears he will speak with you .	Madam , that young man out there says he ’ s got to speak to you .
I know no touch of it , my lord .	I don ’ t know how to play it , my lord .
The poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree , Sing all a green willow ; Her hand on her bosom , her head on her knee , Sing willow , willow , willow .	The poor soul sat sighing by a sycamore tree , Sing all a green willow ; Her hand on her breast , her head on her knee , Sing willow , willow , willow .
Fie !	Shame on you !
Aunchient Pistol , I do partly understand your meaning .	Discipline must be kept .
Tis a wild night .	It ’ s a wild night .
As I learned , The night before there was no purpose in them Of this remove .	According to what I heard , they had no travel plans as of last night .
Is the chair empty ?	Is the throne empty ?
Persuade me rather to be slave and sumpter To this detested groom .	I ’ d rather be a slave or a packhorse for this hateful stablehand here .
A worthy pioner !	A worthy pioneer !
But how hath she received his love ?	And how did she react to all this ?
Dromio — thou , Dromio — thou snail , thou slug , thou sot .	Dromio , you drone , you snail , you slug , you idiot !
If you saw yourself with your eyes or knew yourself with your judgment , the fear of your adventure would counsel you to a more equal enterprise .	If you took a good look at yourself , or if you thought about this more carefully , your fear would teach you to act more cautiously .
But for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me ?	But tell me — which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me ?
Farewell : I 'll grow a talker for this gear .	Goodbye , I 'll be a better talker by dinner .
By this hand , Claudio shall render me a dear account .	I swear that Claudio will pay dearly for this .
We will , we will !	We will , we will .
What say you then to Falconbridge , the young baron of England ?	What about Falconbridge , that young English baron ?
And , moreover , God saw him when he was hid in the garden .	And , moreover , God saw Benedick when he was hid in the garden .
The business of the state does him offence , And he does chide with you .	Political business is bothering him , and he ’ s just taking it out on you .
Where got ’ st thou that goose look ?	Why do you look like a frightened goose ?
Wife , children , servants , all That could be found .	Wife , children , servants , all That could be found .
The villain Jew with outcries raised the Duke , Who went with him to search Bassanio ’ s ship .	The duke went with him to search Bassanio ’ s ship .
Why wither not the leaves that want their sap ?	Why aren ’ t the leaves withering now that the sap is all dried up ?
Oh , that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill !	Oh , if only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your frowns !
A wreck past hope he was .	He was a wreck , almost past hope .
What ceremony else ?	What other rites are you going to give her ?
Do they grow rusty ?	Do they grow rusty ?
He has no children .	He doesn ’ t have children .
Lo , here I lie , Never to rise again .	Here I lie and will never get up again .
Here , quite confounded with this mutiny .	Here , quite confused by this mutiny .
We all expect a gentle answer , Jew .	We all expect a gentle answer , Jew .
Do you think ' tis this ?	Do you think it is this ?
I cannot be so answer ’ d .	I refuse to accept that .
Hamlet , thou art slain ; No medicine in the world can do thee good .	Hamlet , you are killed , No medicine in the world can save you .
Hold , ho !	Stop !
Have you not set mine honor at the stake , And baited it with all the unmuzzled thoughts That tyrannous heart can think ?	Haven ’ t you totally dismissed my honor and integrity in your anger ?
If thou dost love fair Hero , cherish it , And I will break with her and with her father , And thou shalt have her .	Look , if you really love the beautiful Hero , enjoy it .
What ’ s your gracious pleasure ?	What do you want ?
I pause for a reply .	I ’ ll stop so you can reply .
I will not desire that .	I don ’ t wish that on you .
O my lord !	Oh , my lord !
O bosom black as death !	O heart as black as death !
I ’ ll go farther off .	I need to get away from you .
Would I had met my dearest foe in heaven Or ever I had seen that day , Horatio .	Oh , I ’ d rather have met my fiercest enemy in heaven , Horatio , than have lived through that terrible day !
Nay , it is .	No , it is .
He is welcome hither .	He ’ s welcome here .
I dare lay any money ’ twill be nothing yet .	I ’ ll bet anything you like that nothing will happen , once again .
What should be spoken here , where our fate , Hid in an auger-hole , may rush and seize us ?	What should we say her , where our fate , Hidden in a very small carpenter ’ s hole , may rush up and seize us ?
Most learnèd judge , a sentence !	What a wise judge !
He cannot flatter , he .	No flattery for him , no sir !
In such a time as this it is not meet That every nice offense should bear his comment .	In such a time as this , it isn ’ t fair That every silly offense should uphold his criticism .
Hold little faith , though thou hast too much fear .	Keep a little bit of honesty , even if you ’ re afraid .
I would I were , to be revenged on thee .	I wish I were , so I could deprive you of both day and life .
If you do fight against your country ’ s foes , Your country ’ s fat shall pay your pains the hire .	When you fight against your country ’ s enemies , you will be paid for your efforts with your country ’ s wealth .
How green !	How green !
Ere I learn love , I ’ ll practice to obey .	Before I learn how to love , I ’ ll learn how to follow orders .
Nod to him , elves , and do him courtesies .	Bow to him , fairies , and curtsy to him .
Dear Duff , I prithee , contradict thyself , And say it is not so .	Dear Macduff , I beg you , tell us you were lying and say it isn ’ t so .
Tis no matter .	It won ’ t matter .
Then let the trumpets sound The tucket sonance and the note to mount , For our approach shall so much dare the field That England shall couch down in fear and yield .	Our advance will so dazzle the enemy that England will cower in fear and surrender .
You are too much mistaken in this king .	You are completely wrong about this king .
He did command me to call timely on him .	He commanded me to wake him up early .
I can behold no longer .	I can ’ t watch any more .
Fare thee well .	Well then , goodbye .
What was he , sad or merry ?	Was he sad or happy ?
If it be true that good wine needs no bush , ’ tis true that a good play needs no epilogue .	If it ’ s true that you don ’ t need
Only foul words , and thereupon I will kiss thee .	I spoke angry , foul words to him , and with that I will kiss you .
Hear me , you wrangling pirates , that fall out In sharing that which you have pilled from me !	Hear me , you wrangling pirates .
My liege , They are not yet come back .	My King , They haven ’ t come back yet .
Well , say , sir .	Well , just say it , sir .
Who , in this kind of merry fooling , am nothing to you ; so you may continue and laugh at nothing still .	Who is nothing to you in this kind of merry joking , so you may continue and still laugh at nothing .
Let 't alone , And do the murder first .	Let 's get going And do the murder first .
Why sweat they under burdens ?	Why are you making them work so hard ?
Ay , so I think .	Yes , I think that ’ s true .
Swounds , show me what thou 'lt do .	God ’ s wounds , show me what you 'll do .
The queen your mother , in most great affliction of spirit , hath sent me to you .	The queen your mother is upset , and sent me to see you .
Doth it ?	Will it ?
Where should we have our thanks ?	Who will thank us ?
Why dost thou ask ?	Why do you ask ?
Both , both , my girl .	Both , both , my girl .
How now , what ’ s the matter ?	Say , what ’ s the trouble ?
Upon the platform , ’ twixt eleven and twelve , I ’ ll visit you .	I ’ ll see you on the guards ' platform between eleven and twelve tonight .
Madam , they are not yet ; But there is come a messenger before , To signify their coming .	Madam , not yet ; But there is come a messenger ahead of them , To show that they are coming .
Do you not remember , lady , in your father ’ s time a Venetian , a scholar and a soldier , that came hither in company of the Marquess of Montferrat ?	Do you remember a Venetian scholar and soldier who accompanied the marquess of Montferrat here once when your father was still alive ?
Where was she born ?	Where was she born ?
Belike they had some notice of the people , How I had moved them .	It ’ s likely they had some notice from the people , How I had moved them .
Oh , I have heard him speak of that same brother , And he did render him the most unnatural That lived amongst men .	Oh , I ’ ve heard him talk about that brother , and he described him as the most inhumane man alive .
Be thou my witness that , against my will , As Pompey was , am I compell 'd to set Upon one battle all our liberties .	You be my witness that , against my will , As Pompey was , I am compelled to set All our liberties on one battle .
I humbly thank you , sir .	I humbly thank you , sir .
Tis vile , unless it may be quaintly ordered , And better in my mind not undertook .	I think it ’ s better to call it off .
Would I were satisfied !	I wish I were satisfied !
This is open .	I ’ ll do it .
How smooth and even they do bear themselves , As if allegiance in their bosoms sat Crownèd with faith and constant loyalty .	Just as if they were perfectly loyal and faithful .
O , behold , The riches of the ship is come on shore !	O , behold , The riches of the ship is come on shore !
Why , what art thou ?	Why , what are you ?
You told a lie , an odious , damnèd lie .	Then you told a lie , a sick , wicked lie .
Very well .	Okay .
Upon that I kiss your hand , and I call you my queen .	With that I kiss your hand and call you my queen .
To get his place and to plume up my will In double knavery .	get his position and use him to hurt Othello at the same time ?
I pray you give me leave to go from hence : I am not well ; send the deed after me , And I will sign it .	Please , let me go from here ; I am not well ; send the deed after me And I ’ ll sign it .
Mark Antony — Pardon me , Caius Cassius .	Mark Antony — Pardon me , Caius Cassius .
Now , by Apollo — Now , by Apollo , King , Thou swear ’ st thy gods in vain .	Now , I swear by Apollo … By Apollo , King , you ’ re taking the names of the gods in vain .
These are not natural events .	These are unnatural events .
Even such a husband Hast thou of me as she is for a wife .	As good a wife as she is , that ’ s how good a husband I am to you .
I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower .	I can ’ t sleep quietly in the Tower .
How fine my master is !	How wonderful my master is !
Thou drunken slave , I sent thee for a rope And told thee to what purpose and what end .	You drunken slave , I sent you for a rope , and I told you what to do with it .
Your servant shall do so .	I ’ m at your service .
Tell us the manner of it , gentle Casca .	Tell us how it happened , gentle Casca .
The rate — Well , Shylock , shall we be beholding to you ?	The interest rate will be — Well , Shylock ?
Thus have you heard me severed from my bliss ; That by misfortunes was my life prolonged To tell sad stories of my own mishaps .	It ’ s been my bad luck to remain alive long enough to be able to tell the sad stories of my own misfortunes .
Alack , sir , you cannot see your way .	But you can ’ t see where you ’ re going , sir .
Th ' affair cries haste And speed must answer it .	What ’ s important is the urgency of this mission .
Go , good Tubal .	Meet me at the synagogue .
This was the most unkindest cut of all .	This was the most unkind cut of all .
Are you there , wife ?	Is that you , wife ?
What 's the disease he means ?	What 's the disease he means ?
The concernancy , sir ?	The concern sir ?
It is the most impenetrable cur That ever kept with men .	It is the most difficult to understand dog That ever stayed with men .
Peace , you dull fool .	Quiet , you stupid fool .
But are they , Ariel , safe ?	But are they all safe , Ariel ?
Dead , dead ?	Dead , dead ?
I think it is not meet Mark Antony , so well beloved of Caesar , Should outlive Caesar .	I don ’ t think it would be wise to let Mark Antony , whom Caesar is so fond of , outlive Caesar .
Thou art the ruins of the noblest man That ever livèd in the tide of times .	You are what ’ s left of the noblest man that ever lived .
What tributaries follow him to Rome To grace in captive bonds his chariot wheels ?	What foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his chariot wheels ?
But wherefore art not in thy shop today ?	But why aren ’ t you in your shop today ?
One that was a woman , sir ; but , rest her soul , she 's dead .	One that was a woman , sir , but , rest her soul , she 's dead .
Be you and I behind an arras then ; Mark the encounter .	You and I will be behind a curtain then , Listening to their encounter .
Tell him , when that our princely father York Blessed his three sons with his victorious arm , He little thought of this divided friendship .	Tell him that when our noble father , the duke of York , gave his three sons his blessing , he never imagined that our friendship would come to this .
Be your tears wet ?	Are your tears wet ?
Stand aside .	Stand aside .
Art thou some god , some angel , or some devil That makest my blood cold , and my hair to stare ?	Are you some god , some angel , or some devil , That makes my blood cold and my hair to stand on end ?
Nay , do not pause ; for I did kill King Henry — But ’ twas thy beauty that provokèd me .	No , don ’ t pause , because I
Exchange forgiveness with me , noble Hamlet .	Exchange forgiveness with me , noble Hamlet .
Sblood , there is something in this more than natural , if philosophy could find it out .	God ’ s blood ! , there is something more than natural in this , if philosophy could figure it out .
I had rather give his carcass to my hounds .	I had rather give his carcass to my hounds .
He ’ s a friend of the Duke Alençon ’ s .	Arrest him : he ’ s a friend of the duke of Alençon ’ s .
But I am constant as the northern star , Of whose true-fixed and resting quality There is no fellow in the firmament .	But I ’ m as immovable as the northern star , whose stable and stationary quality has no equal in the sky .
Wilt come ?	Are you coming monster ?
I am not well in health , and that is all .	I ’ m not feeling well , and that ’ s all .
Take up my mistress ' gown to his master ’ s use !	Take up my mistress ' gown for his master ’ s use !
Do not then walk too open .	Then don ’ t make yourself too conspicuous .
Now gather , and surmise .	Now listen and understand .
She is herself a dowry .	She herself is as valuable as any dowry could ever be .
Wherefore did you so ?	Why did you it ?
Think ’ st thou the fiery fever will go out With titles blown from adulation ?	Do you think fiery fever can be put out by the windy puff of titles ?
If he break the peace , he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling .	If he breaks the peace , he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling .
One stroke Shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest .	With one cut you can be through paying money to Naples .
And to that place the sharp Athenian law Cannot pursue us .	So here ’ s the plan .
Most certain , if you are she , you do usurp yourself , for what is yours to bestow is not yours to reserve .	If you ’ re the lady of the house , then it ’ s true you ’ re stealing your role , because what ’ s yours to give away is not yours to keep for yourself .
Budge not , ” says my conscience .	Don ’ t go , ” says my conscience .
Here .	Here !
They say , one Taurus .	A man named Taurus , they say .
Send for him , good uncle .	Send for him , dear uncle .
Those that are married already , all but one , shall live .	Whoever is already married ( except one person I know ) will stay married — all but one person .
Give me a calendar .	Give me an almanac .
Only th ’ adulterous Antony , most large In his abominations , turns you off And gives his potent regiment to a trull That noises it against us .	Only the adulterous and abominable Antony abandons you , giving his power to a whore who turns that power against us .
I must perforce Have shown to thee such a declining day , Or look on thine .	Either I had to ruin you , or you would have ruined me .
O villainous !	O villainous !
What serious contemplation are you in ?	What are you thinking about so seriously ?
Come , come , dispatch .	Come , come , hurry up .
The weakest kind of fruit Drops earliest to the ground , and so let me .	The weakest fruit drops to the ground first , so let me drop .
And pardon me , my gentle Gratiano ; For that same scrubbed boy , the doctor 's clerk , In lieu of this last night did lie with me .	And pardon me , my gentle Gratiano , Because that same scrubbed boy , the doctor 's clerk , Instead of this , slept with me last night .
Nay , but this dotage of our general ’ s O ’ erflows the measure .	No , our general ’ s infatuation is out of control .
Where ’ s the king ?	Where ’ s the king ?
The hour steals on .	It ’ s getting late .
Stay , I prithee , tell me what thou thinkest of me .	You do Stay , Please , tell me what you think of me .
Make that good .	How do you know ?
No , Lepidus , let him speak .	What part of the agreement did I break ?
But oh , poor Gloucester — Lost he his other eye ?	There ’ s justice in heaven after all !
O , be thou damn 'd , inexecrable dog !	Oh , damn you , stubborn dog !
Pity me not , but lend thy serious hearing To what I shall unfold .	Don ’ t pity me , but listen seriously To what I shall disclose to you .
I ’ ll tell thee more of this another time .	I ’ ll talk to you more about this some other time .
I ' th ' mire .	In the mud .
No .	No .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
Tarry , good Beatrice .	Wait , good Beatrice .
But silence ; here comes Thisbe .	But silence ; here comes Thisbe .
I never saw an action of such shame .	I never saw such a shameful act .
Say that they slack their duties	For instance , our husbands
Here , catch this casket .	Here , catch this box .
His horses go about .	He is cooling off his horses .
I pray you , give me leave to go from hence .	Please let me go .
Therefore depart and leave him here with me .	Therefore , depart , and leave him here with me .
Note him , Note him , good Charmian , ’ tis the man , but note him .	Just notice .
From both , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
O , she would laugh me Out of myself , press me to death with wit .	She ’ d laugh me right out of my body and kill me with her wit .
You always end with a jade ’ s trick .	You always slip out of the argument like this .
The Duke does greet you , general , And he requires your haste-post-haste appearance , Even on the instant .	He needs to see you right away .
Dost thou say so ?	You say so ?
We ’ ll feast each other ere we part , and let ’ s Draw lots who shall begin .	We ’ ll have celebration feasts for each other before we go our separate ways .
Most welcome home !	A great welcome home !
I grant indeed it hath not appeared , and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment .	I admit it doesn ’ t look that way to me , and the fact that you suspect me shows that you ’ re smart .
By heaven , that should be my handkerchief !	By heaven , that ’ s my handkerchief !
Tis gone .	It ’ s gone .
He knows not the stop .	He didn ’ t know how to stop it .
Oh , I could play the woman with mine eyes And braggart with my tongue !	I could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how I will avenge them !
I marvel why I answered not again .	I ’ m surprised I didn ’ t bite back .
You speak to Casca , and to such a man That is no fleering telltale .	Say no more .
Make thee a fortune from me .	I ’ m going to make you a rich man .
Fare thee well , lord .	Fare you well , lord .
In practice let us put it presently .	Let ’ s get started right away .
If ever thou wilt thrive , bury my body .	I know you well .
My master , not myself , lacks recompense .	It ’ s my master who ’ s not getting the reward he deserves , not me .
Are you not well ?	Are you sick ?
Good signiors both , when shall we laugh ?	Good gentlemen , when are we getting together ?
Love news , in faith ?	I bet it ’ s a love letter !
I cannot tell what you and other men Think of this life , but , for my single self , I had as lief not be as live to be In awe of such a thing as I myself .	I don ’ t know what you and other men think of this life , but as for me , I ’ d rather not live at all than live to worship a man as ordinary as myself .
I will deny thee nothing !	I won ’ t deny you anything !
Thou hast .	You have .
A devil , a born devil on whose nature Nurture can never stick , on whom my pains , Humanely taken , all , all lost , quite lost .	He ’ s a devil , a born devil , who can never be trained .
My words are as full of peace as matter .	I ’ m coming in peace .
Bid him therefore consider of his ransom , which must proportion the losses we have borne , the subjects we have lost , the disgrace we have digested , which , in weight to reanswer , his pettiness would bow under .	have lost , and the indignity we have endured , for which he is too insignificant to sufficiently pay us back .
I ’ ll make thee an example .	I ’ ll make you an example for the others to learn from .
My best endeavours shall be done herein .	You have my best efforts to get everything done as you ask .
Indeed , they say the senators tomorrow Mean to establish Caesar as a king , And he shall wear his crown by sea and land In every place save here in Italy .	Indeed , they say that the senators plan to establish Caesar as a king tomorrow , and he ’ ll wear his crown at sea and on land everywhere except here in Italy .
Silenced with that , In viewing o 'er the rest o ’ the selfsame day , He finds thee in the stout Norweyan ranks , Nothing afeard of what thyself didst make , Strange images of death .	Silenced with that story , And reviewing all the events of the day , He found you in the stout Norwegian ’ s ranks , Not afraid of what you did or the Strange images of death .
I know our country disposition well ; In Venice they do let heaven see the pranks They dare not show their husbands ; their best conscience Is not to leave 't undone , but keep 't unknown .	I know our country ’ s disposition well ; In Venice they let heaven see the pranks They wouldn ’ t dare show their husbands ; their best conscience Isn ’ t to leave it unfinished , but to keep it unknown .
See him delivered , Fabian ; bring him hither .	Fabian , bring him here .
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told .	An honest tale succeeds best when it is told simply .
How many then should cover that stand bare !	How many people who are humble now would be great then ?
What , is this so ?	Is this true ?
I know not what I shall think of that : but I am Launcelot , the Jew 's man ; and I am sure Margery , your wife , is my mother .	I don ’ t know what I shall think of that ; but I am Launcelot , the Jew 's man , and I am sure Margery your wife is my mother .
He says so , Tranio ?	Is that what he says ?
Therein our letters do not well agree .	On that point , our letters don ’ t agree .
This is no place , this house is but a butchery .	This is no place for you ; this home is now a slaughterhouse .
Thou an Egyptian puppet shalt be shown In Rome , as well as I.	You will be exhibited in Rome along with me , like Egyptian puppets .
They could be content To visit other places , and come down With fearful bravery , thinking by this face To fasten in our thoughts that they have courage ; But ' tis not so .	They could be content To go to other places , and come down With fearful bravery , thinking that by this face To impress our minds , they have courage ; But it ’ s not true .
Thou liest , thou shag-ear 'd villain !	You lie , you shag-haired villain !
Didst thou dream , Lucius , that thou so criedst out ?	Were you dreaming , Lucius ?
Say to the king I would attend his leisure For a few words .	Go tell the king I want to talk to him for a few minutes .
Hamlet comes back .	Hamlet comes back .
Mechanic slaves With greasy aprons , rules , and hammers shall Uplift us to the view .	Crude slaves with greasy aprons , rulers , and hammers shall lift us up so everyone can see .
Nor I.	Neither will I.
I pray you , husband , be not so disquiet .	Please , dear , calm down .
Be better at thy leisure .	person when you ’ re ready , if you ’ re inclined .
We say that Shore ’ s wife hath a pretty foot , A cherry lip , a bonny eye , a passing pleasing tongue , And that the queen ’ s kindred are made gentlefolks .	And that Mr. Shore ’ s wife has nice feet , cherry lips , pretty eyes , and a very pleasant way of expressing herself .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
Stay illusion !	Stay , illusion !
Go to , carry this .	Go on ; carry this .
Transform me , then , and to your power I ’ ll yield .	Go ahead , I ’ ll yield to your power .
I think it is the weakness of mine eyes That shapes this monstrous apparition .	I think it ’ s my bad eyesight that ’ s making me see this horrible vision .
Nothing , my lord .	Nothing , my lord .
Why , thy horn is a foot , and so long am I , at the least .	Your horn is a foot long , and I ’ m at least that size .
Why , then Othello and Desdemona return again to Venice .	Why , then Othello and Desdemona return again to Venice .
Pray heaven it be State matters , as you think , and no conception Nor no jealous toy concerning you .	I hope to God it ’ s something political , like you think , and not jealousy involving you .
I shall serve you , sir , Truly , however else .	I ’ ll always be loyal to you , sir .
Worthy Macbeth , we stay upon your leisure .	Worthy Macbeth , we are waiting for you .
Love cools , friendship falls off , brothers divide , in cities	Love cools off , friendships break up , and brothers become enemies .
When the moon shone , we did not see the candle .	When the moon was shining , we did not see the candle .
Advise your fellows so .	Tell your men as much .
Who is this they follow ?	Who is that they ’ re following ?
I found them on a tree .	I found them on a tree .
What is this That rises like the issue of a king , And wears upon his baby-brow the round And top of sovereignty ?	What is this spirit that looks like the son of a king and wears a crown on his young head ?
Fut , I should have been that I am , had the maidenliest star in the firmament twinkled on my bastardizing .	I would have been what I am even if the most virginal star in the heavens had twinkled at my conception .
But we both obey And here give up ourselves , in the full bent , To lay our service freely at your feet To be commanded .	But we ’ ll obey .
die two months ago , and not forgotten yet ?	Died two months ago and not forgotten yet ?
Let us not burden our remembrances with A heaviness that ’ s gone .	Let ’ s not get gloomy in our reminiscing , since there ’ s no reason for sadness anymore .
The Thane of Cawdor lives .	The Baron of Cawdor lives .
Fall not a tear , I say .	Don ’ t shed even one tear .
From my house , if I had it — The sixth of July .	From my house , if I had a house — ” “ The sixth of July .
Good my lord !	My good lord !
Dear my lord , Make me acquainted with your cause of grief .	My dear lord , Please tell me the cause of your grief .
The more my prayer , the lesser is my grace .	The more I pray , the less grace I have .
Then , in God ’ s name , march .	So , in God ’ s name , let ’ s march .
And let me the canakin clink , clink ; &bra; Sings .	And let me the small drink clink , clink ; And let me the small drink clink .
Where ’ s Dolabella , To second Proculeius ?	Where ’ s Dolabella ?
It then draws near the season Wherein the spirit held his wont to walk .	So it ’ s nearly the time when the ghost likes to appear .
I 'll cross it , though it blast me .	I ’ ll cross it , though it kill me .
There is none of my uncle ’ s marks upon you .	But you don ’ t have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about .
You think of him too much .	You think about him too much .
She now shall be my sister , not my wife .	I guess now she ’ s going to be my sister-in-law and not my wife .
Come like shadows ; so depart !	Come like shadows and depart in the same way !
dead , Desdemon !	dead , Desdemon !
Who comes here ?	Who ’ s that ?
With what addition ?	And anything else ?
Thou art a traitor — Off with his head .	You ’ re a traitor . — Off with his head .
No , for I hold him to be unworthy of his place that does those things .	No , because we shouldn ’ t be doing that — stuff .
Farewell , good Charles .	Farewell , my lord .
Marry , we were sent for to the justices .	The court has sent for us .
Yea , yea , my lord .	Yes , yes , my lord .
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest .	I love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to protest with .
O , wilt thou darkling leave me ?	Oh , will you leave me alone in the dark ?
We shall , my lord , Perform what you command us .	We ’ ll do what you want us to , my lord .
My young remembrance cannot parallel A fellow to it .	I can ’ t remember there being another Like it .
Call up all my people !	Wake up all my servants !
Yes , I am .	Yes , I am .
Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate Call all in all sufficient ?	Is this the same Moor whom the senate considers so capable ?
Let us haste to hear it , And call the noblest to the audience .	Let us hurry to hear it , And call the noblest to hear it too .
Aside .	Aside .
I told him you were asleep .	I told him you were asleep .
Bear me forthwith unto his creditor , And , knowing how the debt grows , I will pay it . — Good Master Doctor , see him safe conveyed Home to my house .	Take me to the man my husband is in debt to .
And till she come , as truly as to heaven I do confess the vices of my blood So justly to your grave ears I ’ ll present How I did thrive in this fair lady ’ s love And she in mine .	In the meantime I ’ ll tell you all , as honestly as I confess my sins to God , how I wooed this beautiful lady , and how she came to love me .
Here , under leave of Brutus and the rest — For Brutus is an honorable man ; So are they all , all honorable men — Come I to speak in Caesar ’ s funeral .	With the permission of Brutus and the others — for Brutus is an honorable man ; they are all honorable men — I have come here to speak at Caesar ’ s funeral .
Ev 'n as your horse bears your praises — who would trot as well were some of your brags dismounted .	Yes , like your horse , who , staggering under your boasts , would trot more easily if some of them dismounted .
The boy was the very staff of my age , my very prop .	The boy was going to support me in my old age !
The wisdom of your duty , fair Bianca , Hath cost me an hundred crowns since suppertime .	The wisdom of your loyalty , fair Bianca , has cost me a hundred crowns since dinner .
Let ’ s away And get our jewels and our wealth together , Devise the fittest time and safest way To hide us from pursuit that will be made After my flight .	We ’ ll figure out the best time and safest route to avoid being found out by my father ’ s guards , whom he ’ ll send out as soon as he discovers I ’ ve gone .
Not so happy , yet much happier .	Not as happy as Macbeth , only still much happier .
I have told him , Lepidus was grown too cruel , That he his high authority abused And did deserve his change .	I answered that Lepidus had become too brutal and abused his position .
Who does it , then ?	Who does it , then ?
A trade , sir , that , I hope , I may use with a safe con- science , which is indeed , sir , a mender of bad soles .	A trade , sir , that I hope I may use with a clear conscience , which is indeed , sir , a mender of bad soles .
Then must the Jew be merciful .	Then the Jew must show you mercy .
Dear lady , welcome home .	Dear lady , welcome home .
Was this inserted to make interest good ?	Are you telling me this to make interest good ?
Cassio shall have my place .	Cassio can have my job .
Why , Fool ?	Why , Fool ?
May I know ?	Can you tell me ?
Ay , on mine honor .	Yes , I swear .
You mock me , sir .	You mock me , sir .
Where is the king ?	Where is the king ?
ha !	Ha !
Tis a match .	Call it a match !
Thou art a soldier only .	You are only a soldier .
What news ?	What 's the news ?
He calls me “ boy ” and chides as he had power To beat me out of Egypt .	He calls me “ boy ” and scolds me as if he had the power to whip me out of Egypt .
Proceed , proceed .	Let ’ s proceed .
Methinks I do .	I think I do .
You have obtain 'd it .	You ’ ve got it .
O lady , speak again !	Oh , lady , speak again .
My Lord Bassanio gave his ring away Unto the judge that begged it and indeed Deserved it too .	Bassanio gave his ring to the judge who asked for it , and deserved it too .
For Brutus , as you know , was Caesar ’ s angel .	For Brutus , as you know , was Caesar ’ s angel .
Good my lord , be quiet .	My good lord , be quiet .
A friend of Antony 's .	A friend of Antony 's .
Alas , how shall this bloody deed be answered ?	How dangerous to have this madman on the loose !
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
But what of that ?	But so what ?
It is heresy .	That ’ s not holy , it ’ s heresy .
No epilogue , I pray you ; for your play needs no excuse .	No epilogue , I beg you , because your play needs no excuse .
Let me work .	Let me work on him .
Come , sir , I will not let you go .	No , sir , I won ’ t let you go .
Leave me , friends .	Leave me , friends .
If ever I did dream of such a matter , Abhor me .	If I ever dreamt about such a matter , Hate me .
O Julius Caesar , thou art mighty yet !	Oh , Julius Caesar , you are still powerful .
By the mass , I was about to say something .	Good God , I was about to say something .
Yet I beseech you , If you think fit , or that it may be done , Give me advantage of some brief discourse With Desdemona alone .	Please find a way to give me some time alone with Desdemona , if you think that ’ s all right .
Sir , He is with Caesar .	Sir , he ’ s with Caesar .
We will be satisfied !	We want answers .
I am glad to see thee well .	I am glad to see you well .
What cheer , my love ? — Demetrius and Egeus , go along .	How are you , my love ? — Demetrius and Egeus , come with us .
The count himself here hard by woos her .	That duke who lives nearby is courting her .
So do I , my lord .	I do too , my lord .
And died so ?	And that ’ s how she died ?
Does he rave ?	Is he talking nonsense ?
Cassio 's a proper man .	Cassio 's a proper man .
Come , how wouldst thou praise me ?	Come , how would you praise me ?
You durst not so have tempted him .	You wouldn ’ t have dared to tempt him so .
Tis his fashion .	That ’ s just how he is .
Nay , take my life and all .	No , go ahead and take my life .
This tyrant , whose sole name blisters our tongues , Was once thought honest .	This tyrant , whose only name blisters our tongues , Was once thought honest .
Tis hatched , and shall be so .	Enough !
And for my love I pray you wrong me not .	And I hope you won ’ t think badly of me .
Yes , that you did , sir , and forswore it too .	Yes , you did , sir .
This is her very guise ; and , upon my life , fast asleep .	This is exactly how she always looks , and — I swear it — she is fast asleep .
Comes there any more of it ?	Is there any more , or is that it ?
Give me some light , away !	Get me out of here !
Stand you directly in Antonio 's way , When he doth run his course .	Stand directly in Antony ’ s way , When he runs his course . — Antony , — Caesar , my lord ?
What ’ s that good for ?	What ’ s that good for ?
What a plague means my niece , to take the death of her brother thus ?	What ’ s wrong with my niece ?
Well , but to my choice .	Well , let me get back to my choice .
This is the monkey 's own giving out .	This is the monkey 's own rumor .
A deed without a name .	Something there isn ’ t a word for .
No tongue , all eyes !	All eyes !
Heaven 's face doth glow ; Yea , this solidity and compound mass , With tristful visage , as against the doom , Is thought-sick at the act .	Heaven 's face glows — Yes , this solid and compound body With a trustful face — as against the end of the world , Is sickened by the thought of the act .
Why should he stay , whom love doth press to go ?	Why stay when love tells you to go ?
If he do bleed , I ’ ll gild the faces of the grooms withal , For it must seem their guilt .	If Duncan bleeds I ’ ll paint the servants ' faces with his blood .
Welcome , destruction , blood , and massacre .	Welcome , destruction , blood , and massacre !
O perjured woman !	O lying woman !
Spirit , We must prepare to meet with Caliban .	Spirit , we have to get ready to meet with Caliban .
Go to , carry this .	Go on , take them .
By his cockle hat and staff And his sandal shoon .	By his whimsical bat and his staff And his sandal shoes .
Good-morrow , friends .	Good morning , friends .
But I ’ ll not chide thee .	But I ’ ll stop rebuking you .
Follow her close ; give her good watch , I pray you .	Follow her closely , watch her well , I beg you .
Hence !	Enough !
This is the door .	This is the door .
I knew it would be your answer .	I knew that would be your answer .
For the best turn i ’ th ’ bed .	For the favor of sleeping in her bed .
Therefore perpend , my princess , and give ear .	So listen up , princess .
Are they good ?	Is it good news ?
Here comes newer comfort .	Here comes newer comfort .
Thus do all traitors .	All traitors protest like this .
Come , bid me do anything for thee .	Come , ask me to do anything for you .
What not put upon His spongy officers , who shall bear the guilt Of our great quell ?	Who will bear the guilt For our great slaughter ?
My royal lord , You do not give the cheer .	My royal lord , you ’ re not entertaining the guests .
She 's dead .	She 's dead .
In a false quarrel there is no true valor .	There ’ s no bravery in an unfair fight .
The moon ?	The moon ?
Murder and treason !	Murder and treason !
I will in Cassio 's lodging lose this napkin , And let him find it .	I will put this napkin in Cassio 's room , And let him find it .
Defend thee !	Defend yourself !
Too late , good Diomed .	Too late , good Diomedes .
Know ’ st thou not any whom corrupting gold Will tempt unto a close exploit of death ?	Do you know anyone who would kill someone for money ?
But virtue , as it never will be moved , Though lewdness court it in a shape of heaven , So lust , though to a radiant angel link 'd , Will sate itself in a celestial bed And prey on garbage .	But as virtue can never be moved , it Was courted though lewdness in a shape of heaven , And lust , though linked to a radiant angel , Will satisfy itself in a heavenly bed And eat garbage .
Truly , young gentlemen , though there was no great matter in the ditty , yet the note was very untunable .	Really , young men , though it wasn ’ t a very hard song to get right , the music was still all out of tune .
Do not talk of him But as a property .	Don ’ t talk of him Except as a property .
Hearty thanks .	Thank you very much .
By the Lord , madam , you wrong me , and the world shall know it .	I swear to God , madam , you ’ ve wronged me , and I ’ ll tell the whole world .
Peace !	Quiet !
O , remember , God , To hear her prayer for them , as now for us !	Oh God , remember to hear her prayer for them , just as for us !
Slaying is the word : It is a deed in fashion .	Slaying is the word ; It is a deed that ’ s in style .
Sweet Desdemona !	Sweet Desdemona !
Sir , she can turn , and turn , and yet go on , And turn again .	She can turn and turn , and then turn on you again .
Marry , that he had received a thousand ducats of Don John for accusing the Lady Hero wrongfully .	That Don John had given him a thousand pieces of gold for wrongfully accusing the Lady Hero .
Yes , I have gained my experience .	Not true .
tis deeply sworn .	It is a very deep oath .
I will follow .	I ’ ll follow .
A seventh !	A seventh !
What man is that ?	What man is that ?
Yet his means are in supposition .	But his investments are uncertain right now .
Thou praisest the worst best .	You praise the worst best .
I 'th ’ air or th ’ earth ?	Is it in the air or the earth ?
So you thought him , And took his voice who should be prick 'd to die In our black sentence and proscription .	You thought so , And took his side when we decided who should die , In our black punishment and condemning to death .
Nor the soles of her shoe ?	Nor the soles of her shoe ?
Why do we wrap the gen- tleman in our more rawer breath ?	Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rare breath ?
You shall be king .	You will be the king .
Is it a custom ?	Is it a custom ?
Now , Antony , our hopes are answerèd .	Now , Antony , our prayers have been answered .
Infirm of purpose !	Weak of purpose !
But , hark , I hear the footing of a man .	I hear his footsteps .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is that possible ?
He replied , “ Thou unpossessing bastard !	He answered , “ You penniless bastard !
Shall they see us ?	Will they see us ?
We should have else desired your good advice , Which still hath been both grave and prosperous In this day 's council ; but we 'll take tomorrow .	We would have desired your good advice , Which still has been both serious and favorable , In this day 's council , but we 'll do it tomorrow .
Seek him , bid him come hither .	Find him and tell him to come here .
This is the penthouse under which Lorenzo Desired us to make stand .	This is the roof under which Lorenzo said to meet him .
Therefore the winds , piping to us in vain , As in revenge , have sucked up from the sea Contagious fogs , which falling in the land Have every pelting river made so proud That they have overborne their continents .	And because you interrupt us so that we can ’ t dance for them , the winds have made fogs rise up out of the sea and fall down on the rivers so that the rivers flood , just to get revenge on you .
Every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil .	Every glass of liquor is damned , and the devil ’ s the main ingredient !
One draught above heat makes him a fool , the second mads him , and a third drowns him .	The first drink makes him a fool , the second makes him crazy , and the third drowns him .
This day , great duke , she shut the doors upon me While she with harlots feasted in my house .	Today , great duke , she locked me out of my house and feasted there with whores .
Nothing but “ low ” and “ little ” ! — Why will you suffer her to flout me thus ?	Nothing but “ little ” and “ short ” ! — Why are you letting her insult me like this ?
I do not think so .	I don ’ t think so .
Caesar and Antony have ever won More in their officer than person .	Caesar and Antony have always achieved more by delegating authority to their officers than by leading their troops in person .
Madam , his majesty doth call for you , — And for your Grace , — and yours , my gracious lords .	Madam , his majesty asks for you , and for you , Duke of Gloucester , and for you , my noble lords .
Let him answer me . — Come , follow me , boy .	Let me at him .
In such a night Did young Lorenzo swear he loved her well , Stealing her soul with many vows of faith , And ne 'er a true one .	On a night like this , young Lorenzo swore he loved her very much , stealing her heart with vows of love , but not one vow was true .
Such welcome and unwelcome things at once ’ Tis hard to reconcile .	Such welcome and unwelcome things at once Are hard to reconcile .
Art of this house ?	Do you work in this house ?
Yet stay awhile , Thou shalt not back till I have borne this corse Into the market-place .	Stay here for a bit ; You shall not go back until I have carried this corpse Into the market place .
Couch we awhile , and mark .	Let ’ s hide and listen .
Do you consent we shall acquaint him with it , As needful in our loves , fitting our duty ?	Do you agree that we shall tell him , Because we love him and it is our duty ?
Make forth , the generals would have some words .	Stay here ; the generals want to talk .
What , Brutus ?	What , Brutus ?
This is old Ninny ’ s tomb .	This is old Ninny ’ s tomb .
Dost thou believe , Orlando , that the boy Can do all this that he hath promisèd ?	Orlando , do you really believe that this boy can do everything he ’ s promised ?
Observe him , for the love of mockery , for I know this letter will make a contemplative idiot of him .	This letter ’ s going to turn him into a starry-eyed idiot .
What 's the news with you ?	what 's the news with you ?
Gremio , ’ tis now no time to vent our love .	Gremio , this is no time to compete over how deeply we love Bianca .
Good night , honest Iago .	Good night , honest Iago .
I pray you haste in this .	I beg you , hurry .
I take pleasure in singing , sir .	I like singing .
A fire , good Curtis .	Start the fire , good Curtis .
I ’ ll not deny him anything I have , No , not my body , nor my husband ’ s bed .	I won ’ t deny him anything of mine , including my own body and my husband ’ s bed .
Madam , there is at the gate a young gentleman much desires to speak with you .	Madam , there ’ s a young gentleman at the gate who really wants to speak to you .
O monstrous world !	O monstrous world !
What were these ?	What were these ?
But then I saw no harm , and then I heard Each syllable that breath made up between them .	But then I saw no harm , and then I heard Each syllable that was exchanged between them .
A liberal hand .	A liberal hand .
My father ’ s love is enough to honor him .	If he has my father ’ s love , then that ’ s enough honor for me .
To thee I do commend my watchful soul , Ere I let fall the windows of mine eyes .	Before I fall asleep , I entrust my soul to you .
If there be cords or knives , Poison or fire , or suffocating streams , I 'll not endure it .	If there are ropes or knives , Poison or fire , or suffocating streams , I 'll not endure it .
And stand indebted , over and above , In love and service to you evermore .	And stand indebted , over and above , In love and service to you forever .
Here , kiss the book .	Here ,
Was not that letter from fair Jessica ?	Wasn ’ t that letter from Jessica ?
And , hark !	And listen !
God ’ s benison go with you and with those That would make good of bad and friends of foes .	May God ’ s blessing go with you and with all who turn bad into good , and enemies into friends !
Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him ?	Yet who would have thought the old man to have had so much blood in him ?
If the gentlewoman that attends the general 's wife be stirring , tell her there 's one Cassio entreats her a little favor of speech .	If the gentlewoman that attends the general 's wife is awake , tell her there 's one Cassio begs a little favor of speaking with her .
And on the answer , he pays you as surely as your feet hit the ground they step on .	And when he strikes back at you , he ’ ll hit you as sure as you ’ re standing there .
I have had a most rare vision .	I have had a most rare vision .
I wish you well , and so I take my leave .	I wish you well .
I would do much T ' atone them , for the love I bear to Cassio .	I ’ d do anything to bring them back together , since I really care for Cassio .
Once more , Cesario , Get thee to yond same sovereign cruelty .	Cesario , go visit that cruel Olivia one more time .
The gods make this a happy day to Antony !	May the gods bless Antony today !
Downy windows , close ,	Close , soft eyes .
Speak not of Helena .	Don ’ t talk about Helena .
O notable strumpet !	You notorious whore !
If it be you that stir these daughters ' hearts Against their father , fool me not so much To bear it tamely .	If you ’ re the ones setting my daughters against me , don ’ t let me be foolish enough to take it lying down .
An it shall please you to break up this , it shall seem to signify .	If you will please break this up , it will become clear .
Do , I prithee , but yet have the grace to consider that tears do not become a man .	Go ahead if you want , but remember that crying doesn ’ t suit a man .
Security gives way to conspiracy .	A sense of security opens the door to conspiracy .
We have store to do ’ t , And they have earned the waste .	We have enough supplies for it , and they ’ ve earned it .
Bar Harry England , that sweeps through our land With pennons painted in the blood of Harfleur .	Stop Harry of England , who is now sweeping through our land with banners drenched in the French blood he spilled at Harfleur .
Help , help , help !	Help , help , help !
Tears seven times salt , Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye !	Tears with seven times the Salt , burn out the sight and truth of my eyes !
Come , in what key shall a man take you to go in the song ?	If I ’ m going to sing along with you , I need to know what key you ’ re singing in .
Let Rome be thus informed .	Let ’ s send this news to Rome .
Look you how pale he glares !	Look how pale he glares !
Lie with her ?	In bed with her ?
At such a time I ’ ll loose my daughter to him .	When he ’ s there next time , I ’ ll send my daughter to see him .
Peter , didst ever see the like ?	Peter , did you ever see anything like it ?
Is not this the day That Hermia should give answer of her choice ?	Isn ’ t today the day when Hermia has to tell us her decision about whether she ’ ll marry Demetrius ?
I may command where I adore , But silence , like a Lucrece knife , With bloodless stroke my heart doth gore ; M.O.A.I.	But silence , like a knife , cuts open my heart With strokes that draw no blood .
Hark , boy !	Listen , boy !
You speak all your part at once , cues and all . — Pyramus , enter .	You just said all your lines at once , cues and all . — Pyramus , enter .
Her worth being mounted on the wind , Through all the world bears Rosalind .	Her worth is carried on the wind And it blows throughout the world , carrying the name of Rosalind .
Tis very much .	That was too much .
You do not mind the play .	No , no .
Your son , my lord , has paid a soldier ’ s debt .	My lord , your son has paid the soldier ’ s price : death .
What man dare , I dare .	What man has courage to do , I have courage to do .
But yet , alas , stood I within his grace , I would prefer him to a better place .	I leave him in your care — but oh , if only I were still in his favor I could arrange for better care for him .
We will hear Caesar 's will .	We will hear Caesar 's will .
No offense i ' th ' world .	Not offensive at all .
She lives .	She ’ s alive .
I ’ ll help you to a horse .	I ’ ll find you another horse .
And I another So weary with disasters , tugg 'd with fortune , That I would set my life on any chance , To mend it or be rid on ’ t .	And I am another one , So weary with disasters , so unlucky , That I gamble my life on any chance I can get , Either to make it better or end it .
When Jacob grazed his uncle Laban ’ s sheep — This Jacob from our holy Abram was , As his wise mother wrought in his behalf , The third possessor , ay , he was the third — And what of him ?	When Jacob took care of his uncle Laban ’ s sheep — Jacob was the heir to his grandfather Abraham ’ s birthright , because his mother cleverly arranged for her husband Isaac to make Jacob his heir — What ’ s your point ?
Be wise , and get you home .	Be wise , and go home .
Or if thou hast not broke from company Abruptly , as my passion now makes me , Thou hast not loved .	Or if you haven ’ t broken away from human company , as my feelings now lead me to do , you haven ’ t loved .
Why , this is evident to any formal capacity .	Why , anyone can see what this means .
Here 's the smell of the blood still .	Here 's the smell of the blood still .
Tut , a toy !	It ’ s absurd .
My liberty .	My freedom .
My master stays in the street .	My master is standing out in the street !
Is it new and old too ?	You say you have news that ’ s old ?
What should we say , my lord ?	What should we say , my lord ?
Come hither , fellow .	Come here , man .
I know not , lady .	I don ’ t know , ma 'am .
Saving your merry humor , here ’ s the note How much your chain weighs to the utmost carat , The fineness of the gold , and chargeful fashion , Which doth amount to three-odd ducats more Than I stand debted to this gentleman .	The total due is about three ducats more than I owe this gentleman .
Made she no verbal question ?	She didn ’ t ask anything ?
Ay , by heaven , my lord .	Yes , by heaven , my lord .
Thou didst prevent me ; I had peopled else This isle with Calibans .	You stopped me ; I would have populated This island with Calibans .
Thou teachest me .	You teach me how I should act .
Come , sir , you peevishly threw it to her , and her will is it should be so returned .	You threw it at her rudely , and she wants you to take it back .
Do I look like a cudgel or a hovel-post , a staff or a prop ?	What am I , a cane ?
Speak .	Speak .
Caius Ligarius doth bear Caesar hard , Who rated him for speaking well of Pompey .	Caius Ligarius doesn ’ t like Caesar , who berated him for speaking well of Pompey .
What , have you lost your wits ?	Are you crazy ?
This is Trebonius .	This is Trebonius .
Oh , the more angel she , And you the blacker devil !	Then she was even more an angel , and you ’ re an even blacker devil !
Here is my bed .	I ’ ll sleep over here .
Yea , marry , dost thou hear , Balthasar ?	Yes , do you hear me , Balthasar ?
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Transparent Helena !	Transparent Helena !
I think so too .	I think so too .
These vows are Hermia 's .	These vows are Hermia 's .
Let me speak a little .	Let ’ s go .
Hamlet , this pearl is thine ; Here 's to thy health .	Hamlet , this pearl is your , Here 's to your health .
How vexest thou this man !	Why are you bothering this poor man !
Most happy !	What good luck !
Fare you well at once .	I like you very much .
Tis pity that thou liv ’ st To walk where any honest men resort .	It ’ s a shame that you walk the streets with all the honest men .
Aside .	Aside .
But few of any sort , and none of name .	Not many , and no one important .
Cassio , may you suspect Who they should be that have thus mangled you ?	Cassio , do you any idea Who they are that have mangled you like this ?
Go , get thee gone , I say .	Get out of here , you measly , lying wretch .
Remember First to possess his books , for without them He ’ s but a sot , as I am , nor hath not One spirit to command .	Just remember to grab his books first , since without them he ’ s just a poor fool like me , and can ’ t command a single spirit .
Come hither , come !	Come here .
And , friends , disperse yourselves .	Friends , go your separate ways .
First resolve me that .	Answer me that first .
Come on ; We 'll visit Caliban my slave , who never Yields us kind answer .	Come on ; We 'll visit Caliban my slave , who never Gives us a kind answer .
Ready , so please your grace .	Ready , if it pleases your Grace .
Tell us where ' tis , that we may take it thence And bear it to the chapel .	Tell us where it is , that we may take it from there , And carry it to the chapel .
O , what men dare do !	Oh , the things men dare to do !
Dost thou hear ?	Do you hear me ?
I dare avouch it , sir .	Yes , I do .
Peace !	Quiet !
I had as lief be wooed of a snail .	I ’ d rather be wooed by a snail .
Pray thee , go seek him , and bring him to my tent .	Go find him , please , and bring him to my tent .
I wish your enterprise today may thrive .	I wish your undertaking today may thrive .
Dost thou hear , Iago ?	Do you hear what I ’ m saying , Iago ?
Sword ” is an oath , and oaths must have their course .	By this sword ” is an oath , and oaths must be kept .
Of what color ?	Of what
A parlous boy !	A mischievous child .
Ay , sir .	Yes , sir .
So ’ tis to thee .	It ’ s a big deal to you .
For me , I ’ ll not be gone till I please myself .	As for me , I ’ ll leave when I like .
How is ’ t , my noble lord ?	So how did it go , sir ?
So is mine . — Do you hear , monster ?	Mine too . — Are you listening , monster ?
What else ?	What else ?
How now , you secret , black , and midnight hags ?	What ’ s going on here , you secret , evil , midnight hags ?
What noise is that ?	What ’ s that noise ?
His hour is almost past .	He ’ s almost late .
I warrant you , you shall find the ceremonies of the wars and the cares of it and the forms of it and the sobriety of it and the modesty of it to be otherwise .	I tell you , you would find the rituals of war and , I promise you , its ceremonies and its solicitudes and its forms and its gravity and its discipline all to be quite counter to all this noise .
Do you confess the bond ?	Do you acknowledge the contract ?
For your intent In going back to school in Wittenberg , It is most retrograde to our desire ; And we beseech you , bend you to remain Here in the cheer and comfort of our eye , Our chiefest courtier , cousin , and our son .	As for your intentions To go back to school in Wittenberg , Leaving here is not something that we want , And we beg you to give into remaining Here in the happiness and pleasure of our eyes , Our most important courtier , cousin , and our son .
But as I think — for truly would I speak , And now do I bethink me , so it is — I came with Hermia hither .	But I think — I want to tell you the truth , and now that I think about it , I think this is true — I came here with Hermia .
It is silliness to live when to live is torment , and then have we a prescription to die when death is our physician .	It is silliness to live when to live is torment ; and then we have a prescription to die when death is our physician .
O God , I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space , were it not that I have bad dreams .	O God , I could be put into a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space , if it were not that I have bad dreams .
Offended us you have not , but the king .	You didn ’ t offend us , you offended the king .
Since my young lady ’ s going into France , sir , the fool hath much pined away .	Ever since Cordelia left for France , sir , the fool has been depressed .
Have you sent to Bottom 's house ?	Have you sent someone to Bottom 's house ?
It is the part of men to fear and tremble When the most mighty gods by tokens send Such dreadful heralds to astonish us .	Mankind ’ s role is to fear and tremble when the almighty gods send warning signals .
So will it fare with Claudio .	That ’ s how Claudio will respond .
How long have you been a sectary astronomical ?	How long have you believed in astrology ?
All ’ s cheerless , dark , and deadly .	Everything is gloomy , dark , and dreadful .
Stones have been known to move and trees to speak ; Augures and understood relations have By maggot pies and choughs and rooks brought forth The secret 'st man of blood .	Stones have been known to move , and trees to speak .
A truant disposition , good my lord .	A lazy disposition , my good lord .
Fare you well .	Farewell .
Why , here he comes , swelling like a turkey-cock .	And here he comes , puffing himself up like a turkey .
A very gentle beast , and of a good conscience .	A very gentle beast , and of a good conscience .
Then every soldier kill his prisoners .	Then every soldier must kill his prisoners .
The broken rancor of your high-swoll 'n hates , But lately splintered , knit , and joined together , Must gently be preserved , cherished , and kept .	We must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again .
My lord it shall be done .	My lord , I ’ ll do it right away .
I marvel your ladyship takes delight in such a barren rascal .	I ’ m surprised you enjoy the company of this stupid troublemaker .
Caesar , and that , having in Sicily Sextus Pompeius spoiled , we had not rated him His part o ’ th ’ isle .	He accuses me of withholding his share of Sextus Pompeius ’ possessions , which we seized in Sicily .
Believe me , sir , had I such venture forth , The better part of my affections would Be with my hopes abroad .	I ’ d be peering over maps to figure out the best ports , piers , and waterways .
Fiery ” ?	Passionate ” ?
I thank God , I thank God !	Thank God , thank God !
What a fearful night is this !	What a fearful night this is !
Hark , hark !	Listen , listen !
False , false .	No !
unlawfully ?	Unlawfully ?
I am content .	I am content .
Friends , Romans , countrymen , lend me your ears .	Friends , Romans , countrymen , give me your attention .
You say you are a better soldier .	You say you ’ re a better soldier .
Which , when I saw rehearsed , I must confess , Made mine eyes water — but more merry tears The passion of loud laughter never shed .	I have to admit that when I saw his suicide during rehearsal , I had tears in my eyes — but they were tears of laughter .
Ha !	Ha !
You draw me , you hard-hearted adamant .	You attract me to you , you cruel magnet !
Why , thou sayst well .	Well , that ’ s a fine answer .
Your sword upon a woman ?	Drawing your sword on a woman ?
Do , if it will not stand .	Yes , if it doesn ’ t stand still .
Is this true ?	Is that true ?
Filth , thou liest !	You piece of filth , you ’ re lying !
How now ?	What ’ s this ?
Why , saw you anything more wonderful ?	Why , have you seen anything more wonderful ?
Most true .	Yes !
Farewell .	Goodbye .
The English power is near , led on by Malcolm , His uncle Siward , and the good Macduff .	The English power is near , led on by Malcolm , His uncle Siward , and the good Macduff .
We know thy charge , Brakenbury , and will obey .	We know you have a job to do , Brakenbury , and we ’ ll do what you say .
Richmond is on the seas .	Richmond is sailing on the sea .
Give me your hand .	Give me your hand .
For , of my heart , those charms , thine eyes , are blotted .	I ’ ve shut the memory of your beautiful eyes out of my heart .
Amen .	Amen .
No more , no more .	No more , no more .
Had we fought , I doubt we should have been too young for them .	I think if we had fought , we would have proven too young and strong for them after all .
I had rather be a country servant-maid Than a great queen with this condition , To be so baited , scorned , and stormèd at .	I would rather be a country serving maid than a great queen if it meant I could escape your scorn and constant harassment .
This is the motley-minded gentleman that I have so often met in the forest .	This is the jester I have met so many times in the forest .
If he be not in love with some woman , there is no believing old signs .	If he ’ s not in love with a woman , then you can ’ t trust the usual symptoms .
seeing the apparel &ket; O King Stephano !	O King Stephano !
Let 's make us medicines of our great revenge , To cure this deadly grief .	Let 's make us medicines of our great revenge , To cure this deadly grief .
I will assume thy part in some disguise And tell fair Hero I am Claudio , And in her bosom I ’ ll unclasp my heart And take her hearing prisoner with the force And strong encounter of my amorous tale .	I ’ ll disguise myself as you and pour out “ my ” feelings to Hero , taking her prisoner with the force of my love story .
O sir , to wilful men , The injuries that they themselves procure Must be their schoolmasters .	Oh , sir , impetuous people learn their lessons from the consequences of their foolish actions .
yea , a Daniel !	Yes , a prophet !
If my lady have not called up her steward Malvolio and bid him turn you out of doors , never trust me .	Lady Olivia told her servant Malvolio to kick you out of the house .
O good old man , how well in thee appears The constant service of the antique world , When service sweat for duty , not for meed .	Oh , good old man , you ’ re a great example of that old work ethic , where people worked because it was their duty , not just for the money .
Let him be Caesar !	Let him become Caesar !
I am dumb .	I ’ m speechless .
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
By our beards ( if we had them ) , thou art .	By our beards ( if we had them ) , you are a knave .
Be Kent unmannerly When Lear is mad .	Kent can speak rudely when Lear goes mad .
Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground — long heath , brown furze , anything .	Right now , I would give a 220,000 yards of sea for an acre of bare ground ; a long wasteland , brown brush , anything .
Give you good morrow , sir .	Good day to you , sir .
With all my heart .	With all my heart .
Men should be what they seem ; Or those that be not , would they might seem none !	Men should be what they seem ; Or those that are not , I wish wouldn ’ t seem so !
But tell us , do you hear whether Antonio have had any loss at sea or no ?	But tell us , did you hear anything about Antonio ’ s loss at sea ?
Were you a woman , as the rest goes even , I should my tears let fall upon your cheek And say “ Thrice-welcome , drownèd Viola ! ” My father had a mole upon his brow .	If you were a woman , I ’ d hug you now and cry , and say “ Welcome back , drowned Viola ! ” My father had a mole on his forehead .
Not I but my affairs have made you wait .	I had business that made me late .
A quarrel , ho , already !	A quarrel , hey , already !
Give him a present .	You ’ re giving him a present ?
Thou dost speak masterly .	You ’ re absolutely right .
Thou say ’ st the king grows mad .	You say the king is losing his mind .
But this is from my commission .	But that ’ s not part of what I ’ m supposed to say .
No news of them ?	You couldn ’ t find out anything about them ?
A very fine one .	He ’ s a stylish man .
And speak parrot ?	Babbling senselessly ?
She wakes .	She awakes .
Nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .	Neither the sky nor the earth have been quiet tonight .
What is a man If his chief good and market of his time Be but to sleep and feed ?	Good night , ladies , good night , sweet ladies , good night , good night .
What stature is she of ?	How tall is she ?
Arm 'd , say you ?	He was armed , you say ?
By the mass , ' tis morning ; Pleasure and action make the hours seem short .	By the mass , it is morning ; Pleasure and work make the hours seem short .
Was he not here ?	Wasn ’ t he here ?
Fail not our feast .	Don ’ t forget to come to our feast .
Then ’ tis most like The sovereignty will fall upon Macbeth .	Then it is most likely that The crown will fall upon Macbeth .
Where dost thou hide thy head ?	Where are you hiding ?
Ay , Celia , we stayed her for your sake .	Yes , Celia , we kept her here for your sake .
Why should he call her “ whore ” ?	Why should he call her a whore ?
Therefore I promise ye I fear you .	That ’ s why I ’ m worried about you .
Not know me yet ?	Don ’ t you know me still ?
I could be well moved if I were as you .	I could be convinced if I were like you .
Therefore I took your hands , but was indeed Swayed from the point by looking down on Caesar .	I took your hands in friendship , but , indeed , I was distracted when I looked down at Caesar .
Thou bleed ’ st apace .	You ’ re bleeding a lot .
Look with thine ears .	Look with your ears .
We will haste us .	We ’ ll hurry .
What love could press Lysander from my side ?	But what love could make my Lysander leave me ?
Thyself shalt see the act .	You can see for yourself .
What committed !	What committed !
What from the cape can you discern at sea ?	What can you discern at sea from the cape ?
We do , my lord .	Yes , sir .
I would entreat you rather to put on Your boldest suit of mirth , for we have friends That purpose merriment .	I ’ d rather see you having fun , because we have friends coming who want to have fun .
It is both he and she : Your son and daughter .	Your daughter and son-in-law .
Tis now the very witching time of night , When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world .	This is the time of night when witches come out , when graveyards yawn open and the stench of hell seeps out .
She that would alter services with thee , The Fortunate Unhappy ” Daylight and champaign discovers not more .	Signed , she who would be your servant , The Fortunate Unhappy . ” This is as clear as sunlight in an open field .
My Lord — Ay , what ’ s o 'clock ?	Yes , what time is it ?
As gaming , my lord ?	As gaming , my lord .
It is the prince of palfreys .	He is the prince of horses .
Here is yet a postscript .	Here ’ s a postscript ! .
Who lies i ’ the second chamber ?	Who ’ s in the second chamber ?
Much good do you , scald knave , heartily .	I sincerely hope it does you good , mangy rascal .
In every good thing .	In every good thing they do .
Let Lucius and Titinius guard our door .	Have Lucius and Titinius guard the door .
What you have said I will consider ; what you have to say I will with patience hear , and find a time Both meet to hear and answer such high things .	I ’ ll think about what you ’ ve said ; I ’ ll patiently hear what you ’ ve to say , and find a time When I can both meet with you to hear and answer such high things .
Indeed they are disproportion 'd ; My letters say a hundred and seven galleys .	Indeed , they are out of proportion ; My letters say a hundred and seven galleys .
What simple thief brags of his own attaint ?	What foolish thief brags about his crimes ?
At such a time I 'll loose my daughter to him .	At such a time , I ’ ll make sure my daughter meets him .
As far , my lord , as will fill up the time ’ Twixt this and supper .	As far , my lord , as will fill up the time between this meeting and supper .
Thus ornament is but the guilèd shore To a most dangerous sea , the beauteous scarf Veiling an Indian beauty — in a word , The seeming truth which cunning times put on To entrap the wisest .	A lovely , cunning shore can distract a man from the perils of a stormy sea , just as a pretty scarf can hide a dangerous dark-skinned beauty .
I am the son of Marcus Cato , ho !	I am the son of Marcus Cato !
And I remember the wooing of a peascod instead of her , from whom I took two cods and , giving her them again , said with weeping tears , “ Wear these for my sake . ” We that are true lovers run into strange capers .	I remember wooing a pea plant in her name , and then taking two pea pods and begging her to wear them “ for my sake . ” Those of us who are really in love will do the strangest things .
Pardon me , good lady ; For , by these blessed candles of the night , Had you been there , I think , you would have begg 'd The ring of me to give the worthy doctor .	Pardon me , good lady ; Because , by these blessed candles of the night , If you had been there , I think you would have begged The ring from me to give the worthy doctor .
The one is too like an image and says nothing , and the other too like my lady ’ s eldest son , evermore tattling .	One of them is too much like a painting of a man — he never speaks — and the other is too much like a spoiled little boy , always chattering .
And yet I fear you , for you are fatal then When your eyes roll so .	And yet I fear you ; because you are deadly When your eyes roll so .
had I but the means To hold a rival place with one of them , I have a mind presages me such thrift , That I should questionless be fortunate .	If I only had the means To compete with one of them , I have a mind that predicts such good luck for me That I will undoubtedly be a very lucky one .
Look you pale , mistress ?	Do you Look pale , mistress ?
But , O vain boast !	But , O vain boast !
Do not you love me ?	Do you love me ?
If ill , Why hath it given me earnest of success , Commencing in a truth ?	If it ’ s bad , Why has it given me promise of success , That began with a truth ?
I therefore vouch again That with some mixtures powerful o 'er the blood Or with some dram , conjured to this effect , He wrought upon her .	Therefore I say again that he must have used some powerful drug or magic potion on her .
I know his gait , ’ tis he . — Villain , thou diest !	I know the sound of his walk . — Die , villain !
Take thy face hence .	Get out of my sight .
My lord , I have remembrances of yours That I have longed long to redeliver .	My lord , I have mementos of yours That I have longed to re-deliver to you for a long time .
Now , where ’ s my wife ?	So , where ’ s my wife ?
Oh , no , good Kate .	Hardly , Kate .
Neighbors and friends , though bride and bridegroom wants For to supply the places at the table , You know there wants no junkets at the feast .	Neighbors and friends , though we don ’ t have anyone for the bride and bridegroom ’ s places at the table , you know there ’ s nothing missing in the feast itself .
Would Katherine had never seen him , though !	Maybe , but I wish I ’ d never laid eyes on him .
Why , thy godhead laid apart , Warr ’ st thou with a woman ’ s heart ?	Why do you pity him ?
I found it in my chamber , And he himself confessed but even now That there he dropped it for a special purpose Which wrought to his desire .	I found it in my room , and Iago just confessed that he put it there for his own purposes .
This , in obedience , hath my daughter shown me ; And more above , hath his solicitings , As they fell out by time , by means , and place , All given to mine ear .	This my daughter has shown this to me in obedience , And furthermore , has his gifts , Which she has described to me by the time , by means , and place they were received .
Hast thou the flower there ?	Do you have the flower ?
My deeds upon my head !	My deeds on my head !
I say I will make him eat some part of my leek , or I will peat his pate four days . — Bite , I pray you .	I tell you , I ’ ll either make him eat some part of this leek or give him a four-day head-bashing . — Go on , bite .
As strange as the thing I know not .	It ’ s as strange as this other thing which I don ’ t understand .
But here the lady comes .	But here she comes .
These Moors are changeable in their wills : — fill thy purse with money .	Fill your purse with money .
That I did love the Moor to live with him , My downright violence and storm of fortunes May trumpet to the world .	When I fell in love with Othello I made up my mind that I wanted to live with him .
What should a man do but be merry ?	What can you do but be happy ?
Give ’ s your hand .	Let ’ s shake on it .
Sir , his definement suffers no perdition in you ; though , I know , to divide him inventorially would dizzy the arithmetic of memory , and yet but yaw neither , in respect of his quick sail .	Sir , his refinement suffers no lie from you , although , I know , to divide him like an inventor would make the memory dizzy with arithmetic , and yet not off course , in regard to his quick sail .
Tis strange .	It ’ s very strange .
This may prove food to my displeasure .	This just may cheer me up .
What did you enact ?	What role did you play ?
No , my heart is turned to stone ; I strike it , and it hurts my hand .	No , my heart is turned to stone ; I hit it , and it hurts my hand .
When thou once Wast beaten from Modena , where thou slew ’ st Hirtius and Pansa , consuls , at thy heel Did famine follow , whom thou fought ’ st against , Though daintily brought up , with patience more Than savages could suffer .	And even though you were brought up as a gentleman , you patiently tolerated more hardships than savages could withstand .
There is tears for his love , joy for his fortune , honor for his valor , and death for his ambition .	There are tears for his love , joy for his fortune , honor for his bravery , and death for his ambition .
Caesar ?	Caesar ?
Why I should fear I know not , Since guiltiness I know not ; but yet I feel I fear .	Why I should fear , I don ’ t know , Since I don ’ t know guiltiness , but yet I feel I fear .
We therefore have great cause of thankfulness And shall forget the office of our hand Sooner than quittance of desert and merit According to the weight and worthiness .	Yes , I have great cause to be thankful .
If thou consider rightly of the matter , Caesar has had great wrong .	If you think about it correctly , Caesar has suffered a great wrong .
My father watches .	Father is on the lookout .
Riotous madness , To be entangled with those mouth-made vows Which break themselves in swearing !	It was wild insanity to believe promises made by the mouth and not the heart .
But let me to my fortune and the caskets .	But let me try my luck on the boxes .
The gods forbid !	The gods forbid !
Alack , what noise is this ?	For pity ’ s sake , what ’ s this noise ?
Where are these lads ?	Where are these lads ?
As thou art to thyself .	As you are to yourself .
I found it in my chamber .	I found it in my bedroom .
And , Demetrius , The more you beat me , I will fawn on you .	The more you beat me , the more I ’ ll love you .
I have it ready for thee ; here it is .	I have it ready for you ; here it is .
Such wind as scatters young men through the world To seek their fortunes farther than at home , Where small experience grows .	The wind that scatters young men throughout the world , encouraging them to seek their fortunes some place other than home , where there ’ s little to be found in the way of experience .
A Daniel come to judgment !	A prophet from the Bible come to judgment !
Well , if you were but an inch of fortune better than I , where would you choose it ?	Well , if you could have just an inch of better fortune than me , where would you like the improvement ?
The Count Claudio shall marry the daughter of Leonato .	The Count Claudio will marry Leonato ’ s daughter .
You are wel- come to Elsinore .	You are welcome to Elsinore .
I did not see him since .	I haven ’ t seen him recently .
My lord , I am for you , though it cost me ten nights ' watchings .	My lord , I will help you , even if it means I have to stay awake for ten nights straight .
Two things provided more : that for this favor He presently become a Christian ; The other , that he do record a gift Here in the court , of all he dies possessed , Unto his son Lorenzo and his daughter .	Second , he must make a will here in this court that leaves all his property to his son-in-law Lorenzo and his daughter when he dies .
I speak not to disprove what Brutus spoke , But here I am to speak what I do know .	I don ’ t speak to disprove what Brutus spoke , But I ’ m here to speak what I know .
Good sister , wrong me not nor wrong yourself , To make a bondmaid and a slave of me .	Dear sister , it ’ s unfair to me — and unfair to yourself — to turn me into a slave .
If to have done the thing you gave in charge Beget your happiness , be happy then , For it is done .	If my doing what you told me to makes you happy , then be happy , because I did it .
Help !	Help !
He is the brooch indeed And gem of all the nation .	That ’ s the right answer — it shows your love .
Before the time I did Lysander see , Seem 'd Athens as a paradise to me .	Before I started seeing Lysander , Athens seemed like a paradise to me .
Tears seven times salt , Burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye !	May He bless you , too .
Get you to bed on th ' instant , I will be returned Forthwith .	Go to bed right this minute .
Here , thou incestuous , murderous , damned Dane , Drink off this potion !	Here , you incestuous , murderous , damned Dane , Drink this potion .
For the meat , sir , it shall be covered .	As for the food , it will be served in covered dishes .
Come on .	Come on .
I prithee , foolish Greek , depart from me .	Please , fool , go away .
He cannot be heard of .	No one ’ s heard from him .
To this effect , sir , after what flourish your nature will .	With my meaning , sir , however you want to say it .
Was this ambition ?	Was this ambition ?
Good Corporal Nym , show thy valor and put up your sword .	Corporal Nym , be a man and put away your sword .
Not I , my lord , by heaven !	Not I , my lord , by heaven .
Do you not hear , fellows ?	Didn ’ t you hear her , guys ?
The carriages , sir , are the hangers .	The carriages , sir , are the hangers .
What is thy name ?	My name ’ s Macbeth .
It was , as I have seen it in his life , A sable silvered .	It was just like in real life , dark brown with silver whiskers in it .
For two , and sound ones too .	And good ones , too .
You swore to me when I did give it you That you would wear it till your hour of death , And that it should lie with you in your grave .	You swore to me when I gave it to you that you would wear it till you died , and that it would be buried with you .
Is ’ t so , indeed .	Is that so ?
What , did they never whisper ?	Didn ’ t they ever whisper ?
To have a thousand with red burning spits Come hissing in upon ' em !	I see Regan and Goneril in hell — A thousand hissing devils with sizzling red pitchforks come up to them !
Searching the window for a flint , I found This paper , thus sealed up , and I am sure It did not lie there when I went to bed .	While I was looking for a flint to light it , I found this paper on the window , sealed up like this , and I ’ m sure it wasn ’ t there when I went to bed .
He is welcome hither .	He ’ s welcome here .
And sometime lurk I in a gossip ’ s bowl In very likeness of a roasted crab , And when she drinks , against her lips I bob And on her withered dewlap pour the ale .	When she takes a sip , I bob up against her lips and make her spill the drink all over her withered old neck .
But if we fail , We then can do ’ t at land .	Even if we fail at that , we can still fight him on land .
Why do you speak so faintly ?	Why are you whispering ?
We will hence forthwith To feast and sport us at thy father ’ s house .	We ’ re off to eat and whoop it up at your father ’ s house .
Now , infidel , I have thee on the hip .	Now , infidel , I have you at a disadvantage .
O brave new world , That has such people in ’ t !	Oh , what a wonderful new world , that has such people in it !
Prithee say on .	I beg you , continue .
I ’ ll set a bourn how far to be beloved .	I want to measure the extent of your love , to see how far it stretches .
There ’ s Dolabella sent from Caesar .	There ’ s Dolabella , who was sent from Caesar .
Villainous whore !	You evil whore !
I do not fear it , I have seen you both ; But since he is better 'd , we have therefore odds .	I have seen you both , But since he 's gotten better , we have , therefore , odds .
Ever note , Lucilius , When love begins to sicken and decay It useth an enforced ceremony .	Always note , Lucilius , When love begins to sicken and decay , It uses a stiff , cold ritual .
What didst not like ?	What didn ’ t you like ?
How came that widow in ?	How did she become a widow ?
By my troth , I will speak my conscience of the king .	I ’ ll tell you truly what I think about the king in my heart .
Ay , Desdemona .	Yes , Desdemona .
Sir , have pity ; I 'll be his surety .	Sir , have pity ; I 'll be his guarantee .
Well .	Well .
For Hecuba !	For Hecuba ?
Then do but say to me what I should do That in your knowledge may by me be done , And I am pressed unto it .	Just tell me what to do , and I ’ ll do it .
But , for true need — You heavens , give me that patience , patience I need .	Oh , gods , give me patience !
Marry , thou dost wrong me , thou dissembler , thou .	Indeed , you have wronged me , you liar .
Why , friends , you go to do you know not what .	Why , friends , you don ’ t even know what you ’ re doing yet .
O God !	Oh God !
Aside &ket; Their understanding &bra; Aside &ket; Their understanding Begins to swell , and the approaching tide Will shortly fill the reasonable shore That now lie foul and muddy .	Their understanding Begins to increase , and the approaching tide of understanding Will shortly fill the reasonable shores of their minds That are now corrupt and muddy .
Then I will come to my mother by and by .	I ’ ll go see my mother soon .
I desire no more delight Than to be under sail and gone tonight .	I want to head out tonight .
God quit you in His mercy .	May God in His mercy forgive you .
But by sea he is an absolute master .	But his navy rules the sea .
Here comes another troop to seek for you .	Here comes another group looking for you .
A good sharp fellow .	He ’ s very bright .
About it .	Let ’ s go .
My most dear lord !	My most dear lord !
Besides , his cote , his flocks , and bounds of feed Are now on sale , and at our sheepcote now , By reason of his absence , there is nothing That you will feed on .	Besides , his cottage , his flocks , and his grazing rights are on sale now , and since he ’ s not there , there ’ s nothing to eat at our house .
Moblèd queen ” is good .	The muffled queen ” is good .
Tell me where is fancy bred , Or in the heart , or in the head ?	Tell me where is fancy bred , In the heart or in the head , How begot , how nourished ?
He reads much , He is a great observer , and he looks Quite through the deeds of men .	He reads a lot ; He ’ s a great observer , and actually he looks Through the deeds of men .
A flatterer ’ s would not , though they do appear As huge as high Olympus .	No , a flatterer wouldn ’ t , even if the faults were as huge as Mount Olympus .
That is a step On which I must fall down , or else o 'erleap , For in my way it lies .	I must fall down on that Step , or jump over it , For it ’ s in my way .
hazard for lead ?	Gamble for lead !
My lord , I have news to tell you .	My lord , I have news for you .
I have spoke thus much To mitigate the justice of thy plea , Which if thou follow , this strict court of Venice Must needs give sentence ' gainst the merchant there .	If you pursue it , this strict court of Venice will need to carry out the sentence against the merchant there .
You stand .	You ’ re standing .
Merciful powers , Restrain in me the cursed thoughts that nature Gives way to in repose !	Merciful powers , Hold me back from the cursed thoughts that nature Gives way to when we sleep !
My Lord of Cambridge , and my kind Lord of Masham , And you , my gentle knight , give me your thoughts .	My Lord of Cambridge and my good Lord of Masham and you , my noble knight , what do you think ?
I prithee take the cork out of thy mouth , that I may drink thy tidings .	I ’ m begging you , take the cork out of your mouth so I can drink the news .
None does offend — none , I say , none .	You can ’ t blame anyone for it anyone , I say .
This fellow is wise enough to play the fool , And to do that well craves a kind of wit .	This guy ’ s wise enough to play the fool , and only clever people can do that .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
Sir , I obey the mandate , And will return to Venice .	Sir , I obey the mandate , And will return to Venice .
Let us score their backs And snatch ’ em up , as we take hares , behind !	Let ’ s slash their backs and grab ’ em like we do rabbits , from behind .
If he love her not , And he not from his reason fall 'n thereon Let me be no assistant for a state , But keep a farm and carters .	If he doesn ’ t love her , And he ’ s not gone crazy because of love , Let me be no assistant for a state , But be a farmer and horse carter .
I should ev 'n die with pity To see another thus .	I would die of pity to see someone else in my condition .
A spirit ?	A spirit ?
Avoid what is to come .	What is it , Laertes ?
In this , though I cannot be said to be a flattering honest man , it must not be denied but I am a plain-dealing villain .	Though I am not a flattering , righteous man , at least you can say that I am honest about being a villain .
I wonder at it .	I can ’ t believe it .
Presently away , For to strange sores strangely they strain the cure . — Come , lady , die to live .	Come , lady ; you must die in order to live .
Of what your reverence shall incite us to .	to wage war .
Silver !	Silver !
Under your pardon .	Excuse me .
I ’ ll ride home tomorrow , Sir Toby .	By the way , I ’ m going home tomorrow , Sir Toby .
Have I not reason , beldams as you are , Saucy and overbold ?	Don ’ t I have reason , hags that you are , Impudent and overbold ?
So to them both .	Give my answer to them both .
Time calls upon ’ s .	There isn ’ t much time .
Ay , gentle cousin , were it light enough .	Yes , gentle cousin , if it were light enough for you .
I do repent me that I put it to you .	I ’ m sorry I said anything .
Not I , my lord .	Not I , my lord .
Never hung poison on a fouler toad .	Poison never landed on such an ugly toad .
I your commission will forthwith dispatch , And he to England shall along with you .	I ’ m sending you to England on diplomatic business , and Hamlet will go with you .
Well , happiness to their sheets !	Well , good luck to them tonight in bed !
I charge thee , hence , and do not haunt me thus .	I order you , get far away from me and do not haunt me thus .
Dost thou hear , lady ?	Do you hear what I say , lady ?
Prithee , Emilia , Go know of Cassio where he supp 'd tonight .	I beg you , Emilia , Go find out about Cassio , where he had dinner tonight .
Yes , sooth , and so do you .	Of course he is , and so are you .
O dear !	Oh , dear !
Jove ’ s lightning , the precursors O ' th ' dreadful thunderclaps , more momentary And sight-outrunning were not .	I flashed about faster than lightning .
Truly , an obedient lady .	She ’ s obedient — a fine lady .
Bless thee , Bottom , bless thee .	God bless you , Bottom , God bless you .
Honest , my lord ?	Honest , my lord !
Where is thy luster now ?	Where ’ s your sparkle now ?
Will you ha ' the truth on 't ?	Will you know the truth about it ?
But near him thy angel Becomes afeard , as being o ’ erpowered .	But when you are with him , your angel is weakened and easily frightened .
What ’ s to do ?	Anyway , what should we do ?
He is knight , dubbed with unhatched rapier and on carpet consideration , but he is a devil in private brawl .	He ’ s a knight .
Let not your ears despise my tongue for ever , Which shall possess them with the heaviest sound That ever yet they heard .	Don ’ t let your ears hate what I ’ m going to say forever , Which will hit them with the heaviest sound That they have ever heard .
What 's this to my Lysander ?	What 's this got to do with my Lysander ?
A thing for me ?	A thing for me !
Tis meet I should be used so , very meet .	It ’ s fair for him to treat me like this , very fair .
As the cony that you see dwell where she is kindled .	Just like the rabbit , who lives where she is born .
The sky , it seems , would pour down stinking pitch , But that the sea , mounting to th ' welkin ’ s cheek , Dashes the fire out .	The sky ’ s so dark it looks like it would rain down boiling hot tar if the sea weren ’ t swelling up to the sky to put its fire out .
A friendly eye could never see such faults .	A friendly eye could never see such faults .
If the ill spirit have so fair a house , Good things will strive to dwell with ’ t .	If the devil had such a beautiful house as his body , then good things would fight to live in it .
What a strange drowsiness possesses them !	What a strange drowsiness possesses them !
Here are enemies .	There are enemies here .
Why , you speak like an ancient and most quiet watchman , for I cannot see how sleeping should offend .	Why , you speak like an experienced and quiet watchman .
Tis a pageant , To keep us in false gaze .	It ’ s a trick to confuse us .
Horses are tied by the heads , dogs and bears by the neck , monkeys by the loins , and men by the legs .	You tie up horses by their heads , dogs and bears by their necks , monkeys by their waists , and humans by their legs .
And Trinculo is reeling ripe .	And Trinculo ’ s drunk .
Twas a rough night .	It was a rough night .
That ’ s twice .	Now I ’ ve said it twice .
What is the matter , ho ?	What is the matter , ho ?
Who calls ?	Who ’ s calling ?
It becomes The thronèd monarch better than his crown .	It looks better in a king than his own crown looks on him .
I pray you all , If you have hitherto concealed this sight , Let it be tenable in your silence still .	I ask you , if you ’ ve kept this a secret , keep doing so .
A strange fish !	A strange fish .
Why have you left the chamber ?	Why did you leave the dining room ?
Wonder not Nor be grieved .	And there ’ s no need for wonder or worry .
Stand there !	Stop there !
Marry , beshrew my hand If it should give your age such cause of fear .	Curse my hand if it ever threatened an old man like you .
How say you now ?	What do you say now ?
Who is here so rude that would not be a Roman ?	Who here is so rude that they wouldn ’ t be a Roman ?
It is a good divine that follows his own instructions : I can easier teach twenty what were good to be done , than be one of the twenty to follow mine own teaching .	It is a good prophet that follows his own instructions ; It ’ s easier for me to teach twenty people what was good to do than to be one of that twenty and follow my own teaching .
Troth , I think your other rebato were better .	Really , I think your other ruff is better .
I will forget my nature .	I want to forget what I am .
And they that are most gallèd with my folly , They most must laugh .	And whoever is most irritated by my foolishness has to laugh the hardest .
O murderous slave !	O murderous slave !
Nothing extenuate , Nor set down aught in malice .	But enough about that .
But break , my heart , for I must hold my tongue !	But , break my heart , for I must be silent !
Brutus , a word with you .	Brutus , may I have a word with you ?
He that will think to live till he be old , Give me some help !	Oh , help me , anyone who wants to live long !
Alas , thrice gentle Cassio !	Alas , thrice-gentle Cassio !
But I , who never knew how to entreat , Nor never needed that I should entreat , Am starved for meat , giddy for lack of sleep , With oaths kept waking and with brawling fed .	But I , who have never known how to beg and never had to beg , am starved for food , dizzy with lack of sleep , kept awake with curses and fed with brawling .
Your mistress sent to have me home to dinner ?	Your mistress sent for me to come to dinner ?
I am loath to tell you what I would you knew .	I ’ m reluctant to tell you what I wish you knew .
Feed and sleep .	Eat and sleep .
One woe doth tread upon another 's heel , So fast they follow .	One sorrow walks on the heels of another , Following too fast .
No , Messala .	No , Messala .
He lives that loves thee better than he could .	There is a man who loves you better than your husband could .
What , ho !	What , ho !
Let me go with him .	Let me go with him .
Stay , madam .	Wait , madam .
Stand !	Halt !
Methinks it sounds a parley to provocation .	I think it looks like an invitation to excitement .
In some bush ?	Are you behind some bush ?
It is a monster Begot upon itself , born on itself .	It ’ s like a monster that just grows and grows , out of nothing .
Saint Valentine is past ; Begin these wood-birds but to couple now ?	Saint Valentine ’ s Day is past ; Do these forest-birds begin only now to make a couple ?
And neigh , and bark , and grunt , and roar , and burn , Like horse , hound , hog , bear , fire , at every turn .	And I ’ ll neigh like a horse and bark like a hound and grunt like a pig and roar like a bear and burn like a fire at every turn .
Fair lady , do you think you have fools in hand ?	Do you think you ’ ve got a couple of fools on your hands here ?
So I to her and so she yields to me , For I am rough and woo not like a babe .	I ’ m that great gust to her fire .
Is it within reason and compass ?	Is it within reason and can be done ?
Then follow me and give me audience , friends .	Then follow me and listen to my speech , friends .
And leave us , Publius , lest that the people , Rushing on us , should do your age some mischief .	And leave us , Publius , in case the people storming us should harm you .
Wash me in steepdown gulfs of liquid fire !	Wash me in steep-down gulfs of liquid fire !
Why , man ?	Why , man ?
Well , sir , good night .	Well sir , good night .
What ’ s his fault ?	Why , what did he do ?
Take that of me , my friend , who have the power To seal th ' accuser ’ s lips .	Believe me , my friend , since I have the power to stop the prosecutors .
I pull in resolution and begin To doubt the equivocation of the fiend That lies like truth .	I reign in my resolution and begin To doubt the lie of the fiend That lies the same as telling the truth .
But was not this nigh shore ?	But wasn ’ t this near the shore ?
I pray you , then , in love and dear alliance , Let that one article rank with the rest , And thereupon give me your daughter .	In that case , I ask that for the sake of friendship and alliance you let that one item stand with the rest , and bestow your daughter on me .
She cannot love Nor take no shape nor project of affection She is so self-endeared .	She can ’ t even imagine what “ love ” is .
Come , go with me apart ; I will withdraw , To furnish me with some swift means of death For the fair devil .	Come , go aside with me ; I will leave so I can Equip me with some swift means of death For the beautiful devil .
It is the part of men to fear and tremble When the most mighty gods by tokens send Such dreadful heralds to astonish us .	It is part of men to be afraid and tremble When the most mighty gods send Lightening to astonish us .
Now , fair befall thee , good Petruchio !	May good fortune come to you , good Petruchio !
If this were true , then should I know this secret .	If that were true , then I ’ d know your secret .
If you have any pity , grace , or manners , You would not make me such an argument .	If you had any sense of pity , or manners , you wouldn ’ t pretend to fight over me like this .
Prithee , listen well .	I beg you , listen well .
I am so much a fool , should I stay longer It would be my disgrace and your discomfort .	If I stay longer , I ’ ll embarrass you and disgrace myself by crying .
Resolve yourselves apart : I 'll come to you anon .	I 'll come to you in a minute .
What make you from home ?	What are doing away from home ?
I have inly wept , Or should have spoke ere this .	I have wept inside , Or should have spoken before this .
Close by , my master .	Close by , my master .
And Benedick is not the unhopefulest husband that I know .	And Benedick is not the worst husband I can think of .
I cry your worships ' mercy , heartily . — I beseech your worship ’ s name .	I beg your pardon , sirs . — Please tell me your name , sir ?
Is ’ t possible , my lord ?	Is this possible , my lord ?
Those are the raisèd father and his friends .	That ’ s her father and his friends , who ’ ve been roused out of bed .
Vengeance , plague , death , confusion !	Damn it all to hell !
It should seem then , that Dobbin 's tail grows backward : I am sure he had more hair of his tail , than I have of my face , when I last saw him .	It should seem , then , that Dobbin 's tail grows backward ; I am sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him .
Where do I dwell ?	Where do I live ?
Tis true .	It ’ s true .
Good morrow , neighbor Baptista .	Good morning , neighbor Baptista .
Far more , far more , to you do I decline .	I don ’ t owe her any duty — it ’ s you that I submit to .
Nay , had she been true , If heaven would make me such another world Of one entire and perfect chrysolite , I 'ld not have sold her for it .	No , had she been true , If heaven would make me such another world Of one entire and perfect crystal , I wouldn ’ t have sold her for it .
Good people , enter and lay hold on him .	Gentlemen , go in there and grab him .
I ’ ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked .	I ’ ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones .
But , alas , Caesar must bleed for it .	But , unfortunately , Caesar has to bleed if we ’ re going to stop him .
She did indeed .	Yes , she did tell us .
Give me a taper , call up all my people !	Wake up my whole household !
That is the very defect of the matter , sir .	That is the very defect of the matter , sir .
It is not well done , mark you now , to take the tales out of my mouth ere it is made and finished .	It is not courteous , you know , to assume you know my meaning before I ’ ve finished talking .
Madman and beggar too .	Is it a beggar ?
Come , come , Nerissa ; for I long to see Quick Cupid 's post that comes so mannerly .	Come , come , Nerissa , because I long to see Quick Cupid 's messenger that comes so politely .
And this .	Take these too .
I hope now thou art not drowned .	I hope you ’ re not drowned .
Calphurnia !	Calphurnia !
Look , he stirs .	Look , he ’ s moving .
I am qualmish at the smell of leek .	The smell of leek turns my stomach .
Hortensio , have you told him all her faults ?	Have you told him all her faults , Hortensio ?
Kind and dear princess !	Kind and dear princess !
No , that same wicked bastard of Venus that was begot of thought , conceived of spleen , and born of madness , that blind rascally boy that abuses everyone ’ s eyes because his own are out , let him be judge how deep I am in love .	Cupid — that blind bastard son of Venus , conceived from a thought and anger , born from insanity , that blind , naughty boy who makes everyone else go blind just because he can ’ t see himself — let Cupid judge how deep my love runs .
Inform her full of my particular fear , And thereto add such reasons of your own As may compact it more .	Add details of your own to back up what I ’ m saying .
Perhaps some merchant hath invited him , And from the mart he ’ s somewhere gone to dinner .	Maybe some merchant at the marketplace invited him home for lunch .
You are a fool ; go to .	You are a fool ; be quiet .
There ’ s hope in ’ t yet .	We still have hope .
Good night , honest Iago .	Good night , honest Iago .
Soft stillness and the night Become the touches of sweet harmony .	Stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music .
But manhood is melted into curtsies , valor into compliment , and men are only turned into tongue , and trim ones too .	All this conversing has turned men into tongues — and fancy ones , at that .
What a full fortune does the thicklips owe , If he can carry 't thus !	What great luck the thick lips have , If he can get away with this !
Say you ?	What do you have to say for yourself ?
Most constantly .	The whole time .
Cast on no water .	Leave out the water .
The thane of Fife had a wife .	The thane of Fife had a wife .
Wherefore did you so ?	What did you do that for ?
Nay , I have ta 'en you napping , gentle love , And have forsworn you with Hortensio .	Hortensio and I have given you up .
Moth !	Moth !
Wake when some vile thing is near .	Wake when some vile thing is near .
I will not .	I won ’ t .
Are you he ?	It is .
By my troth , Nerissa , my little body is a-weary of this great world .	Honestly , Nerissa , my little body is weary of this great world .
Give you good night .	Good night .
Never was monarch better feared and loved Than is your Majesty .	There never was a monarch better feared and loved than yourself , your Majesty .
But , O , what form of prayer Can serve my turn ?	But , O , what form of prayer Can help me ?
Good sooth , even thus .	Yes , just like this .
For no kind of traffic Would I admit .	I wouldn ’ t allow any commerce .
Heaven preserve you !	And harm is getting close !
Will you mock at an ancient tradition begun upon an honorable respect and worn as a memorable trophy of predeceased valor , and dare not avouch in your deeds any of your words ?	You mock an ancient tradition , born of reverence and worn in honor of brave men who have died , and then have the gall not to stand by your words .
Thou dost snore distinctly ; There 's meaning in thy snores .	You snore distinctly : There 's meaning in your snores .
The sooner , sweet , for you .	Very soon , because you want it .
Shake it off .	Shake it off .
Think and die .	Think about our situation , then die .
I confess two sleeves .	I admit two sleeves .
That ’ s my brave lord !	That ’ s my brave lord !
I have a venturous fairy that shall seek The squirrel ’ s hoard and fetch thee new nuts .	I have an adventurous fairy who ’ ll go seek out the squirrel ’ s secret stash and get you some fresh nuts .
O dear discretion , how his words are suited !	Oh , dear judgment , how his words are suited !
How do you , sir ?	How are you , sir ?
O most dear mistress , The sun will set before I shall discharge What I must strive to do .	O most dear mistress , The sun will set before I finish What I must work to do .
Up , up , and see The great doom ’ s image !	Get up , get up , and look at this image of doomsday !
By my faith , you have great reason to be sad .	Well then , you have good reason to be sad .
I know I can do it .	I know I can do it .
Gentleman , God save thee .	Hello , sir .
A gentle scroll . — Fair lady , by your leave : I come by note , to give and to receive .	Beautiful lady , excuse me ; I come off to the side , to give and to receive .
Post back with speed and tell him what hath chanced .	Get back to him quickly speed , and tell him what has happened .
sola , sola !	Hey , hey !
I think I had .	But if
It was ourself thou didst abuse .	You abused me to my face .
Tis true , my lords , he did .	It ’ s true , my lords , he did .
Thou 'rt mad to say it !	You ’ re crazy to say that !
I pray you call them in .	Please invite them in .
A heavy summons lies like lead upon me , And yet I would not sleep .	A serious calling lies on me like lead , And still I couldn 't sleep .
I have no will to wander forth of doors , Yet something leads me forth .	I don ’ t want to go out of doors , Yet something leads me there .
Truly , the lady fathers herself . — Be happy , lady , for you are like an honorable father .	Congratulations , lady : you resemble a most honorable man .
What , have you lost your wits ?	What , have you lost your wits ?
If any , speak — for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , for it is he whom I ’ ve offended .
Whereto serves mercy But to confront the visage of offence ?	What use is mercy Except to confront the face of offense ?
For indeed , who would set his wit to so foolish a bird ?	Who ’ d waste his time talking to such a stupid bird ?
Is it a world to hide virtues in ?	Is this the kind of world where we hide our accomplishments ?
Here ’ s a change indeed !	Things have certainly changed !
I may say “ thrusting ” it , For piercing steel and darts envenomèd Shall be as welcome to the ears of Brutus As tidings of this sight .	I say “ force ” because Brutus would rather I stuck sharp blades and poisoned arrows in his ears than fill them with this .
It is my duty , sir .	It is my duty , sir .
A foolish heart , that I leave here behind .	My stupid heart , which I ’ m leaving behind here .
Good Lord , how bright and goodly shines the moon !	Good Lord , how bright and splendid is the moon tonight !
It is a business of some heat .	I think it ’ s important .
Mine ’ s not an idle cause .	The law ’ s on my side .
Is there any ships put forth tonight ?	Are any ships leaving tonight ?
And be all traitors that do so ?	And are all traitors like that ?
O , banish me , my lord , but kill me not !	O , banish me , my lord , but don ’ t kill me !
Of the King 's ship , The mariners , say how thou hast disposed , And all the rest o 'th ’ fleet .	Tell me how you have disposed Of the King 's ship , the sailors , And all the rest of the fleet ?
Then take him up and manage well the jest .	Well , take him on up and we ’ ll try to pull it off .
Bring me a father that so loved his child , Whose joy of her is overwhelmed like mine , And bid him speak of patience .	Find a father who loved his child as overwhelmingly as I loved Hero and ask
How is ’ t with me when every noise appals me ?	What ’ s happening to me , that I ’ m frightened of every noise ?
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Yet is this no charm for the toothache . — Old Signior , walk aside with me .	This chatter is no cure for my toothache .
You gentle Romans — Peace , ho !	You gentle Romans — Quiet there !
Hold , take thou that and that .	Take that , and that !
Sweet lord , if your lordship were at leisure , I should impart a thing to you from his Majesty .	Sweet lord , if your lordship were not busy , I should impart a thing to you from his majesty .
Why , by making him uncapable of Othello 's place ; knocking out his brains .	Why , by making him incapable of Othello 's place ; knocking his brains out .
Where is he , in his bed ?	Where is he , in his bed ?
Prithee , Horatio , tell me one thing .	I beg you , Horatio , tell me one thing .
He dares not come there for the candle .	He can ’ t go in there because of the candle .
Tomorrow shall you bear our full intent Back to our brother England .	Tomorrow , I ’ ll let you know what I ’ ve decided and what answer you should deliver to the king of England .
My heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .	My heart is thirsty for that noble promise .
Not so hot .	Not so fast .
Oh , did he so ?	Oh , did he ?
Did I not tell you she was innocent ?	Didn ’ t I tell you she was innocent ?
No man ’ s life was to be trusted with them .	No one ’ s life should have been entrusted to them .
So all .	So will we all .
No child but Hero ; she ’ s his only heir .	Hero is his only child , and his only heir .
Not where he eats , but where he is eaten .	Not where he eats , but where he is eaten .
At mine own house , good lady .	My own house , good lady .
Popilius Lena speaks not of our purposes ; For , look , he smiles , and Caesar doth not change .	Popilius Lena doesn ’ t speak about our plan , Because , look , he smiles , and Caesar doesn ’ t notice anything .
Pray God , he keep his oath !	I hope to God he keeps his promise !
But with much forcing of his disposition .	But with much forcing to make himself do it .
Do not torment me .	Don ’ t hurt me .
Come , we ’ ll have him in a dark room and bound .	Come on , let ’ s put him in a dark room and tie him up .
I will hear that play ; For never anything can be amiss When simpleness and duty tender it .	I will hear that play , Because nothing can ever be wrong When simpleness and duty give it freely .
Know , Caesar doth not wrong , nor without cause Will he be satisfied .	Caesar has never been wrong , only with good reason , And he will not be satisfied without good reason .
This is some minx ’ s token , and I must take out the work ?	This is a love token from some other slut , and you want me to copy its pattern for you ?
She desires to speak with you in her closet ere you go to bed .	She wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to bed .
Now Mercury endue thee with leasing , for thou speakest well of fools !	You speak so highly of fools !
And every object that might make me fear Misfortune to my ventures out of doubt Would make me sad .	Everything that made me worry about my ships would make me sad .
Let me work ; For I can give his humor the true bent , And I will bring him to the Capitol .	I ’ ll work on this , Because I can give his state of mind true purpose , And I ’ ll bring him to the Capitol .
Love wrought these miracles .	It was love that performed these miracles .
Let ’ t be so , good Corporal Nym .	How about it , Corporal Nym ?
Why do you speak , too , “ Why blame you me to love you ? ” ?	Who are you talking to ?
Did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief ?	Was Queen Cordelia aggrieved by the letters you delivered ?
You were sent for ; and there is a kind of confession in your looks , which your modesties have not craft enough to colour .	You were sent for , and there is a kind of confession in your looks , which you are not very good at hiding .
One aloof stand sentinel .	One of you , stand sentinel over there .
I could marry this wench for this device .	I could marry that Maria for thinking this up .
This to your Majesty ; this to the Queen .	This one to your majesty , this one to the queen .
Marcus Luccicos , is not he in town ?	Is Marcus Luccicos in town ?
And do you , Gratiano , mean good faith ?	And you , Gratiano , are you sincere ?
And did not they Put on my brows this wreath of victory And bid me give it thee ?	And didn ’ t they place the wreath of victory on my brow and order me to give it to you ?
I 'll not serve him ; he 's not valiant .	I won ’ t serve him : he ’ s not valiant .
And so I am , I am .	And I am , I am .
Poor venomous fool Be angry and dispatch .	Poor poisonous fool , be angry and bite .
I have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking .	I ’ m not much of a drinker .
Did I not bid thee meet me in the park And bring along these rascal knaves with thee ?	Didn ’ t I tell you to meet me outside and bring these morons with you ?
A very forward March-chick !	A lively young one !
Therefore in my presence still smile , dear my sweet , I prithee . ”	Please smile whenever you ’ re near me , my dearest darling . ”
So smooth he daubed his vice with show of virtue That , his apparent open guilt omitted — I mean his conversation with Shore ’ s wife — He lived from all attainder of suspects .	He was so slick in covering over his plans that if it hadn ’ t been for his love affair with Shore ’ s wife , I would never have suspected him .
To punish me for what you make me do Seems much unequal .	It ’ s not fair to punish me for something you make me do .
By the world , I think my wife be honest and think she is not .	I swear , I think my wife ’ s faithful , and I think she ’ s not .
Thus when I shun Scylla your father , I fall into Charybdis your mother .	When you avoid one trap , you fall into another .
Here 's a knocking indeed !	Here 's loud knocking indeed !
The one of them imports The death of Cassio to be undertook By Roderigo .	This one talks about how Roderigo should kill Cassio .
Is not this man jealous ?	This man isn ’ t jealous ?
When thou wakest , if she be by , Beg of her for remedy .	Young man , when you wake up , if she ’ s nearby , beg her to cure your lovesickness .
High and mighty , you shall know I am set naked on your kingdom .	High and mighty , You shall know I am set naked on your kingdom .
Tis not to make me jealous To say my wife is fair , feeds well , loves company , Is free of speech , sings , plays , and dances well ; Where virtue is , these are more virtuous .	It won ’ t make me jealous , To say my wife is beautiful , cooks well , loves company , Is free of speech , sings , plays , and dances well ; Where virtue is , these are more virtuous .
How fares my lord ?	My lord , how are you feeling ?
Well then , now Have you considered of my speeches ?	Well , did you think about what I said ?
Speak to her , Hamlet .	Speak to her , Hamlet .
What poor an instrument May do a noble deed !	What a poor instrument , that can do such a noble deed !
Therefore the Dukes of Berri and of Brittany , Of Brabant and of Orléans , shall make forth , And you , Prince Dauphin , with all swift dispatch , To line and new-repair our towns of war With men of courage and with means defendant .	Therefore the dukes of Berri , Bretagne , Brabant , and Orléans shall advance , and you , Prince Dauphin , will swiftly entrench and fortify our fortress towns with men of courage and the means to defend themselves .
And what art thou , thou idol ceremony ?	And what is this useless ceremony of kings ?
Abhorrèd slave , Which any print of goodness wilt not take , Being capable of all ill !	Disgusting slave , In which any type of goodness won ’ t take hold , Being capable of every evil !
O day and night , but this is wondrous strange !	My God , this is unbelievably strange .
Let us deal justly .	Let ’ s give a fair verdict .
Hast thou forgot The foul witch Sycorax , who with age and envy Was grown into a hoop ?	Have you forgotten the horrid witch Sycorax , stooped over with old age and ill will ?
Only I yield to die .	I ’ d rather die .
You know the law .	You know the law .
Pah !	Whew !
O my breast , Thy hope ends here !	O my heart , Your hope ends here !
Out and alas , that was my lady ’ s voice .	Oh , no , that was my lady ’ s voice .
I find you passing gentle .	I find you quite gentle .
Rarely , rarely .	Excellently , excellently .
Was Milan thrust from Milan , that his issue Should become kings of Naples ?	Was the Duke of Milan kicked out of Milan so his children could become kings of Naples ?
If you have lost him : Why , I have lost him too .	If you have lost him , Why , I have lost him too .
Oh my fair warrior !	My beautiful warrior !
The four strangers seek for you , madam , to take their leave : and there is a forerunner come from a fifth , the Prince of Morocco ; who brings word , the prince , his master , will be here to-night .	The four strangers are looking for you , madam , to say their goodbyes , and there is a messenger come from a fifth , the Prince of Morocco , who brings word the Prince , his master , will be here tonight .
Would ?	Would ?
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
How shalt thou hope for mercy , rendering none ?	How shall you hope for mercy , giving none ?
This was well done , my bird .	Good job , my little one .
I should be wise , for honesty ’ s a fool And loses that it works for .	I should always be wise .
A privilege never to see me more .	The privilege of never seeing me again .
You shall have leave .	You shall have permission .
There 's warrant in that theft Which steals itself when there 's no mercy left .	There ’ s protection in the theft That steals itself when there 's no mercy left .
Behold where stands The usurper ’ s cursèd head .	Look , here I have Macbeth ’ s cursed head .
Those that do teach young babes Do it with gentle means and easy tasks .	When grown-ups teach little children , they do it gently and easily .
Winter garments must be lined , So must slender Rosalind .	Winter garments need to be filled with something , And so does skinny Rosalind .
Think , my lord ?	Think , my lord !
I loved Ophelia .	I loved Ophelia !
My purposes do draw me much about .	My plans take me a roundabout way .
What handkerchief ?	What handkerchief ?
My own flesh and blood to rebel !	My own flesh and blood turned against me !
To what issue will this come ?	What will all this lead to ?
She hath betrayed me and shall die the death .	She has betrayed me and shall die .
How , the nonpareil !	He ’ s without equal !
Here comes Ancient Pistol and his wife .	Here comes Ensign Pistol and his wife .
I am old and foolish .	I ’ m old and foolish .
Neither , my lord .	Neither , my lord .
Well , well ; but , for mine own part , as I have set up my rest to run away , so I will not rest till I have run some ground .	Well , well ; but , as for me , as I have made up my mind to run away , so I ’ ll not rest until I have run some ground .
Will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ?	Won ’ t the ladies be scared of the lion ?
No , truly , but in friendly recompense .	No , I don ’ t — except as a friend .
Iago ?	Is that you , Iago ?
And I.	And me too .
I am very sorry that you are not well .	I am very sorry that you are not well .
Let ’ s lack no discipline , make no delay , For , lords , tomorrow is a busy day .	Let ’ s be disciplined and not delay , because tomorrow is a busy day .
Heaven stops the nose at it , and the moon winks ; The bawdy wind , that kisses all it meets , Is hush 'd within the hollow mine of earth , And will not hear it .	Heaven thumbs its nose at it , and the moon winks ; The obscene wind that kisses all it meets Is quiet within the hollow tunnels of earth , And will not hear it .
I will , my lord .	Excuse me .
More shall they speak , for now I am bent to know , By the worst means , the worst .	They will tell me more , because I ’ m determined to know the worst about what ’ s going to happen .
Hail , most dear Caesar !	Greetings , dearest Caesar !
I ’ ll not believe ’ t .	I don ’ t believe it .
Pray you , hasten Your generals after .	Go tell your generals to hurry their preparations .
I deny it not .	I don ’ t deny it .
They that have done this deed are honorable .	Those who have done this deed are honorable .
The time ’ twixt six and now Must by us both be spent most preciously .	The time between six and now Must be spent most preciously by us both .
Then tell me , if I get your daughter ’ s love , What dowry shall I have with her to wife ?	So , tell me , assuming I win your daughter ’ s love , what dowry would she bring to the marriage ?
the law !	The law !
Good Master Mustardseed , I know your patience well .	Good Mr. Mustardseed , I know you very well .
You sunburnt sicklemen of August weary , Come hither from the furrow and be merry .	Now , you tanned fieldworkers who are so tired of August ’ s labors , get out of the dirt and come rejoice with us here .
No , pray thee , good Meg , I ’ ll wear this .	No , please good Meg , I ’ ll wear this one .
Amen .	Amen .
Come now ; what masques , what dances shall we have , To wear away this long age of three hours Between our after-supper and bed-time ?	Come now ; what plays , what dances shall we have , To pass the three hours Between our after-supper and bed-time ?
Fair and noble hostess , We are your guest tonight .	Beautiful and noble hostess , We are your guests tonight .
And let no man abide this deed But we the doers .	And let no one suffer for this deed except us , the perpetrators .
Whence came you , sir ?	Where do you come from , sir ?
What is ’ t thou say ’ st ?	What are you saying ?
Well , to our work alive .	Well , let ’ s move on to our work with the living .
Show me the place .	Take me to him .
The foul practice Hath turned itself on me .	The foul plan backfired on me .
Forever and forever farewell , Cassius .	Forever and forever , farewell , Cassius !
Why , how now , Count , wherefore are you sad ?	Why are you so sad ?
Your wife and brother Made wars upon me , and their contestation Was theme for you .	Your wife and brother led troops against me , claiming to be fighting in your name .
God bless you , sir .	Hello and God bless you , sir .
No , faith , lords and great men will not let me .	No .
By my troth , Sir Toby , you must come in earlier o ' nights .	For God ’ s sake , Sir Toby , you ’ ve got to come home earlier at night .
How answer you that ?	What should we do about that ?
Fortune forbid my outside have not charmed her !	I hope she doesn ’ t have a crush on me !
If thou rememb 'rest aught ere thou cam 'st here , How thou cam 'st here thou mayst .	If you remember anything before you came here , How you came here , you may remember .
Well , let 's away and say how much is done .	Well , let 's go , and tell Macbeth how much we did .
Tis true , most worthy signior .	It ’ s true .
You all did see that on the Lupercal I thrice presented him a kingly crown , Which he did thrice refuse .	You all saw that on the Lupercal feast day I offered him a king ’ s crown three times , and he refused it three times .
Good Lord !	Good Lord !
I will plague them all , Even to roaring .	I will plague them all , Even to the point of their roaring .
I fear we shall out-sleep the coming morn , As much as we this night have overwatch 'd .	I ’ m afraid we shall oversleep in the morning , As much as we stayed up late this night .
Give me mine armor .	Give me my armor .
Perish the man whose mind is backward now !	Let any man perish who isn ’ t ready now !
Well , fare you well , my lord .	Well then , good bye , my lord .
Is he not jealous ?	Isn ’ t he jealous ?
Advise the duke where you are going , to a most festinate preparation .	Tell the Duke of Albany to prepare for war immediately .
Within these two months — that ’ s a month before This bond expires — I do expect return Of thrice three times the value of this bond .	In two months — a month before this loan is due — I expect to earn more than three times that much from my investments .
Before the time I did Lysander see Seemed Athens as a paradise to me .	Before I saw Lysander , Athens seemed like paradise to me .
Go , good partner , go , get you to Francis Seacole .	Go to Francis Seacole , the constable of the watch .
to Gonzalo &ket; The air breathes upon us here most &bra; to Gonzalo &ket; The air breathes upon us here most sweetly .	The air here is very sweet for us .
These fellows have some soul , And such a one do I profess myself .	These fellows have some soul ; And someone like that is how I am .
In nothing am I changed But in my garments .	The only thing different about me is my clothes .
Can such things be , And overcome us like a summer 's cloud , Without our special wonder ?	Can such things be , that Can overcome us like a summer 's cloud , Without puzzling us ?
What 's to be done ?	What 's to be done ?
His neigh is like the bidding of a monarch , and his countenance enforces homage .	His neigh is like a monarch ’ s command .
Home , you idle creatures get you home !	Go home , you lazy men .
Well . — Now come , my Ariel !	Good . — Now come , Ariel !
God make your Majesty joyful , as you have been .	I hope God makes you happy again , like you once were .
Strike !	Strike !
Against my will , I am sent to bid you come in to dinner .	Against my will , I ’ ve been told to bring you in to dinner .
I know his gait ; ' tis he .	I know his walk ; it is he .
I would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .	I don ’ t wish to have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .
Why then , thus it is : You must prepare your bosom for his knife .	Why then , it is like this : You must prepare your chest for his knife .
What is your pleasure , madam ?	What is your pleasure , madam ?
Some o ’ their plants are ill-rooted already .	Some of them are leaning already .
True .	True .
And he that hath commanded is our king .	And the one who commands us is our king .
Your worth is very dear in my regard .	You ’ re both very precious to me .
Your commission ’ s ready .	Your authorization is ready .
Why , how now , Charmian ?	How are you , Charmian ?
And therefore haste away , For we must measure twenty miles today .	So hurry up , because we have twenty miles to cover today .
And so his knell is knoll 'd .	And , so his death bell is rung .
Would I had two coxcombs and two daughters .	I wish I had two fool ’ s caps and two daughters .
I would have stay 'd till I had made you merry , If worthier friends had not prevented me .	I ’ d have stayed until I had made you happy , If worthier friends hadn ’ t stopped me .
Tomorrow , if you please to speak with me , I will come home to you , or , if you will , Come home to me and I will wait for you .	Tomorrow , if you want to speak with me , I ’ ll come to your house ; or , if you like , Come to my house , and I ’ ll wait for you .
Stand , ho !	Stop , oh !
Yet Caesar shall go forth , for these predictions Are to the world in general as to Caesar .	Still , Caesar shall go out , because these predictions Are not only for Caesar but also for the world in general .
You bid me make it orderly and well , According to the fashion and the time .	You told me to make it well and properly and in keeping with the current style .
Could not a worm , an adder , do so much ?	A snake could do that as easily as you could .
He , of all the men that ever my foolish eyes looked upon , was the best deserving a fair lady .	He deserves a beautiful wife more than all the other men I ’ ve ever seen .
What is my name ?	What is my name ?
She shall not .	She shall not .
Thou dar ’ st as well be hanged .	You may as well undertake to be hanged .
Keep your word , Phoebe , that you ’ ll marry me Or else , refusing me , to wed this shepherd .	Phoebe , keep your promise to marry me , and to marry this shepherd if you choose to refuse me .
And when you saw his chariot but appear , Have you not made an universal shout , That Tiber trembled underneath her banks To hear the replication of your sounds Made in her concave shores ?	And when you saw his chariot appear , Haven ’ t you made one great big shout that was so loud The Tiber River trembled underneath her banks To hear the echo of your sounds That bounced off her hollow shores ?
But I feel not This deity in my bosom .	I don ’ t feel anything .
And so perchance may he be .	But maybe by some fluke he was saved too .
So please you , for I never heard it yet , Yet heard too much of Phoebe ’ s cruelty .	If you want to read it , as I haven ’ t heard it yet , though I ’ ve heard too much of Phoebe ’ s cruelty .
He goes before me and still dares me on .	He ’ s walking ahead of me , and he keeps daring me to follow him .
Fetch thy master home .	Bring your master home .
Well , ’ tis not so , my Lord High Constable .	You ’ ll discover that his youthful follies were like the persona that Well , you ’ re wrong , my Lord High Constable .
Two deep enemies , Foes to my rest , and my sweet sleep ’ s disturbers , Are they that I would have thee deal upon .	Two great enemies , in fact , enemies to my peace of mind .
Approach , rich Ceres , her to entertain .	Approach , rich Ceres , to entertain her .
O , ho !	O , ho !
You ’ ll pay me the eight shillings I won of you at betting ?	Are you going to pay the eight shillings I won from you in a bet ?
Go to the pulpit , Brutus .	Go ahead to the square , Brutus .
That is the chain , sir , which you had of me .	That ’ s the necklace I gave you , sir .
Poor birds they are not set for .	Poor birds do not fall down .
Though far more cause , yet much less spirit to curse Abides in me .	Though I have far more reason , I don ’ t have as much energy to curse you .
Farewell the plumed troop and the big wars That make ambition virtue !	Farewell to the plumed forces and the big wars That make ambition a virtue !
And so fare thee well .	And so farewell .
This castle hath a pleasant seat .	This castle is in a pleasant place .
Keep word , Lysander ; we must starve our sight From lovers ' food till morrow deep midnight .	we must not give in To hugs and kisses until midnight tomorrow .
Soft , here follows prose .	But wait , there ’ s some prose after her poem .
Hates any man the thing he would not kill ?	Does any man hate the thing he wouldn ’ t kill ?
Too long a pause for that which you find there .	That ’ s too long a pause over what you find there .
A maiden never bold , Of spirit so still and quiet that her motion Blushed at herself .	She blushes at the slightest thing .
I find not Myself disposed to sleep .	I ’ m not sleepy at all .
But where the greater malady is fixed The lesser is scarce felt .	But whenever you feel a larger pain , the smaller one disappears .
Will you shog off ?	Get lost , will you ?
Richard of York , how fares our loving brother ?	Richard of York , how are you doing , my loving brother ?
If thou hast slain Lysander in his sleep , Being o 'er shoes in blood , plunge in the deep , And kill me too .	If you killed Lysander while he was sleeping , then you ’ re already up to your ankles in blood .
How goes it here ?	What ’ s going on in here ?
Therefore be merry , Cassio , For thy solicitor shall rather die Than give thy cause away .	I ’ m your advocate , and I ’ d rather die than give up on you .
As great to me as late ; and supportable To make the dear loss have I means much weaker Than you may call to comfort you , for I Have lost my daughter .	As great to me , as recently ; and , to make the dear Loss tolerable , I have much weaker means Than you have to comfort you , because I Have lost my daughter .
His better doth not breathe upon the earth .	There is no better one on earth .
My lord , you must tell us where the body is and go with us to the King .	My lord , you must tell us where the body is and go with us to the king .
Is that the law ?	Is that the law ?
And what will you do now ?	What are you going to do now ?
Twas told me you were rough and coy and sullen , And now I find report a very liar .	I was told that you were violent , proud , and sullen .
Unhappy that I am , I cannot heave My heart into my mouth .	I don ’ t have a talent for putting my heart ’ s feelings into words .
I am sorry thou wilt leave my father so .	I ’ m sorry you ’ re leaving my father like this .
Look in the calendar and bring me word .	Look at the calendar , and come back and tell me .
Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner ?	Or are we both on drugs ?
Will you have some more sauce to your leek ?	Would you like some more sauce to go with it ?
Tell them so , Decius .	Tell them so , Decius .
O brave touch !	Oh , how brave of you !
Ay , sir , we are some of her trappings .	Yes , sir , we ’ re part of her entourage .
Receive what cheer you may .	Cheer up as much as you can .
Thou shall present me as an eunuch to him .	You ’ ll introduce me to him as a eunuch .
He 's for a jig or a tale of bawdry , or he sleeps .	He 's for a jig or a dirty tale , or he sleeps .
What wouldst thou now ?	What are you going to do now ?
O heavens forfend !	O heavens forbid !
Your loves , as mine to you .	Give me your love instead , as I give you mine .
No , not tonight .	No , not tonight .
My Lord of Oxford , you , Sir William Brandon , And you , Sir Walter Herbert , stay with me .	My Lord of Oxford , you , Sir William Brandon , and you , Sir Walter Herbert , are going to stay with me .
It is a common thing — Ha !	It is a common thing … Ha !
O , teach me how you look , and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius ' heart !	Oh , teach me your look , and with what magic You have stolen Demetrius ' heart !
And welcome , welcome !	And welcome , welcome !
Humbly , sir , I thank you .	I humbly thank you .
Room , ho !	Make room !
By my troth , I am sick .	God , I ’ m really sick .
Poor lady , she ’ ll run mad When she shall lack it .	Poor lady , she ’ ll go crazy when she sees it ’ s missing .
A good wench ; give it me .	A good wench ; give it to me .
Tyrant , show thy face !	Tyrant , show your face !
But soft !	What ’ s this ?
What ’ s that ?	What fate is that ?
Reserve them till a merrier hour than this .	This isn ’ t a good moment for jokes — save them till a happier time .
But if it were , doubt not her care should be To comb your noddle with a three-legged stool And paint your face and use you like a fool .	The only possible interest I could take in you would be to hit you on the head with a stool , paint your face with blood , and make a fool out of you .
Now , my dearest Queen — Pray you , stand farther from me .	Now , my dearest Queen — Please , stand farther away from me .
Alas , what is the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Why , it hath bay windows transparent as barricadoes , and the clerestories toward the south-north are as lustrous as ebony .	But it has bay windows that are as transparent as stone walls , and the upper windows facing south-north are as clear as coal .
May be the letter moved him ; For , as I think , they do command him home , Deputing Cassio in his government .	May be the letter upset him ; Because , I think , they command him to come home , Making Cassio governor in his place .
I prithee , take thy fingers from my throat ; For , though I am not splenitive and rash , Yet have I in me something dangerous , Which let thy wisdom fear .	I beg you , take your fingers from my throat , For , although I am not impatient and rash , I still have something dangerous in me , Which you should fear .
A most high miracle .	A most high miracle !
My brother never Did urge me in his act .	My brother didn ’ t use my name to justify his rebellion .
Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn , and cauldron bubble .	Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn , and cauldron bubble .
Ay , sir .	Yes , sir .
now to my mother !	now to my mother .
The man is notwithstanding sufficient .	But in spite of all this , the man is still wealthy enough .
Whence is that knocking ?	Where is that knocking coming from ?
Thou dost conspire against thy friend , Iago , If thou but think 'st him wrong 'd and makest his ear A stranger to thy thoughts .	You conspire against your friend , Iago , If you only think him wronged and won ’ t let him be Anything but a stranger to your thoughts .
Be large in mirth .	Be free and happy .
Tis exactly valued , Not petty things admitted .	Not even trivial things were left out .
My son Came then into my mind , and yet my mind Was then scarce friends with him .	I was reminded of my son , even though I despised my son at that time .
You may light on a husband that hath no beard .	Maybe you will find a husband without a beard .
Delay not , Caesar .	Don ’ t delay , Caesar .
And so falls it out With Rivers , Vaughan , Grey ; and so ’ twill do With some men else that think themselves as safe As thou and I , who , as thou know ’ st , are dear To princely Richard and to Buckingham .	That ’ s how it will be for some other men , too , who think they ’ re as safe as you and I , who are well-loved by noble Richard and Buckingham .
There ’ s my hand .	Here ’ s my hand .
O Dardanius !	Oh Dardanius !
Go , Lovell , with all speed to Doctor Shaw .	Lovell , go as fast as you can to Doctor Shaw .
You ’ ll bear me a bang for that , I fear .	You ’ ll get a blow from me for that , I think .
Lesser than Macbeth and greater .	You are lesser than Macbeth but also greater .
Ay , but not rough enough .	Fine , but you weren ’ t harsh enough .
Of what nature the wrongs are thou hast done him , I know not , but thy intercepter , full of despite , bloody as the hunter , attends thee at the orchard end .	I don ’ t know what you ’ ve done to upset him , but someone has challenged you to a duel .
I would know that .	I ’ d like to know .
Now the witch take me if I meant it thus !	May the evil one take me if I meant it like that !
Thou liest , thou thread , thou thimble , Thou yard , three-quarters , half-yard , quarter , nail !	It ’ s a lie , you thread , you thimble , you measurement !
Part them !	Separate them .
What 's the matter , lady ?	What 's the matter , lady ?
Be these the wretches that we played at dice for ?	Are these the wretches that we threw dice for ?
Do ; with like timorous accent and dire yell As when , by night and negligence , the fire Is spied in populous cities .	Go ahead ; yell with frightening accent and distress As when a fire Is seen in big cities at night and by accident .
I will the banner from a trumpet take And use it for my haste .	I ’ ll take the banner from a trumpeter and use that .
Starveling !	Starveling !
For if the Jew do cut but deep enough , I ’ ll pay it presently with all my heart .	If the Jew cuts deep enough , I ’ ll pay it instantly with all my heart .
I partly feel thee .	I almost feel you .
My lord , in Athens .	He ’ s in Athens , my lord .
Perchance till after Theseus ' wedding day .	Maybe until after Theseus ’ s wedding day .
Thou shouldst be honest .	You should always be honest .
Let ' em enter .	Let them in .
No , madam , he does nothing but smile .	No , he just smiles .
My lord , I did , But answer made it none .	I did , sir , but it didn ’ t answer me .
What , sigh for the toothache ?	What , are you moaning on about your toothache ?
To bait fish withal .	I ’ ll use it for fish bait .
Knock , knock !	Knock , knock !
For my part , I had rather bear with you than bear you .	I ’ d rather bear with you than Well , this is the Forest of Arden .
I cannot speak of this .	I cannot speak about this .
No pains , sir .	No trouble , sir .
Hear me , good friends —	Let me tell you , friends —
I promise you I scarcely know myself .	I ’ m telling you , I hardly know myself .
What said he ?	What did he say ?
No .	No .
Urge neither charity nor shame to me .	You are building your nest in
Good gentlemen , give him a further edge , And drive his purpose on to these delights .	Gentlemen , please try to sharpen his interest even more , and let this play do him some good .
The king his master needs must take it ill , That he , so slightly valued in his messenger , Should have him thus restrained .	The king will be offended to find out that his messenger is so badly treated .
Well , sir ?	Well , sir .
You , you , ay , you !	You , you , yes , you !
Content you , gentlemen .	Enough , gentlemen .
You may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar .	He ’ s more of a soldier than a wise man .
Were you the clerk that is to make me cuckold ?	You were you the clerk that is to betray me ?
I have a health for you .	I want to drink your health .
God help thee , shallow man .	God help you , foolish man .
Hear you , my lords — We have some haste , Leonato .	Listen , my lords — We ’ re in a bit of a hurry , Leonato .
When Caesar lived , he durst not thus have moved me .	When Caesar lived , he wouldn ’ t dare insult me like this .
Adieu .	Believe it .
Oh , relation Too nice and yet too true !	Oh , your report is too poetic , but it sounds so true !
What say you ?	What did you say ?
Say , is your tardy master now at hand ?	Tell me , is your tardy master close at hand ?
I ’ ll bring you thither , my lord , if you ’ ll vouchsafe me .	I ’ ll go with you , my lord , if you ’ ll allow me .
I will be heard .	I ’ m determined to be heard by someone .
I would have her learn , my fair cousin , how perfectly I love her , and that is good English .	I wanted to teach her how perfectly I love her , kinsman , and that ’ s good English .
I cannot bid you bid my daughter live — That were impossible — but , I pray you both , Possess the people in Messina here How innocent she died .	I can ’ t ask you to make my daughter live — that ’ s impossible — but I beg you both to tell the people of Messina that she was innocent when she died .
Sleep shall neither night nor day Hang upon his penthouse lid .	He won ’ t catch a wink of sleep , either at night or during the day .
What night-rule now about this haunted grove ?	What ’ s going on now about this haunted grove ?
Not I.	Not me .
Good my lord , will you see the players well bestow 'd ?	My good lord , will you see the players well taken care of ?
Ah , Tranio , what a cruel father ’ s he !	Oh , Tranio , what a cruel father he is .
Set me the stoups of wine upon that table .	Set up the goblets of wine for me on that table .
Nay then , I ’ ll run .	No way , then , I ’ ll run .
Thus far can I praise him : he is of a noble strain , of approved valor , and confirmed honesty .	This much I can say about him : he is well-born , has proven his bravery in battle , and has established his good character .
O , he is mad , Laertes .	O , he is crazy , Laertes .
He doth , for he did bid Antonius Send word to you he would be there tomorrow .	He is , because he told Antonius to tell you he ’ d be there tomorrow .
Oh , who hath done this deed ?	Oh , who did this thing ?
Yet here ’ s a spot .	There ’ s still a spot here .
He says they can do nothing in this kind .	He says they can ’ t do anything like this .
I ’ ll rest .	I ’ ll rest now .
Truly , I would the gods had made thee poetical .	Really , Audrey , I wish you were more poetical .
You shall advise me in all for Cleopatra .	You shall advise me in everything having to do with Cleopatra .
O mistress , villainy hath made mocks with love !	Oh , my mistress , a villain has made a mockery of your love !
I think it be no other but e 'en so .	I think it can be no other reason but that .
Why should he not ?	Why won ’ t he ?
I ’ ll claim that promise at your Grace ’ s hands .	I look forward to that present .
How goes the world , sir , now ?	How are things going now ?
Nor send you out o ' the way ?	Nor send you out of the way ?
I shall be saved by my husband ; he hath made me a Christian .	I shall be saved by my husband ; he has made me a Christian .
Thy dæmon — that thy spirit which keeps thee — is Noble , courageous , high , unmatchable Where Caesar ’ s is not .	Your guardian angel is noble , courageous , significant , and unmatched when Caesar ’ s not around .
Fie upon thee !	Damn you !
There ’ s a time for all things .	There ’ s a time for all things .
Sir , Octavius is already come to Rome .	Sir , Octavius has already arrived in Rome .
Why , man , they did make love to this employment .	Man , they were asking for it .
What is he that you ask for , niece ?	Who are you talking about , niece ?
Will you have her ?	Will you marry her ?
This deed I ’ ll do before this purpose cool .	I will do this deed before I lose my sense of purpose .
His word might bear my wealth at any time .	I ’ d trust him with everything I own .
Answer me directly .	Answer me straightforwardly .
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome .	And therefore , as a stranger , welcome it .
This guest of summer , The temple-haunting martlet , does approve By his loved mansionry that the heaven 's breath Smells wooingly here .	The temple-haunting martlet , this bird of summer , Approves this place by his loved dwelling places , That heaven 's breath smells wooingly here .
Who is it in the press that calls on me ?	Who in the crowd is calling me ?
I would my horse had the speed of your tongue and so good a continuer .	I wish my horse moved as fast as your mouth and was as tireless .
Signior Leonato , let the friar advise you .	Signior Leonato , listen to the friar ’ s plan .
What mean you , madam ?	What ’ s the matter with you , madam ?
Drones hive not with me .	He sleeps all day like a cat .
If so , my eyes are oftener washed than hers .	If that ’ s the case , tears wash my eyes more than hers .
It is something of my negligence , nothing of my purpose .	It must be something I did accidentally .
Good husband , come home presently .	Good husband , come home soon .
Methinks , mistress , you should have little reason for that .	I don ’ t think you ’ ve got much of a reason to love me .
Thanks , Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern .	Thanks , Rosencrantz and gentle Guildenstern .
Who was the Thane lives yet , But under heavy judgement bears that life Which he deserves to lose .	The man who was the Baron still lives , Only lives that life which he deserves to lose Under the death penalty .
I mean , the Lord Protector .	I meant to say the Lord Protector .
See , my women , Against the blown rose may they stop their nose , That kneeled unto the buds . — Admit him , sir .	See , ladies , how they scorn me now .
At a word , I am not .	In short , I ’ m not .
tis not so now .	I ’ m not like that now .
You say true ; ' tis so , indeed .	You speak truly ; it is so , indeed .
And is ’ t not to be damned To let this canker of our nature come In further evil ?	And wouldn ’ t I be damned if I let this monster live to do more harm ?
Alas , what does this gentleman conceive ?	What ’ s he talking about ?
Wrench his sword from him .	Take his sword away from him .
Orlando .	Orlando .
There !	There !
How does your patient , doctor ?	How is your patient , doctor ?
For , look you , how cheerfully my mother looks , and my father died within these two hours .	Look how cheerful my mother is , only two hours after my father died .
Therefore thou liest .	Why not ?
A good knave .	A good fool .
This blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child , And here was left by th ’ sailors .	This blue-eyed hag was brought here , pregnant , And was left here by sailors .
Drown cats and blind puppies !	Drown cats and blind puppies .
But you , O you , So perfect and so peerless , are created Of every creature ’ s best .	You ’ re perfect , without a rival in the world , made up of the best qualities of every creature .
Methoughts I saw a thousand fearful wracks , A thousand men that fishes gnawed upon , Wedges of gold , great anchors , heaps of pearl , Inestimable stones , unvalued jewels , All scattered in the bottom of the sea .	I saw a thousand shipwrecks , a thousand men whom fish had gnawed to the bone , huge anchors , chunks of gold , heaps of pearls , and precious jewels — all scattered on the bottom of the sea .
That I did love the Moor to live with him , My downright violence and storm of fortunes May trumpet to the world .	That I loved the Moor to live with him , My downright violence and storm of fortunes May shout to the world .
Ay , but their sense is shut .	Yes , but they don ’ t see anything .
Heaven doth truly know it .	Heaven does truly know it .
More to know Did never meddle with my thoughts .	It never entered my mind To know more .
What , did they never whisper ?	What , did they never whisper ?
Is it not past two o 'clock ?	Isn ’ t it past two o 'clock ?
Hath an argosy cast away coming from Tripolis .	He ’ s had a ship wrecked coming from Tripolis .
I am sorry that I am deceived in him .	I ’ m sorry I was so wrong about him .
Prepare the body then , and follow us .	Prepare the body , then , and follow us .
Behold her well ; I pray you , look upon her .	Watch her well ; I beg you , look after her .
Lord , how art thou changed !	Lord , how you ’ ve changed !
You are my true and honorable wife , As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart .	You ’ re my true and honorable wife , as dear to me as the blood that runs through my sad heart .
Fellows , let ’ s be gone .	Let ’ s go .
But as well ?	As sane as me ?
I heard a bustling rumor like a fray , And the wind brings it from the Capitol .	I heard a bustling rumor , like a riot , And the wind brings it from the Capitol .
To be thus is nothing , But to be safely thus .	To be king in this way is nothing , Only to be safely king in this way matters .
And neither man nor master would take aught But the two rings .	Neither of them would take anything but the two rings .
We see yonder the beginning of the day , but I think we shall never see the end of it . — Who goes there ?	That ’ s the beginning of the day we see , but I don ’ t think we ’ ll see the end of it . — Who goes there ?
This will I also wear in my cap .	I ’ ll also wear this in my cap .
By this sword , I will .	By this sword , I will .
Come , let us go .	Come , let ’ s go .
Are his wits safe ?	Is he sane ?
What noise ?	What ’ s all that shouting about ?
How do you , Desdemona ?	How are you , Desdemona ?
Her husband , sirrah ?	Are you her husband , boy ?
I mean , the matter that you read , my lord .	I mean , what do the words say ?
I would try , if I could cry “ hem ” and have him .	I ’ d try it , if I could cry “ hem ” and have him .
There is no way but this , Sir Andrew .	It ’ s really the only way , Sir Andrew .
An I had been a man of any occupation , if I would not have taken him at a word , I would I might go to hell among the rogues .	If I ’ d been a common laborer and hadn ’ t taken him up on his offer , to hell with me .
Say to the king the knowledge of the broil As thou didst leave it .	Tell the king what was happening in the battle when you left it .
Oh , beware , my lord , of jealousy !	Beware of jealousy , my lord !
Or else misgraffed in respect of years — O spite !	Or else mismatched in terms of years ; — Oh spite !
Tell him his pranks have been too broad to bear with , And that your Grace hath screen 'd and stood between Much heat and him .	Tell him his pranks have been too excessive to put up With , and that your grace has taken a lot of heat because Of him .
Methinks you are my glass , and not my brother : I see by you I am a sweet-faced youth .	I think you ’ re my mirror , not my brother .
Let me have your hand .	Let me shake your hand .
You are now within a foot Of th ' extreme verge .	You ’ re now within a foot of the cliff ’ s edge .
No , noble mistress , ’ tis fresh morning with me When you are by at night .	No , noble mistress ; it is fresh morning with me When you are near at night .
Go one , and call the Jew into the court .	Go , one of you , and call the Jew into the court .
I doubt it is no other but the main : His father ’ s death and our o 'erhasty marriage .	I doubt it ’ s anything but the obvious reason : his father ’ s dying and our quick marriage .
Why , what you will .	Whichever one you want .
To , to , to — To murder me ?	To , to , to — To murder me ?
Tarry , rash wanton .	Wait just a minute , you brazen hussy .
Nay , good my lord , this courtesy is not of the right breed .	No , my lord , your polite words are not to the point .
For none , neither .	For none neither .
Good night , good Captain Blunt .	Good night , dear Captain Blunt .
Sir , this report of his Did Hamlet so envenom with his envy That he could nothing do but wish and beg Your sudden coming o 'er to play with you .	Sir , this report of his Poisoned Hamlet with envy That he couldn ’ t do anything but wish and beg Your sudden coming over her to play with him .
Bear him my head .	Bring him my head .
Faith , that he did — I know not what he did .	Faith , that he did , I don ’ t know what he did .
Never did I know A creature that did bear the shape of man So keen and greedy to confound a man .	I ’ ve never seen a creature with a human shape who was so eager to destroy a man .
Though the wisdom of nature can reason it thus and thus , yet nature finds itself scourged by the sequent effects .	Though science can explain them away , disasters still come after eclipses .
Meet me by and by at the citadel .	Meet me in a little while at the citadel .
Lead me on .	Show me the way .
I know you of old .	I know you from before .
Who is ’ t that can inform me ?	Who can explain this to me ?
Treason !	Treason !
Not very well , but I have met him oft , And he hath bought the cottage and the bounds That the old carlot once was master of .	Not very well , but I ’ ve met him several times .
Nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .	Neither heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .
To tell thee thou shalt see me at Philippi .	To tell you that you ’ ll see me at Philippi .
I have no more sons of the royal blood For thee to slaughter .	I have no more royal sons for you to murder .
I ’ ll slit the villain ’ s nose that would have sent me to the jail .	No , I ’ ll slit the nose of the villain who would have sent me to jail .
The very instant that I saw you did My heart fly to your service , there resides To make me slave to it , and for your sake Am I this patient log-man .	The second I saw you , my heart rushed to serve you and be your slave , so here I am now , a patient log-man .
Alas for both , both mine , Edward and Clarence !	My sons Edward and Clarence !
Let him alone , for I remember now How he ’ s employed .	I remember he ’ s already occupied .
Never believe it .	Not for a second .
Who calls on Hamlet ?	Who calls Hamlet ?
Tis paltry to be Caesar .	It ’ s pathetic to be Caesar .
Ha , ha !	Ha , ha !
We judge no less . — Uncle of Exeter , Enlarge the man committed yesterday That railed against our person .	Uncle of Exeter , release the man who was arrested yesterday for railing against me .
This is more strange Than such a murder is .	This ghost is more strange Than such a murder is .
O Stephano , hast any more of this ?	Oh Stephano , do you have any more of that wine ?
I wish we may , but yet have I a mind That fears him much , and my misgiving still Falls shrewdly to the purpose .	I hope that we may , but my heart is still Very much afraid of him , and my gut feeling is that He cannot be trusted .
You are welcome , masters , welcome , all ! — I am glad to see thee well . — Welcome , good friends . — O old friend ?	Welcome , welcome to all of you .
The meantime , lady , I ’ ll raise the preparation of a war Shall stain your brother .	In the meantime , I ’ ll raise an army that will surpass his .
Let them come in .	Let them in .
And so he fell .	And so he fainted .
Error i ' the bill , sir , error i ' the bill !	Error in the bill , sir , error in the bill !
How sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank !	How sweet the moonlight sleeps on this bank !
Therefore , hear me , Hermia .	So , listen , Hermia .
I am not gamesome ; I do lack some part Of that quick spirit that is in Antony .	I don ’ t like games ; I lack some part Of that quick spirit that Antony has .
You ’ ll heat my blood .	You ’ ll make me angry .
Let me go .	Please let me go .
Bassanio , lord Love , if thy will it be .	Bassanio , lord Love , if it is your will !
Ne 'er pull your hat upon your brows ; Give sorrow words .	Give your sorrow words .
Fare-well .	That ’ ll be fine .
Montano and myself being in speech , There comes a fellow crying out for help , And Cassio following him with determined sword , To execute upon him .	Montano and myself were talking , and There comes a fellow crying out for help , With Cassio following him with determined sword , To kill him .
Ay , but the clerk that never means to do it Unless he live until he be a man .	Yes , but the clerk will never do it , unless he grows up to be a man .
It is a nipping and an eager air .	It is a nipping and an eager air .
Here comes the Countess .	Ah , the countess is coming !
Turn melancholy forth to funerals .	Sadness is only appropriate for funerals .
Say , my spirit , How fares the king and ’ s followers ?	Tell me , spirit , how ’ s the king and his entourage ?
O my heart !	O my heart !
Then shall I swear to Kate , and you to me , And may our oaths well kept and prosp 'rous be .	Then I will swear to Kate and you to me , and may our oaths be faithfully kept and prove fortunate .
Why do people love you ?	Why do people love you ?
Say that she frown ; I ’ ll say she looks as clear As morning roses newly washed with dew .	If she glares , I ’ ll say her brow is as clear as roses newly washed with morning dew .
And these few precepts in thy memory See thou character .	And see that you write these few precepts In your memory .
Welcome , dear madam .	Welcome , dear madam .
awake , I say !	Wake up , I say !
Grim death , how foul and loathsome is thine image !	Alas , grim death , how vile and ugly your near-twin , sleep , is !
Nearest his heart ” — those are the very words .	Nearest his heart . ” — Those are the very words .
To seek my uncle in the Forest of Arden .	To the Forest of Arden , to find your father .
He is as disproportioned in his manners As in his shape . — Take with you your companions .	He ’ s as ugly in his manners as he is in appearance . — I will indeed .
Proceed , Moon .	Go ahead , Moon .
Nor what I have done by water .	Neither can my accomplishments at sea .
A third cannot be matched unless the devil himself turn Jew .	You couldn ’ t find a third like these two unless the devil himself turned into a Jew .
Silence awhile . — Robin , take off this head . — Titania , music call , and strike more dead Than common sleep of all these five the sense .	Be quiet for a while . — Robin , take off his donkey head . — Titania , get the fairies to play some music , and make these five people sleep more soundly than humans have ever slept before .
Turn up on your right hand at the next turning , but at the next turning of all on your left .	Turn right at the next turn , but at the following turn , turn left .
The worser welcome .	The worst welcome .
But was not this nigh shore ?	But was this near the shore ?
Farewell .	Good night .
Tis said they eat each other .	It is said they ate each other .
It is not so express 'd , but what of that ?	It is not expressly stated ; but so what ?
I care not for good life .	I ’ m not interested in being good .
Ne 'er a fantastical knave of them all shall flout me out of my calling .	None of these deranged rascals can shake me from my profession .
O , then be bold to say Bassanio ’ s dead !	If you see me without it , you can be confident I ’ m dead .
Ay .	Yes .
Tis for the dead , not for the quick .	He ’ ll recover his sanity there .
For me , the gold of France did not seduce , Although I did admit it as a motive The sooner to effect what I intended ; But God be thankèd for prevention , Which I in sufferance heartily will rejoice , Beseeching God and you to pardon me .	But I thank God that I failed in my scheme , and I rejoice in paying the penalty , as I beg God and you to pardon me .
Come , let ’ s all take hands Till that the conquering wine hath steeped our sense In soft and delicate Lethe .	Come , let ’ s join our hands until the overpowering wine makes us soft and forgetful .
No , truly .	No , really , I don ’ t .
Why , what would you ?	What would you do about it ?
Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we put them on first in Afric , at the marriage of the king ’ s fair daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis .	Seriously , I think our clothes are as fresh now as they were the day we put them on in Africa , when we attended the marriage of the king ’ s daughter Claribel to the King of Tunis .
Jove shield thee well for this !	God bless you for doing this .
Come , my young soldier , put up your iron .	Come on , put your sword away , my little soldier .
This is some monster of the isle with four legs , who hath got , as I tak it , an ague .	This is some monster of the island with four legs , who has got , as I take it , malaria .
How long within this wood intend you stay ?	How long do you plan to stay here in this forest ?
Good Norfolk , hie thee to thy charge .	My good man Norfolk , hurry to your post .
I must confess your offer is the best , And , let your father make her the assurance , She is your own ; else , you must pardon me .	I must admit your offer is the best .
How “ wear the garland ” ?	What do you mean , “ wears the wreath ” ?
What wouldst thou beg , Laertes , That shall not be my offer , not thy asking ?	What do you want , Laertes , That I shall not my offer before you ask ?
Yet hear me , countrymen .	Wait , and listen to me , countrymen .
Keep peace , upon your lives .	Stop it , I order you .
Your Highness bade me ask for it today .	Your Highness told me to ask for my commission today .
Sir , you shall understand what hath befall 'n , Which , as I think , you know not .	Sir , you shall understand what has happened , Which , as I think , you don ’ t know .
Well , but what ’ s o 'clock ?	Well , but what time is it ?
Today the lords you talked of are beheaded .	Those men you just mentioned will be beheaded today .
Didst thou not say he lied ?	Didn ’ t you call him a liar ?
He brings you figs .	He has brought you figs .
What , is Antonio here ?	Is Antonio here ?
What , I say ?	What ’ s that ?
I met the duke yesterday and had much question with him .	I met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him .
Well , sir , then ’ twill be dry .	Well , then it will be dry .
He ’ s coming hither — now , i ' th ' night , i ' th ' haste , And Regan with him .	He ’ s rushing on his way here right now , and Regan ’ s with him .
Marry , you may partly hope that your father got you not , that you are not the Jew ’ s daughter .	You can hope your father isn ’ t your real father .
The villain is much lighter-heeled than I. I followed fast , but faster he did fly , That fallen am I in dark uneven way ,	This villain is much quicker than I am .
You shall not find , Though you be therein curious , the least cause For what you seem to fear .	You won ’ t find any cause for anxiety , even if you look for one .
I am called .	I ’ m being called .
I hold you but a subject of this war , Not as a brother .	I ’ m sorry , sir , but in this war I consider you a subordinate , not my equal .
Sent he to Macduff ?	Did he ask Macduff ?
Follow me , then .	Follow me , then .
Thus have I politicly begun my reign , And ’ tis my hope to end successfully .	Well , I ’ ve begun my reign with a carefully thought-out plan , and I have every hope of succeeding .
A pestilent gall to me !	A constant pain to me !
Your reason ?	Your reason ?
My liege , this was my glove ; here is the fellow of it .	My liege , this was my glove .
If trembling I inhabit then , protest me The baby of a girl .	If I have the habit of shaking , then proclaim that I am The doll of a girl .
They have all stomachs .	They ’ re all ready to eat dinner .
I fight against thee ?	I , fight against you , Antony ?
Wrinkles forbid !	May my wrinkles forbid that !
My honour 'd lord , you know right well you did , And with them words of so sweet breath compos 'd As made the things more rich .	My honored lord , you know right well you did , And with them , words composed of so sweet an air As made the things more rich .
Where shall we go ?	Where should we go ?
Mass , I cannot tell .	Mass , I cannot tell .
Aside .	Aside .
O cursed spite , That ever I was born to set it right !	O cursed spite , That ever I was born to set it right !
My Lord of Norfolk — Here , most gracious liege .	My Lord of Norfolk — Here , most gracious king .
Therefore to our best mercy give yourselves Or , like to men proud of destruction , Defy us to our worst .	So submit to my mercy or , like men who revel in their own destruction , challenge me to do my worst .
I have seen thee fight When I have envied thy behavior .	I ’ ve seen you fight and envied your skill .
No ; I will resist such entertainment till Mine enemy has more power .	No ; I will resist such treatment until My enemy has more power to fight .
Now , God help thee , poor monkey !	Now , God help you , poor monkey !
We have been up and down to seek him .	We ’ ve been looking for him everywhere .
What thou seest when thou dost wake , Do it for thy true love take .	Whatever you see first when you wake up , think of it as your true love .
One of them rates All that is won and lost .	One of your tears is worth everything that was won and lost .
I have words to speak in thine ear will make thee dumb ; yet are they much too light for the bore of the matter .	I have words to speak into your ear will make you speechless , but are they much too light for the heart of the matter .
Last night of all , When yond same star that ’ s westward from the pole Had made his course t ' illume that part of heaven Where now it burns , Marcellus and myself , The bell then beating one — Peace , break thee off .	Last night , when that star to the west of the North Star had traveled across the night sky to that point where it ’ s shining now , at one o 'clock , Marcellus and I — Quiet , shut up !
Now cracks a noble heart .	Now a noble heart breaks .
But take a taste of my finding him , and relish it with good observance .	But taste my story , and relish it by paying attention .
Would I might But ever see that man !	I wish I might Only see that man again !
But soft !	But quiet !
This is the man .	This is the man .
Spend this for me .	Here ’ s some money for you .
Very ill , too .	I ’ m very sick , too .
Pardon , master .	Please forgive me , master .
Look you for any other issue ?	Is there anything else you wish ?
I mean , in a sort .	In a way , I mean .
Pray , chuck , come hither .	Please , dear , come here .
What sayest thou now ?	What do you say ?
And that you would have me to do ?	And you would have me do that ?
He ’ s a coward and a coistrel that will not drink to my niece till his brains turn o ' th ' toe like a parish top .	Anyone who refuses to drink to my niece until his brain spins around like a merry-go-round is scum .
Why , my boy ?	Why , my boy ?
Nothing , good monsieur , but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch .	Nothing , good sir , but for you to help Mr. Cobweb scratch my head .
Let him command , And to obey shall be in me remorse , What bloody business ever .	Let him command , And it shall be penance for me to obey , Whatever the bloody business is .
Octavius , I have seen more days than you .	Octavius , I ’ m older than you are .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
My duty cannot suffer To obey in all your daughters ' hard commands .	I couldn ’ t bear to obey all of your daughters ' harsh orders .
Marry , this it is , sir .	Indeed , sir , it is .
Alas , poor rogue !	Alas , poor rogue !
Your eyes are lodestars , and your tongue ’ s sweet air More tunable than lark to shepherd ’ s ear When wheat is green , when hawthorn buds appear .	Your eyes are like stars , and your voice is more musical than a lark ’ s song is to a shepherd in the springtime .
Let her witness it .	She ’ ll confirm everything .
For mine own good , All causes shall give way .	My own safety is the only important thing now .
Why , a horse .	Well , the difference of a horse !
Farewell , father .	Farewell , father .
Madam , here comes my lord .	Madam , here comes your husband .
Who talks of my nation ?	Who talks of my nation ?
Go make thyself like a nymph o ' th ' sea .	Go disguise yourself as a sea nymph .
I shall be saved by my husband .	My husband will save me .
None can be called deformed but the unkind .	Only really cruel people can be called deformed .
Out on thee , seeming !	Curse you for your false appearances !
Seyton — I am sick at heart , When I behold — Seyton , I say ! — This push Will cheer me ever or disseat me now .	I am sick at heart , When I behold Seyton , I say ! - This attack Will give me the throne forever or unseat me now .
Their shadows seem A canopy most fatal , under which Our army lies , ready to give up the ghost .	Their shadows seem like A killing canopy under which Our army lies , ready to surrender .
I will challenge him .	I ’ ll challenge him .
Come hither , gentlemen , And lay your hands again upon my sword .	Come over here , gentlemen , and put your hands on my sword again .
This is a knavery of them to make me afeard .	This is a bad joke of theirs to frighten me .
I am glad of it .	Good .
Tis but a man gone .	I guess it ’ s only one man — no big deal .
He hath a heart as sound as a bell , and his tongue is the clapper , for what his heart thinks , his tongue speaks .	Benedick ’ s heart is like a bell , with his tongue as the clapper : everything his heart thinks , his tongue speaks .
What wilt thou do for her ?	What are you going to do for her ?
Far off methinks I hear the beaten drum .	I think I hear the drums far away .
Out upon it , old carrion !	Damn it , old dead man !
Be wise , and get you home .	If you ’ re smart , you ’ ll go home .
The Marshal of France , Monsieur la Far .	The marshal of France , Monsieur la Far .
And you are come in very happy time , To bear my greeting to the senators And tell them that I will not come today .	And you ’ ve come at a very happy time To bear my greeting to the Senators , And tell them that I can ’ t come today .
Dost thou hold there still ?	Do you maintain the same story ?
Then so much have I heard .	I ’ ve heard a lot more .
Where runn ’ st thou so fast ?	Where are you running so fast ?
Down on your knees And thank heaven , fasting , for a good man ’ s love , For I must tell you friendly in your ear , Sell when you can ; you are not for all markets .	Get down on your knees and thank heaven for sending you such a good man .
If you think I come hither as a lion , it were pity of my life .	If you think I come here as a lion , shame on me .
That must we also .	That too .
Can anything be made of this ?	Can anything be made out of this ?
Nay , how will you do for a husband ?	No , how will you do for a husband ?
Then you ’ ll buy ' em to sell again .	If so , you ’ d be buying them to sell again .
Those that Macbeth hath slain .	The servants Macbeth killed .
And I know , my lord , If law , authority , and power deny not , It will go hard with poor Antonio .	And I know that unless the law intervenes , it ’ ll be bad news for poor Antonio .
So that by my foes , sir I profit in the knowledge of myself , and by my friends , I am abused .	My enemies help me understand myself better , which is an advantage , and my friends help me lie about myself , which is a disadvantage .
Poor soul !	Poor man !
Why , you gave no gold to me !	You didn ’ t give me any gold .
No , not till a hot January .	No , not until we see a hot January .
Sue to him again and he ’ s yours .	Go to him , petition him .
If it be so as so ’ tis put on me — And that in way of caution — I must tell you , You do not understand yourself so clearly As it behooves my daughter and your honor .	If things are the way people tell me they are — and they ’ re only telling me this to warn me — then I have to say , you ’ re not conducting yourself with the self-restraint a daughter of mine should show .
I had it of him : pardon me , Bassanio : For by this ring the doctor lay with me .	I got it from him : pardon me , Bassanio , Because , by this ring , the doctor slept with me .
A carrion death , within whose empty eye There is a written scroll .	It ’ s a skull with a scroll in its empty eye socket .
Lovers , to bed .	Lovers , it ’ s time to go to bed .
Besides , they are our outward consciences And preachers to us all , admonishing That we should dress us fairly for our end .	Besides , they act as outward consciences and preachers to us all , a visible reminder that we should prepare ourselves for death .
I think it is the weakness of mine eyes That shapes this monstrous apparition .	I think it is the weakness of my eyes That sees this monstrous ghost .
You cram these words into mine ears against The stomach of my sense .	You cram these words into my ears against The stomach of my sense .
She ’ s an excellent sweet lady , and , out of all suspicion , she is virtuous .	She ’ s an excellent , sweet woman , and there ’ s no doubt that she is virtuous .
Howl , howl , howl , howl !	Howl , howl , howl , howl !
Let him fly far .	Let him run far away .
And so am I , being else by faith enforced To call young Claudio to a reckoning for it .	Me too — otherwise I would have had to duel with Claudio .
I , for my part , knew the tailor that made the wings she flew withal .	I even knew the tailor who made the disguise she wore when she ran off .
No more than from my soul I mourn for yours .	No more than I do yours .
to Alonso &ket; Sir , we were talking that our garments seem &bra; to Alonso &ket; Sir , we were talking that our garments seem now as fresh as when we were at Tunis at the marriage of your daughter , who is not queen .	Sir , we were discussing how our garments now seem as fresh as they were when we were at the wedding of your daughter , who is now Queen , in Tunis .
My dear lord , You know the fiery quality of the duke , How unremoveable and fixed he is In his own course .	My dear lord , you know how passionately stubborn the duke is .
My father is not dead , for all your saying .	No matter what you say , my father is not dead .
Desist , and drink .	Give it up and go drink .
This rudeness is a sauce to his good wit , Which gives men stomach to digest his words With better appetite .	He speaks roughly , but what he says is smart , and his roughness makes other people enjoy listening to him .
Thanks , you the valiant of this warlike isle , That so approve the Moor !	Thank you , the valiant of this warlike isle , That so approve the Moor !
How do you now , lieutenant ?	How are you now , lieutenant ?
I grant I am a woman , but withal A woman that Lord Brutus took to wife .	I ’ ll grant you that I ’ m a woman , but I am , besides , A woman that Lord Brutus married .
An thou let part so , Sir Andrew , would thou mightst never draw sword again .	If you let her go this easily , Sir Andrew , you don ’ t deserve to ever use your sword again .
Get you all three into the boxtree .	Hide behind the boxwood hedge , all three of you .
But , well .	but never mind .
I ’ ll not be made a soft and dull-eyed fool To shake the head , relent and sigh , and yield To Christian intercessors .	I won ’ t be taken for a fool who sighs and gives in to Christian meddlers .
And you by land .	As you were on land .
Mistress , that you know .	Mistress , you know about that .
And be assured you ’ ll find a difference , As we his subjects have in wonder found , Between the promise of his greener days And these he masters now .	And , make no mistake , you ’ ll find , as we his subjects have , an amazing difference between the king as a young man and the way he is now .
Six or seven thousand is their utmost power .	Six or seven thousand , at most .
I warrant her rags and the	Her
Tis passing good .	Oh , lovely .
You must awhile be patient .	You ’ ll just have to be patient for a little while .
A pox of drowning thyself !	A pox on drowning yourself !
No slander .	That ’ s no lie .
Am I that name , Iago ?	Am I that name , Iago ?
I escaped upon a butt of sack which the sailors heaved o 'erboard — by this bottle , which I made of the bark of a tree with mine own hands since I was cast ashore .	Which I made of the bark of a tree , with my own hands , since I was cast ashore .
Excellent good , i ' faith .	That was excellent , really excellent .
Ay , two hours together .	Yes , we talked for a couple of hours .
Well , I conceive .	Well , I understand .
Nay , I ’ ll ne 'er believe a madman till I see his brains .	I ’ ll never believe a madman until I can see his brains .
Hoppedance cries in Tom ’ s belly for two white herring .	The demon Hoppedance is in Tom ’ s belly , crying for some fish to eat .
I did , my lord .	I did , my lord .
Your accent is something finer than you could purchase in so removed a dwelling .	Your speech is more refined than I would expect in such a remote place as this .
Now , Catesby , what says his grace ?	What ’ s up , Catesby , what does your master say ?
That which ordinary men are fit for , I am qualified in .	I ’ m good at everything that ordinary men can do .
He is attended with a desperate train .	His attendants are desperate , violent men .
Oh , that ’ s well said — the chair !	Good — here ’ s the stretcher .
It is an accustomed action with her to seem thus washing her hands .	She looks like she ’ s washing her hands .
You cannot speak of reason to the Dane , And lose your voice .	You cannot start to ask the King of Denmark , And then stop .
Fare you well , my lord .	Goodbye , my lord .
Sweet Moon , I thank thee for thy sunny beams .	Sweet Moon , I thank you for your sunny beams .
Three in Egypt Cannot make better note .	There aren ’ t three people in all of Egypt who could do better .
Where is Antony ?	Where 's Antony ?
We will persuade him , be it possible , To put on better ere he go to church .	I ’ ll try to persuade him to put on something more appropriate before going to the church , if it ’ s at all possible .
Give you good night .	Have a good night .
It is a high-wrought flood .	It was windy on shore too .
I doubt it not , sir , but you will curse your wooing . — Neighbor , this is a gift very grateful , I am sure of it .	No doubt , but you may be going about it the wrong way — Neighbor , this gift is very gracious , I ’ m sure .
Not a jot more , my lord .	For no man , sir .
I Richard ’ s body have interrèd anew , And on it have bestowed more contrite tears Than from it issued forcèd drops of blood .	I ’ ve transferred Richard ’ s body to a new grave and on it poured more tears of remorse than it has shed drops of blood .
Carry this mad knave to the jail . — Father Baptista , I charge you see that he be forthcoming .	Take this mad wretch to jail . — Father-in-law Baptista , will you see that he ’ s available to appear in court ?
I am only sorry He had no other death ’ s-man .	I ’ m just sorry I had to be the one to kill him .
Begone .	Leave .
Here , under leave of Brutus and the rest — For Brutus is an honorable man ; So are they all , all honorable men — Come I to speak in Caesar 's funeral .	Here , with the permission of Brutus and the rest , — Because Brutus is an honorable man ; And they are all , all honorable men , — I come to speak in Caesar 's funeral .
This is called “ the countercheck quarrelsome , ” and so to “ the lie circumstantial ” and “ the lie direct . ” And how oft did you say his beard was not well cut ?	They call this “ the argumentative countercheck . ” And so on through “ the circumstantial lie ” and “ the direct lie . ” And how many times did you say his beard wasn ’ t cut well ?
Good night , and better health Attend his Majesty !	Good-night ; and better health Attend his majesty !
My friend , thy husband , honest , honest Iago .	My friend , your husband , honest , honest Iago .
Not a mouse stirring .	I haven ’ t even heard a mouse squeak .
These tidings would well comfort Cassius .	These tidings would comfort Cassius very well .
We have scorched the snake , not killed it .	We have slashed the snake but not killed it .
Tis a lost fear : Man but a rush against Othello 's breast , And he retires .	It is a lost fear ; Man can only rush against Othello 's breast , And he retires .
In Venice they do let God see the pranks They dare not show their husbands .	They let God see things they wouldn ’ t show their husbands .
Heavens make our presence and our practices Pleasant and helpful to him !	I hope to God we can make him happy and do him some good !
Will you withdraw ?	Will you leave and hide ?
It might , my lord .	It might , my lord .
Ha !	Ha !
Had I not Four or five women once that tended me ?	Didn ’ t I use to have four or five women taking care of me ?
Where be his quiddities now , his quillets , his cases , his tenures , and his tricks ?	Where are his arguments now , his pens , his cases , his subpoenas , and his tricks ?
He tells me , my dear Gertrude , he hath found The head and source of all your son ’ s distemper .	Gertrude , he says he ’ s found out the reason for your son ’ s insanity .
He ’ s a good fellow , I can tell you that .	He ’ s a good fellow , I can tell you that much .
Hail !	Hail !
With all my heart , sir .	With all my heart , sir .
It shall be done .	I ’ ll do it .
Thou wretched , rash , intruding fool , farewell !	You wretched , rash , intruding fool , goodbye !
Why , he is the Prince ’ s jester , a very dull fool , only his gift is in devising impossible slanders .	Why , he ’ s the Prince ’ s fool , and a very dull fool at that .
None that I more love than myself .	Nobody I care about more than myself .
Whereon do you look ?	Where do you look ?
He lies tonight within seven leagues of Rome .	He lies tonight within twenty-one miles of Rome .
Do you doubt that ?	Do you doubt I ’ ll write ?
Why then , he is alive .	Well , then he must be alive .
And mine , two hundred .	And mine two hundred .
Let still the woman take An elder than herself .	A woman should always pick an older man .
My mistress , dearest , and I thus humble ever .	You ’ ll be my wife , dearest , and I ’ ll serve you forever .
Nay , I 'll go with thee , cheek by jowl .	No , I 'll go with you , cheek by jowl .
How many gentlemen have you lost in this action ?	How many noblemen were killed in the battle you just fought ?
I pray thee , let us go and find him out , And quicken his embraced heaviness , With some delight or other .	Please , let ’ s go and find out where he is , And help burn up his tangled depression With some delight or other .
Avaunt , you cullions !	Go !
His grace hath made the match , and all grace say “ Amen ” to it .	The Prince has made the match , and may God bless it .
Have with you .	Let ’ s go .
I am not merry , but I do beguile The thing I am by seeming otherwise .	I am not merry ; but I cheat The thing I am by seeming otherwise .
This was an ill beginning of the night .	This was a bad beginning of the night .
I attend them with all respect and duty .	I ’ ll wait on them with all respect and duty .
What can it not ?	What is there left to do ?
Caesar speaks .	Caesar ’ s talking .
Your hands than mine are quicker for a fray ; My legs are longer though , to run away .	Your hands are quicker than mine for a fight ; My legs are longer , though , to run away .
Good my lord — You have been a boggler ever .	My good lord — You ’ ve always been a liar .
Give me mine armor .	Give me my amour .
Leave you !	Leave you alone !
Caesar , I shall .	Right away , Caesar .
If it be so , It is a chance which does redeem all sorrows That ever I have felt .	If that ’ s true , it makes up for all the sorrows I ’ ve ever known .
And he is a very paramour for a sweet voice .	And his voice is the paramour of sweetness .
I protest I love thee .	I swear , I love you .
Well , my good lord , I have informed them so .	My lord , I informed them as much .
Such an exploit have I in hand , Ligarius , Had you a healthful ear to hear of it .	Indeed , I would have such an exploit for you , Ligarius , if you were healthy enough to hear it .
Ay , and Wall too .	Yes , and Wall too .
Perchance he is not drown ’ d . — What think you , sailors ?	Or maybe there ’ s a chance he didn ’ t drown . — What do you think , sailors ?
Liar and slave !	Liar and slave !
And yet it is danger To make him even o 'er the time he has lost .	But it ’ s dangerous to make him try to make sense of the time he lost .
O brave touch !	Oh brave touch !
Could beauty , my lord , have better commerce than with honesty ?	Could beauty , my lord , have better dealings than with sincerity ?
The fiend is strong within him .	The devil in him is strong !
And did you leave him in this contemplation ?	And did you leave him like this ?
O day untowardly turned !	Oh , this day has turned into a disaster !
No more , I pray you .	No more about that , please .
Was this ambition ?	Was this ambition ?
Why , Fool ?	Why , Fool ?
He ’ ll be hanged yet , though every drop of water swear against it and gape at widest to glut him .	This bigmouth jerk here — ( He ’ ll still die by hanging , not drowning , even if every drop of water in the sea tries to swallow him .
Not on thy sole , but on thy soul , harsh Jew , Thou makest thy knife keen .	You ’ re sharpening that knife not on your sole but on your soul , you cruel Jew .
Beg another of thy daughters .	Ask your daughters for another one .
I will fetch you light , and paper , and ink .	But I ’ ll get you a candle and paper and ink .
And I have built Two chantries where the sad and solemn priests Sing still for Richard ’ s soul .	And I ’ ve built two chapels where solemn priests sing continually for Richard ’ s soul .
But , look !	But , look !
She was , good Curtis , before this frost .	Well she was , good Curtis , before this frost .
Here comes one o ' the parings .	Here comes the owner of one piece .
He is unqualitied with very shame .	He ’ s not himself because he feels so ashamed .
If thou attempt it , it will cost thee dear : Thou hast no weapon , and perforce must suffer .	You have no weapon , and must be forced to suffer .
How now , sir ?	Hello there , sir !
Thrice hath Calphurnia in her sleep cried out , “ Help , ho !	Calphurnia cried out three times in her sleep , “ Help , someone !
Then we are rid of Litio .	So Litio ’ s out of the picture .
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
He fears , my lord , you mean no good to him .	My lord , he ’ s afraid you mean him harm .
That ever I should call thee castaway !	Oh , to think you ’ ve been rejected !
Did you and he consent in Cassio ’ s death ?	Did you plan Cassio ’ s death with him ?
As the ox hath his bow , sir , the horse his curb , and the falcon her bells , so man hath his desires ; and as pigeons bill , so wedlock would be nibbling .	Just as the ox has his yoke , the horse its bridle , the falcon a tether , a man has his desires — to keep in check .
Not with salt tears .	Not from crying .
Why should the poor be flatter 'd ?	Why should the poor be flattered ?
It is so .	Fair enough .
And therefore will come .	So that means she ’ ll come .
As easy mayst thou the intrenchant air With thy keen sword impress as make me bleed .	You might as well try to stab the air with your sword .
O the blessed gods !	Oh , dear gods !
Sheathe your dagger .	There ’ s my dagger Put away your dagger .
The madly used Malvolio . ” Did he write this ?	Signed , The poorly treated Malvolio . ” Did he write this ?
If you choose that , then I am yours withal .	If you choose that one , I ’ m yours , along with the picture .
That must we also .	That we must do that also .
No , faith , my lord .	No , faith , my lord .
Because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians , you ’ ll have your daughter covered with a Barbary horse .	We come here to help you and you treat us like thugs , but you let an African horse climb all over your daughter .
How now , daughter and cousin ?	What ’ s up , daughter and niece ?
I have used it , nuncle , ever since thou madest thy daughters thy mothers .	I ’ ve been singing ever since you made your daughters into your mothers by giving them all your power .
Go , make money .	Go now and get cash .
Thou canst tell why one ’ s nose stands i ' th ' middle on ’ s face ?	Do you know why the nose is in the middle of a person ’ s face ?
What , look you pale ?	What , do you look pale ?
Be eloquent in my behalf to her .	Be eloquent on my behalf .
Come , my spade .	Now go and get me some booze .
With the same ' havior that your passion bears Goes on my master ’ s grief .	My lord acts just as crazy with love as you do .
Had she been true , If heaven would make me such another world Of one entire and perfect chrysolite , I ’ d not have sold her for it .	If she ’ d been faithful to me , I never would have given her up , not even if God himself offered me a jewel as big as a planet in exchange for her .
O my dear Cassio , my sweet Cassio !	O my dear Cassio , my sweet Cassio !
Now quit you well . — Torches , torches !	Be convincing .
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious , And Brutus is an honorable man .	Yet Brutus says he was ambitious , and Brutus is an honorable man .
How now !	How is it now !
My lord !	My lord !
Such as she says my lord did say I was .	What my lord said I was .
What was it you told me of today , that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signor Benedick ?	What was it that you told me today — that your niece Beatrice was in love with Signior Benedick ?
My countryman : but yet I know him not .	My countryman , but I still don ’ t know him .
Hold , worthy lady , hold !	Stop , brave lady , stop !
It is enacted in the laws of Venice , If it be proved against an alien That by direct or indirect attempts He seek the life of any citizen , The party ' gainst the which he doth contrive Shall seize one half his goods .	The laws of Venice state that if a foreign resident directly or indirectly attempts to kill any citizen , the person he tried to kill will receive one half of the foreigner ’ s goods .
Here is the head of that ignoble traitor , The dangerous and unsuspected Hastings .	Here ’ s the head of that notorious traitor , the dangerous and unsuspected Hastings .
You shall be King .	You shall be king .
What news , what news in this our tott 'ring state ?	What news can you tell me in this fast-moving , unsteady state of ours ?
Happily he 's the second time come to them ; for they say an old man is twice a child .	Happily this is the second time he uses them , for they say an old man is twice a child .
It is no boast , being asked , to say we are .	Since you asked , I suppose it ’ s not bragging to say that we are .
I will not go today , and ere I do It shall be what o 'clock I say it is .	We won ’ t go today — or any day until it ’ s clear that it shall be whatever time I say it is .
Is ’ t not the king ?	Isn ’ t that the king ?
I am not so well as I should be , but I ’ ll ne ’ er out .	I don ’ t feel so well , but I won ’ t stop .
Why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes ?	Why did you once seem lovely to me ?
Let me see ' em .	Let me see them .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Madam ?	Madam ?
Avaunt !	Go away !
We must be patient , but I cannot choose but weep , to think they should lay him i ' th ' cold ground .	Don ’ t mess with me .
My lord , they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband .	My lord , they ’ re waiting for you to give your daughter away to Claudio .
You shall play it in a mask , and you may speak as small as you will .	You ’ ll wear a mask , and you can make your voice as high as you want to .
Well , here ’ s my comfort .	At least I ’ ve got some booze to comfort me .
In faith , he 's penitent ; And yet his trespass , in our common reason — Save that , they say , the wars must make examples Out of their best — is not almost a fault To incur a private check .	in faith , he 's very sorry ; And yet his crime , in our common reason , Except that , they say , the wars must make examples Out of their best , is not almost a fault To incur a private punishment .
My lord , I do not know that I did cry .	My lord , I don ’ t think I cried out .
Pray you , let 's have no more fooling about it , but give me your blessing ; I am Launcelot , your boy that was , your son that is , your child that shall be .	Please , let 's have no more fooling about it , but give me your blessing ; I am Launcelot , your boy that was , your son that is , your child that shall be .
Wilt thou destroy him then ?	Will you kill him then ?
Take not her part .	Don ’ t take Helena ’ s side .
Oh , was she so ?	Oh , was she now ?
What is your will ?	Do you need something ?
I will talk further with you .	Let ’ s discuss it some more .
Ay , he spoke Greek .	Yes , he spoke in Greek .
Tis well for thee That , being unseminared , thy freer thoughts May not fly forth of Egypt .	It ’ s a good thing for you that , being castrated , you can better concentrate on my needs .
Have you that holy feeling in your souls To counsel me to make my peace with God , And art you yet to your own souls so blind That thou will war with God by murd 'ring me ?	You have enough holy feeling to advise me to “ make peace with God , ” but you ’ re willing to go to war with God by murdering me ?
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking ?	Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking ?
He is as horribly conceited of him , and pants and looks pale , as if a bear were at his heels .	He ’ s pale and hyperventilating , as if a bear were chasing him .
I evermore did love you , Hermia , Did ever keep your counsels , never wrong 'd you ; Save that , in love unto Demetrius , I told him of your stealth unto this wood .	I always loved you , Hermia ; Always kept your counsels ; never wronged you ; Except that , because of my love for Demetrius , I told him of your running away into this forest .
Are you acquainted with the difference That holds this present question in the court ?	Are you familiar with the case currently before the court ?
But soft !	But wait !
It begins “ Hold thy peace . ” I shall never begin if I hold my peace .	It starts , “ Shut up . ” I ’ ll never be able to start if I shut up .
What , shall I be appointed hours as though , belike , I knew not what to take and what to leave , ha ?	Am I to be dictated to , like a child ?
Nay then , let the devil wear black , for I 'll have a suit of sables .	No then , let the devil wear black , for I ’ ll have a suit of black fur .
Arise , black vengeance , from thy hollow cell !	Arise , black vengeance , from your hollow hell !
O , thou well-skilled in curses , stay awhile , And teach me how to curse mine enemies .	You who are so skilled in cursing , stay awhile and teach me how to curse my enemies .
O , thou art wise ; ' tis certain .	O , you are wise ; that is certain .
But his flawed heart — Alack , too weak the conflict to support — ' Twixt two extremes of passion , joy and grief , Burst smilingly .	But his frail heart , too weak to grapple with such a conflict between joy and sadness , gave out .
Is he alone ?	Is he alone ?
The violence of either grief or joy Their own enactures with themselves destroy .	The violence of either grief or joy Destroys their own keeping of them with themselves .
Why , if two gods should play some heavenly match , And on the wager lay two earthly women , And Portia one , there must be something else Pawn 'd with the other ; for the poor rude world Hath not her fellow .	Why , if two gods should play some heavenly match , And place a bet on two earthly women , And Portia is one of them , there must be something else To bet on with the other , because the poor rude world Does not have her equal .
Thou look ’ st like him that knows a warlike charge .	You look like a person who knows the business of war .
How now , my friend , why dost thou look so pale ?	Why so pale , my friend ?
Twas you we laughed at .	It was you we laughed at .
I ne 'er saw this before .	I never saw this before .
What , in the midst of the street ?	What , here in the middle of the street ?
O heaven !	O heaven !
No marvel , lord , though it affrighted you .	Clarence has arrived — lying , cowardly I ’ m not surprised it scared you , my lord .
Here , sirrah Grumio .	Here , you there , Grumio .
Oh , say so , and so be !	Oh , say it , and mean it !
And do but see his vice ; ' Tis to his virtue a just equinox , The one as long as the other .	and don ’ t only see his vice ; It is a proper contradiction to his virtue , The one is as long as the other .
O dolt !	You stupid fool !
Came they not by you ?	Didn ’ t they pass by you ?
Whither away ?	Where are you going ?
Have I in conquest stretched mine arm so far To be afraid to tell graybeards the truth ?	Have I accomplished so much in battle , but now I ’ m afraid to tell some old men the truth ?
O , what a rash and bloody deed is this !	O , what a thoughtless and bloody deed this is !
But , room , fairy !	But step aside , fairy !
Bite him to death , I prithee .	Bite him to death , please .
Why , thou loss upon loss !	Why , you — loss on loss !
Not so , my lord .	Not so , my lord .
She cannot endure to hear tell of a husband .	She can ’ t stand to hear about getting a husband .
To find out you .	To find you .
Mistress , Wilt thou still talk ?	Mistress , think about your end — beware of your death !
O insupportable and touching loss !	What an irreplaceable and grievous loss !
An he should , it were an alms to hang him .	If he did that , it would be a charitable deed to hang him .
Where ?	Where ?
Thou hast described A hot friend cooling .	You ’ ve described A hot friend cooling off .
Save you , gentleman .	Hello , sir .
Are there no stones in heaven But what serve for the thunder ? — Precious villain !	You absolute villain !
Oh , I die for food .	Oh , I ’ m dying of hunger .
Nay , I prithee , put on this gown and this beard .	No , I ’ m telling you , put on this robe and beard .
If thou wert my fool , nuncle , I ’ d have thee beaten for being old before thy time .	If you were my fool , uncle , I ’ d have you beaten for getting old before your time .
I think there ’ s never a man in Christendom Can lesser hide his love or hate than he , For by his face straight shall you know his heart .	I don ’ t think there ’ s a man under the sun who ’ s worse at hiding his love or hate than Richard .
Down !	Down !
This hand of yours requires A sequester from liberty , fasting and prayer , Much castigation , exercise devout , For here 's a young and sweating devil here That commonly rebels .	This hand of yours requires A vacation from liberty , fasting , and prayer , Much punishment , holy exercise , Because here 's a young and sweating devil here That commonly rebels .
How came her eyes so bright ?	How did her eyes come to be so bright ?
I will do so .	OK , that ’ s fine .
Will you to Scone ?	Will you be going to Scone ?
Why is your cheek so pale ?	Why are you so pale ?
Banquo and Macbeth , all hail !	Banquo and Macbeth , all hail !
The enemy increaseth every day .	The enemy gets larger each day .
How is the man esteemed here in the city ?	What ’ s this man ’ s reputation like here in the city ?
Hark !	Look !
Satan , avoid !	Get away from me , Satan !
I had forgot thee .	I had forgotten about you .
If I do find him fit , I ’ ll move your suit And seek to effect it to my uttermost .	If he ’ s in a good mood I ’ ll mention you again , and do everything I can .
Who was ’ t came by ?	Who was it that came here ?
This is the very ecstasy of love , Whose violent property fordoes itself And leads the will to desperate undertakings As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures .	This is the very passion of love Whose violent property kills itself , And leads the will to desperate undertakings As often as any passion under heaven That afflicts our natures .
Come hither , you rogue !	Come here , you wretch !
Haply when I shall wed That lord whose hand must take my plight shall carry Half my love with him , half my care and duty .	Hopefully when I get married , I ’ ll give my husband half my love and half my sense of duty .
I am a gentleman , sir , and my name is Conrade .	I ’ m a gentleman , sir , and my name is Conrade .
Yea , but you must not make the full show of this till you may do it without controlment .	Sure , but don ’ t do it at full volume until there ’ s no danger in it .
Tis the infirmity of his age .	He ’ s going senile .
Nor I.	Me neither .
Fear not , till Birnam Wood Do come to Dunsinane , ” and now a wood Comes toward Dunsinane .	Fear not , until Birnam wood Do come to Dunsinane ; " and now a wood Comes toward Dunsinane .
I do not know One of my sex , no woman ’ s face remember — Save , from my glass , mine own .	I ’ ve never known any woman or seen a woman ’ s face — except my own in the mirror .
I have done ill , Of which I do accuse myself so sorely That I will joy no more .	I ’ ve done a bad thing , for which I will blame myself so much that I ’ ll never be happy again .
I set him there , sir , but his own disorders Deserved much less advancement .	I sent him there , sir , but his crimes deserved a worse punishment .
What men may do !	The things men are allowed to do !
Tongue nor heart cannot conceive nor name thee !	This is beyond words and beyond belief !
All for your delight We are not here .	All for your delight We are not here .
What are they that do play it ?	Who are they that do play it ?
Alas , poor caitiff !	The poor thing !
And so will I.	And so will I.
We have sworn , my lord , already .	We have sworn , my lord , already .
Ay , if the fool could find it where it lies .	True , if a fool such as yourself could find it .
I ’ ll drink to her as long as there is a passage in my throat and drink in Illyria .	I ’ ll drink to her as long as there ’ s a hole in my throat and booze in Illyria .
A turn or two I ’ ll walk To still my beating mind .	I ’ ll go for a short walk to calm down my feverish mind .
Villainous whore !	Villainous whore !
Confirmed , confirmed !	Then it ’ s confirmed !
Antonio never yet was thief or pirate , Though , I confess , on base and ground enough , Orsino ’ s enemy .	I was never a thief or a pirate , though I admit I was your enemy for good reasons .
Well , let it be . — What ho , Malvolio !	Come here !
I am not a slut , though I thank the gods I am foul .	I ’ m not a slut — I keep myself clean — but I thank God I am ugly .
That is enough to satisfy the senate .	That ’ s enough for the senate .
I now repent I told the pursuivant , As too triumphing , how mine enemies Today at Pomfret bloodily were butchered , And I myself secure in grace and favor .	And I regret having bragged to the messenger about how my enemies were being butchered at Pomfret while I , as I said , was in good standing with Richard .
For this pains Caesar hath hanged him .	Caesar hanged him for this service .
Not on thy sole , but on thy soul , harsh Jew , Thou mak 'st thy knife keen ; but no metal can , No , not the hangman 's axe , bear half the keenness Of thy sharp envy .	You make your knife sharp , not on the sole of your shoe , But on your soul , harsh Jew , but no metal can , No , not the hangman 's axe , be sharpened to half the sharpness Of your sharp hate .
Cassio ’ s a proper man .	Cassio ’ s a handsome man .
Speak , I charge you .	Speak , I command you .
Varro and Claudio !	Varro and Claudius !
Hark .	Listen .
False justicer , why hast thou let her ’ scape ?	You corrupt judge , why did you let her escape ?
Tell Antony Brutus is ta 'en .	Tell Antony that Brutus has been taken .
How comes it ?	Why ?
You laugh when boys or women tell their dreams .	You must be the one who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams .
A pair of stocks , you rogue !	You thug !
That ’ s fouler .	That ’ s worse .
Are we all ready ?	Are we all ready ?
You say he dined at home ; the goldsmith here Denies that saying .	ate at home , but the jeweler says he didn ’ t .
The one , to save the money that he spends in tiring ; the other , that at dinner they should not drop in his porridge .	One , so they can save the money they spent on hairstyling , and two , so that when their hair falls out it doesn ’ t land in their dinner .
From that place I shall no leading need .	Once I ’ m there , I won ’ t need a guide anymore .
Save you , friend Cassio !	Save you , friend Cassio !
Let four captains Bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage , For he was likely , had he been put on , To have proved most royally .	Let four captains carry Hamlet like a soldier onto the stage .
Do but go after And mark how he continues .	Just go after him and watch what he does next .
Alas , and woe !	Sadness and despair !
I say I love thee more than he can do .	I say that I love you more than he does .
I rather think You have not sought her help , of whose soft grace For the like loss I have her sovereign aid , And rest myself content .	I rather think You haven ’ t sought her help , by whose soft grace , I have received her royal aid for a similar loss , And I am at peace .
They are , my lord , without the palace gate .	They are , my lord , outside the palace gate .
to Sebastian &ket; Why , in good time .	To ALONSO .
My lord of Burgundy .	My lord the ruler of Burgundy , I ’ ll speak to you first .
Praised be God , and not our strength , for it !	God , not our strength , be praised !
Alas , poor country !	Alas , our poor country !
For my Lord Lackbeard there , he and I shall meet , and till then peace be with him .	Lord Babyface over there will meet me in a duel , and good luck to him then .
And if thou prate of mountains let them throw Millions of acres on us , till our ground , Singeing his pate against the burning zone , Make Ossa like a wart !	And if you rattle on about mountains , then let them throw millions of acres over us .
A could never abide carnation .	He could never bear carnation .
On a trice , so please you , Even in a dream were we divided from them And were brought moping hither .	In an instant we were separated from them , as if in a dream , and brought here in a daze .
Therefore he hates me .	That ’ s why he hates me .
I marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are .	I ’ m amazed how similar you and your daughters are .
We 'll hear him , we 'll follow him , we 'll die with him .	We 'll hear him , we 'll follow him , we 'll die with him .
I will have such revenges on you both That all the world shall — I will do such things — What they are yet I know not , but they shall be The terrors of the earth .	No , you monstrous hags , I ’ ll get revenge on you both that will make the whole world … I will do such things — I don ’ t know what I ’ ll do exactly , but it ’ ll be devastating .
What to ourselves in passion we propose , The passion ending , doth the purpose lose .	What we promise ourselves in a fit of passion , When the passion ends , so does the promise .
Once more remove , good friends .	Once more , leave , good friends .
And terms compulsatory , those foresaid lands So by his father lost .	The ghost is definitely something to worry about .
Here lies your way .	The door ’ s right here .
Tis even so ; For let our finger ache , and it indues Our other healthful members even to that sense Of pain .	It ’ s even so true That we let our finger ache and it infects Our other healthful members , even to the point Of pain .
Look , where she comes .	Look out , here she comes .
He receives comfort like cold porridge .	Any comfort he gets is like cold oatmeal .
Spake you of Caesar ?	Are you talking about Caesar ?
Mine ache to think on ’ t .	It ’ s mine , sir .
Will you walk , sir ? — O Desdemona — My lord ?	Would you walk out with me , sir ? — Oh , Desdemona — Yes , my lord ?
Methinks there is much reason in his sayings .	I think there is a lot of reason in what he ’ s saying .
Nay , I ’ ll go with thee , cheek by jowl .	No , I ’ ll walk right next to you , side by side .
Was the crown offered him thrice ?	Was the crown offered to him three times ?
Ay , Caesar , but not gone .	Yes , Caesar , but it ’ s not gone yet .
But let it be .	Hurry !
I think it be thine indeed , for thou liest in 't .	I think it ’ s yours indeed , for you lie in it .
I did hear him groan , Ay , and that tongue of his that bade the Romans Mark him and write his speeches in their books — “ Alas , ” it cried , “ give me some drink , Titinius , ” As a sick girl .	I heard him groan — yes , I did — and the same tongue that ordered the Romans to obey him and transcribe his speeches in their books cried , “ Give me some water , Titinius , ” like a sick girl .
So that , as clear as is the summer ’ s sun , King Pepin ’ s title and Hugh Capet ’ s claim , King Lewis his satisfaction , all appear To hold in right and title of the female .	Thus , it should be clear as day that King Pepin ’ s title , Hugh Capet ’ s claim , and the resolution of King Lewis ’ s doubts all plainly derive from the female .
I 'll stay no longer question .	I 'll wait no longer .
I am justly kill 'd with mine own treachery .	I am justly killed with my own wickedness .
Thus it remains , and the remainder thus .	Think about it .
Sure ones , then .	Then sure ones .
Where art thou ?	Where are you ?
Suffolk first died , and York , all haggled over , Comes to him where in gore he lay insteeped And takes him by the beard , kisses the gashes That bloodily did yawn upon his face .	Suffolk died first , and York , cut to pieces , came to him where he lay in his blood and took him by the face , kissing his gashes .
Your husband being troubled with a shrew Measures my husband ’ s sorrow by his woe .	Your husband , being saddled with a shrew , projects his own suffering onto my husband .
Thou may 'st , I warrant we shall have old swearing , That they did give the rings away to men ; But we 'll outface them , and outswear them too .	We shall have old swearing That they gave the rings away to men ; But we 'll confront them , and outswear them too .
It is the rival of my love .	It is my rival for Bianca .
Your cousin , my lady , takes great exceptions to your ill hours .	My lady Olivia , your niece , disapproves of your late-night partying .
A mellifluous voice , as I am true knight .	A beautiful voice , I swear .
Madam , with all my heart , I shall obey you in all fair commands .	Madam , I shall obey you in all fair commands .
Why have you stol ’ n upon us thus ?	Then why did you travel so quietly ?
I pray you , keep it in .	Please , keep it to yourself .
Cleopatra , Not what you have reserved nor what acknowledged Put we i ’ th ’ roll of conquest .	Cleopatra , our conquest won ’ t include either the things you kept back or the ones you listed .
I beseech you .	Go ahead ..
But out of question , ’ tis Maria ’ s hand .	It ’ s definitely Maria ’ s handwriting .
And all my armor laid into my tent ?	And has my armor been put in my tent ?
My father — methinks I see my father .	My father … I think I see my father .
For , by this heaven , now at our sorrows pale , Say what thou canst , I ’ ll go along with thee .	I swear by the heavens , which have grown pale in sympathy with us , I ’ m going with you , whatever you say .
And now forward with thy tale .	Now get on with your story .
And for my name of George begins with It follows in his thought that I am he .	He thinks “ G ” is me .
Be better suited .	Change into better clothes .
Why , what should be the fear ?	Why , what should I be afraid of ?
Tell me , Laertes , Why thou art thus incensed .	Tell me , Laertes , Why are you so angry like this ?
Look , here she comes .	Look , here she comes .
And O you mortal engines , whose rude throats The immortal Jove 's dread clamors counterfeit , Farewell !	And , O you mortal device , whose rude throats Pretend to be the immortal Jove 's dread clamors , Farewell !
It was mere foolery ; I did not mark it .	It was merely a joke ; I didn ’ t pay attention to it .
So please your Grace , the Prologue is address 'd .	So please your grace , the prologue is next .
What man is that ?	Who ’ s that ?
Take them away .	Take them away .
Live Roderigo , He calls me to a restitution large Of gold and jewels that I bobb 'd from him , As gifts to Desdemona ; It must not be .	Live , Roderigo , He calls me to give back all Of gold and jewels that I robbed from him , As gifts to Desdemona ; It can ’ t happen .
Hail , king !	Hail , king !
Let us be sacrificers but not butchers , Caius .	Let ’ s be sacrificers but not butchers , Caius .
True , madam ; he , of all the men that ever my foolish eyes looked upon , was the best deserving a fair lady .	True , madam ; he , that , of all the men that I have ever seen with my foolish eyes , was the most deserving of a beautiful lady .
But if he had not been in drink , he would have tickled you othergates than he did .	If he hadn ’ t been drunk , he would ’ ve really roughed you up .
Safely stow 'd .	Safely hidden .
Ish a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal .	It ’ s a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal .
I have rubb 'd this young quat almost to the sense , And he grows angry .	I have rubbed this young pimple almost to the purpose , And he grows angry .
That ’ s not the tune .	That ’ s not the tune I had in mind .
Aside &ket; Why speaks my father so urgently ?	Aside .
But while thou livest , keep a good tongue in thy head .	But try to control your speech .
Ere the bat hath flown His cloister 'd flight ; ere to black Hecate 's summons The shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums Hath rung night 's yawning peal , there shall be done A deed of dreadful note .	Before the bat has flown His hidden flight , before black Hecate 's summons are heard , Before the dung beetle , with his drowsy hums , Rings the bell to end the night , there shall be done A deed of dreadful note .
Would he deny his letter , said he ?	He said he would deny that he wrote his letter ?
He is , indeed , sir , the most skillful , bloody , and fatal opposite that you could possibly have found in any part of Illyria .	He really is the most skillful , bloodthirsty , and dangerous opponent you can find in Illyria .
Liar and slave !	Liar , and slave !
Caliban !	Pile of dirt !
Think on me , That am with Phoebus ’ amorous pinches black And wrinkled deep in time .	Are you thinking about me ?
I give away myself for you and dote upon the exchange .	For you , I give myself away and I ’ m ecstatic about the exchange .
Art thou the slave that with thy breath hast killed Mine innocent child ?	Are you the slave who , with your slanderous words , killed my innocent child ?
Where souls do couch on flowers , we ’ ll hand in hand , And with our sprightly port make the ghosts gaze .	In the place where souls recline on beds of flowers we ’ ll walk hand in hand and amaze the other ghosts with our spirited demeanor .
O , give me leave .	O , give me permission .
Despair , and die !	Myself ?
O brave monster !	O brave monster !
Metellus Cimber ?	Metellus Cimber ?
Know I these men that come along with you ?	Do I know these men who are with you ?
I warrant it will .	I bet it will .
They mean this night in Sardis to be quartered .	They plan to spend the night in Sardis .
His royal grace , Whom God preserve better than you would wish , Cannot be quiet scarce a breathing while But you must trouble him with lewd complaints .	The king — whom I hope God will protect better than you would like — can ’ t get a minute ’ s rest without you bothering him with your outrageous complaints .
Troth , no , no more than reason .	Truly , no — no more than is reasonable .
Burn !	Burn !
You have a daughter called Elizabeth , Virtuous and fair , royal and gracious .	You have a daughter named Elizabeth , who is virtuous and beautiful , aristocratic and full of grace .
But forbear , I say .	But stop , I say .
Thou shalt get kings , though thou be none .	Your sons will be kings , even though you will not be king .
Portia , adieu .	Portia , goodbye to you .
Here .	Here .
You wrong me every way , you wrong me , Brutus .	You wrong me every way , you wrong me , Brutus .
I know not .	I don ’ t know .
Their ships are yare , yours , heavy .	Yours are slow and awkward .
For all the rest , Let Lion , Moonshine , Wall , and lovers twain , At large discourse while here they do remain .	For all the rest , Let Lion , Moonshine , Wall , and the two lovers , Tell you while they stay here .
For his thoughts , Would they were blanks , rather than fill ’ d with me .	As for his thoughts , I wish he ’ d think about nothing at all rather than think about me all the time .
Abide me , if thou darest ; for well I wot Thou runnest before me , shifting every place , And darest not stand , nor look me in the face .	Wait for me , if you dare ; Because I know well That you are running before me , moving from place to place , Not daring to stand still or look me in the face .
What , and my old Venetian friend Salerio ?	Yes , my lord .
Read it , great Caesar .	Read it , great Caesar .
And golden Phoebus never be beheld Of eyes again so royal !	The sun will never be seen by such royal eyes again .
This is the day which , in King Edward ’ s time , I wished might fall on me when I was found False to his children and his wife ’ s allies .	Today I ’ m going to get what I said I wished would happen to me if I was ever false to King Edward ’ s children or his wife ’ s allies .
Why , Dromio ?	Why , Dromio ?
Your eyes drop millstones , when fools ' eyes drop tears .	When fools cry , you remain stony .
There , my lord .	There , my lord .
It doth not fit me .	You ’ re right .
She desires to speak with you in her closet , ere you go to bed .	She wants to speak with you in her bedroom before you go to bed .
Justice , most sacred duke , against the Abbess .	Duke , the abbess has wronged me and I seek justice .
But hast thou yet latch 'd the Athenian 's eyes With the love-juice , as I did bid thee do ?	But have you touched the Athenian 's eyes With the love-juice yet , as I told you to ?
Be as thou wast wont to be ; See as thou was wont to see .	Be as you are accustomed to being ; See as you are accustomed to seeing .
Near and on speedy foot .	Very near , and approaching fast .
Once more , good night , kind lords and gentlemen .	Again , good night , kind lords and gentlemen .
Caius Ligarius doth bear Caesar hard , Who rated him for speaking well of Pompey .	Caius Ligarius doesn ’ t like Caesar , Who berated him for speaking well of Pompey .
There 's a poor piece of gold for thee .	There 's a poor piece of gold for you .
Fairy King , attend , and mark .	Listen , Fairy King .
Signior Montano , Your trusty and most valiant servitor , With his free duty recommends you thus , And prays you to believe him .	Signior Montano , Your trusty and very valiant servant , Salutes you like this , with his free duty , And begs you to believe him .
Come , go we to the King .	Come , let ’ s go to the king .
My lord ?	Excuse me , my lord ?
There ’ s part of a power already footed .	Armed forces have already landed .
What shall I call thee when thou art a man ?	What should I call you when you ’ re a man ?
Who 's that ?	Who 's that ?
Did you say all ?	Did you say all ?
But are you sure That Benedick loves Beatrice so entirely ?	But are you sure that Benedick loves Beatrice that much ?
No , I will be the pattern of all patience .	No , I ’ ll be patient .
It would cost you a groaning to take off my edge .	It would cost you a night in bed to take the edge off me .
I pray thee , mark me .	Please listen to me carefully .
Sayest thou so ?	Do you really mean that ?
Humbly I thank your Grace .	Humbly I thank your grace .
Past all expressing .	I like her more than I can say .
Serve you , sir .	To work for you , sir .
Take up her bed And bear her women from the monument .	Pick up her bed and carry her ladies out of the tomb .
And aroint thee , witch , aroint thee !	And go away , witch , go away .
I ’ ll have my bond .	I want my bond .
Hail !	Hail !
Ay , at Philippi .	Yes , at Philippi .
I cannot be so partial , Goneril , To the great love I bear you — Pray you , content .	Goneril , you know how much I love you , but still I have to say — Shush , please .
Yare , yare !	Quick , quick !
I love thee well in that thou lik ’ st it not .	I love you all the more for not liking it .
Your name , sir , truly .	Your name , sir , truly .
I rather choose To wrong the dead , to wrong myself and you , Than I will wrong such honorable men .	I would rather wrong the dead , and wrong myself and you , than wrong such honorable men .
Good sir , be a man , Think every bearded fellow that ’ s but yoked May draw with you .	Sir , be a man .
I fear I wrong the honorable men Whose daggers have stabb 'd Caesar ; I do fear it .	I ’ m afraid I wrong the honorable men Whose daggers have stabbed Caesar ; I really do fear it .
Where art thou ?	Where are you ?
But I pray you ergo , old man , ergo , I beseech you , talk you of young master Launcelot .	But please , therefore , old man , therefore , I beg you , are you talking about young Master Launcelot ?
Thy master and his man are here , And that is false thou dost report to us .	Your master and his servant are here .
Who ever knew the heavens menace so ?	Who ever saw the heavens threaten like this ?
my lord , my lord !	my lord , my lord !
Please 't your Highness To grace us with your royal company ?	Will your highness Please grace us with your royal company ?
Oh , banish me , my lord , but kill me not !	Send me away , my lord , but don ’ t kill me !
No , this my hand will rather The multitudinous seas incarnadine , Making the green one red .	No , my hand will rather Redden the many seas , Making the green one red .
I have an humor to knock you indifferently well .	I ’ m in a mood to beat you up pretty good .
But the great one that goes up the hill , let him draw thee after .	But if you see a wheel going uphill , latch on for the ride .
Whence are you , sir ?	Where are you from ?
a sweet woman !	A sweet woman !
I am much afeard my lady his mother played false with a smith .	I ’ m afraid his mother may have had an affair with a blacksmith .
Come , some music !	Come , some music !
Here , sir !	Here , sir !
If you are so fond over her iniquity , give her patent to offend , for , if it touch not you , it comes near nobody .	If you ’ re so fond of her sin , give her permission to offend ; because , if it doesn ’ t affect you , it affects nobody .
Art thou contented , Jew ?	Are you content , Jew ?
A fig !	Nonsense !
But I have spoke With one that saw him die , who did report That very frankly he confessed his treasons , Implored your highness ' pardon , and set forth A deep repentance .	But I spoke with someone who saw Cawdor die , and he said that Cawdor openly confessed his treasons , begged your highness ’ s forgiveness , and repented deeply .
But lend it rather to thine enemy , Who , if he break , thou mayst with better face Exact the penalty .	Instead , lend it to me as your enemy .
Then there is no true lover in the forest , else sighing every minute and groaning every hour would detect the lazy foot of time as well as a clock .	Then there must be no lovers in the forest , either , because they ’ re as good as a clock , marking the lazy foot of time with a sigh every minute and a groan every hour .
That , sir , which I will not report after her .	That , sir , which I will not report about her .
We hope to make the sender blush at it .	I hope to make the sender blush for it .
Were never orphans had so dear a loss .	There have never been orphans who ’ ve suffered what we have .
You the like loss ?	You suffered a loss like mine ?
Sir , the gods Will have it thus .	The gods have ordained it to be like this , sir .
Nor know I aught But that he ’ s well and will be shortly here .	As far as I know , he ’ s okay and will arrive here soon .
He hath twice or thrice cut Cupid ’ s bow-string , and the little hangman dare not shoot at him .	He ’ s evaded love once or twice , and since then Cupid doesn ’ t dare to shoot at him .
He ’ s as tall a man as any ’ s in Illyria .	He ’ s as
I say thou hast belied mine innocent child .	You have ruined my innocent child .
I know not , sweet .	I don ’ t know either .
What says that fool of Hagar 's offspring ; ha ?	What says that fool of Hagar 's offspring , huh ?
Why , is it not news to hear of Petruchio ’ s coming ?	Well , is it not news that Petruchio ’ s coming ?
A carrion Death , within whose empty eye There is a written scroll ?	A skull , whose empty eye has A written scroll in it !
We ’ ll send Mark Antony to the senate house , And he shall say you are not well today .	We ’ ll send Mark Antony to the senate house , and he ’ ll say that you ’ re sick today .
Be patient till the last .	Be patient until I finish .
And then he offered it the third time .	Then Antony offered it the third time .
Who knows the Lord Protector ’ s mind herein ?	Who knows what the Lord Protector thinks ?
I have marked A thousand blushing apparitions To start into her face , a thousand innocent shames In angel whiteness beat away those blushes , And in her eye there hath appeared a fire To burn the errors that these princes hold Against her maiden truth .	And in her eyes I see a fire that would seem to burn away the lies the princes have told about her chastity .
I did not see you since you sent me hence , Home to the Centaur with the gold you gave me .	I haven ’ t seen you since you sent me to the Centaur with the gold you gave me .
Thou ' lt be afraid to hear it .	The devil himself couldn ’ t say a name I hate more .
Would you , the supervisor , grossly gape on , Behold her topped ?	Are you going to hide and watch them having sex ?
How comes it ?	Why ?
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Come , thou gentle day .	Welcome , gentle day !
But I am much to blame .	But I ’ m sorry I ’ ve blurted all this out .
Now sir , be judge yourself , Whether I in any just term am affined To love the Moor .	Now , you tell me : should I feel loyal to the Moor ?
What news with you , sir ?	What can I do for you , sir ?
Get you gone , And at the pit of Acheron Meet me i ' th ' morning .	Go away now and in the morning meet me in the pit by the river in hell .
Fair sir , you are well o 'erta 'en : My Lord Bassanio , upon more advice , Hath sent you here this ring , and doth entreat Your company at dinner .	My Lord Bassanio , listening to more advice , Has sent you this ring here , and asks Your company at dinner .
Certain , men should be what they seem .	Absolutely , people should be what they appear to be .
You shall have anything .	You can have anything you want .
The ears are senseless that should give us hearing , To tell him his commandment is fulfilled , That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead .	We meant to tell the king that his orders have been carried out , and Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead .
And , honest company , I thank you all , That have beheld me give away myself To this most patient , sweet and virtuous wife .	Good friends , I thank you all for coming to see me wed this patient , sweet , virtuous wife .
If the Prince be too important , tell him there is measure in everything , and so dance out the answer .	If he is too insistent , tell him that romance is like a dance : it has its own rhythm and timing .
If you do love me you will find me out . — Nerissa and the rest , stand all aloof .	If you really love me , you ’ ll find me . — Nerissa and the rest of you , get away from him .
But all remember What you have said , and show yourselves true Romans .	But all of you , remember what you ’ ve said and prove yourselves true Romans .
And she is exceeding wise .	And she is very smart .
Stir with the lark tomorrow , gentle Norfolk .	Get up early tomorrow — at the sound of the lark — noble Norfolk .
That you must teach me .	You have to tell me .
Here is the will , and under Caesar 's seal .	Here is the will , and under Caesar 's seal .
But though thou art adjudgèd to the death , And passèd sentence may not be recalled But to our honour ’ s great disparagement , Yet will I favor thee in what I can .	However , I ’ ll do what I can for you .
In some bush ?	Are you hiding in some bush ?
My lord is dead .	My husband is dead .
Good my friends , consider You are my guests .	My friends , remember that you ’ re my guests here .
Where hast thou been , sister ?	Where have you been , sister ?
All the pictures fairest lined Are but black to Rosalind .	All the most beautiful paintings Are black when compared to Rosalind .
But though they jump not on a just account — As in these cases , where the aim reports ' Tis oft with difference — yet do they all confirm A Turkish fleet , and bearing up to Cyprus .	But often in these cases , reports are just estimates .
Shall she come in ?	Shall she come in ?
Villain , thou didst deny the gold ’ s receipt And told ’ st me of a mistress and a dinner , For which , I hope , thou felt ’ st I was displeased .	And I hope you realized I wasn ’ t very happy about it .
At once , good night : Stand not upon the order of your going , But go at once .	Only go at once .
Go bid the priests do present sacrifice , And bring me their opinions of success .	Go tell the priests to do the sacrifice now , And bring me their opinions of success .
Then be ’ t so , my good lord . — How does the king ?	All right , my lord . — How ’ s the king doing ?
I care not if I have .	I don ’ t care .
After my death , the one half of my lands , And , in possession , twenty thousand crowns .	Twenty thousand crowns now , and half my lands after my death .
Some oracle Must rectify our knowledge .	We need some oracle to tell us what ’ s going on .
I pray you leave me .	Now please leave me alone .
If he , compact of jars , grow musical , We shall have shortly discord in the spheres .	If that man , who ’ s made up of conflicts , becomes musical , then there must be something wrong with the universe .
O , how I love thee !	Oh , how I love you !
No , madam , no .	No , madam , no .
Come on .	Come on .
O , by whom ?	O , by whom ?
I pray thee , let us go and find him out And quicken his embracèd heaviness With some delight or other .	Let ’ s go find him and cheer him up .
I am glad to see you mad .	I ’ m glad you ’ re insane enough to admit it in front of me .
Now all is well .	Everything ’ s fine now .
What should we say , my lord ?	What should we say , my lord ?
Let good Antonio look he keep his day , Or he shall pay for this .	I hope Antonio repays his loan on time , or he ’ ll suffer for this .
Fare thee well awhile .	Good-bye for a while .
Who must hang them ?	Who should hang them ?
Good , good .	Good , very good .
The tempest in my mind Doth from my senses take all feeling else Save what beats there — filial ingratitude .	But this storm in my mind keeps me from feeling anything except what ’ s tormenting me — how ungrateful my children are !
Therefore be doubledamn 'd ; Swear thou art honest .	Therefore be double-damned , Swear you are honest .
By your patience , I may not suffer you to visit them .	But I ’ m sorry — I ’ m not allowed to let you visit them .
This is a sorry sight .	This is a sorry sight .
Full oft ’ tis seen , Our means secure us and our mere defects Prove our commodities .	It ’ s often the case that having something makes us spoiled , while not having it turns out to be advantageous .
What a night ’ s this !	What a storm !
Sure he hath killed his wife .	He ’ s killed his wife !
You see an ass head of your own , do you ?	You ’ re acting like an ass , don ’ t you think ?
hail to thee , Thane of Cawdor !	Hail to you , Baron of Cawdor !
I am content you shall entreat me stay , But yet not stay , entreat me how you can .	Delighted to hear you ask so nicely , but I won ’ t stay in any case .
Must I remember ?	Must I remember ?
I eat the air , promise-crammed .	I eat the air , like chameleons do .
What 's his weapon ?	What 's his weapon ?
Whither should I fly ?	Where should I go ?
Therefore should every soldier in the wars do as every sick man in his bed : wash every mote out of his conscience .	Therefore , every soldier should do as any man who is sick in his bed would do : clear his conscience of any stain .
Here comes my lady .	Here comes my lady .
Men that hazard all Do it in hope of fair advantages .	Men who risk everything hope to make profits .
Towards Chertsey , noble lord ?	Toward Chertsey , noble lord ?
Ay . — Fare you well , fair gentleman .	Good luck , fair gentleman .
They never meet but there ’ s a skirmish of wit between them .	Whenever they meet , there ’ s a little battle .
Farewell till then .	See you soon .
And so am I revenged . — That would be scanned .	I ’ ll be right here , silent .
Twill be a storm .	There ’ s going to be a storm .
If there be truth in sight , you are my Rosalind .	If my eyes don ’ t deceive me , you are my Rosalind .
How ' gree you now ?	How do you get along now ?
Sweet lady , you have given me life and living .	Madam , you ’ ve given me life and given me a living too .
Give me some music .	Play me some music .
Dost thou forget From what a torment I did free thee ?	Have you forgotten the torture I freed you from ?
And I am sick when I look not on you .	And I am sick when I don ’ t look at you .
There 's a bargain made .	It ’ s a deal .
He comes to kill my heart .	He has come to kill my heart .
Only in the world I fill up a place which may be better supplied when I have made it empty .	In this world , I ’ m only taking up space .
That very hour , and in the selfsame inn , A meaner woman was deliverèd Of such a burden , male twins , both alike .	In the same hour , and in the same inn , a poor woman also delivered identical twin boys .
This is thy office .	This is your job .
I can live no longer by thinking .	I can ’ t live by pretending anymore .
If you are so fond over her iniquity , give her patent to offend , for if it touch not you it comes near nobody .	If you still feel so affectionate toward her , then why not give her permission to cheat on you ?
To that end , As matching to his youth and vanity , I did present him with the Paris balls .	To that end , I presented him with the tennis balls , the perfect expression of his inexperience and frivolity .
Very foul .	Very bad .
His fault is much , and the good king his master Will check him for ’ t .	He ’ s done wrong , and his master the king will punish him for it .
You see , her eyes are open .	You see , her eyes are open .
I am but mad north-north-west .	I am but crazy north-north-west .
The poop was beaten gold , Purple the sails , and so perfumèd that The winds were lovesick with them .	The sails were dyed purple , and they were perfumed so heavily that they made the air seem dizzy with love .
The head is not more native to the heart , The hand more instrumental to the mouth , Than is the throne of Denmark to thy father .	The head is not more native to the heart , The hand more instrumental to the mouth , Than is the throne of Denmark to your father .
But Oh , how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man ’ s eyes .	But , oh , it makes me bitter to look at happiness through another man ’ s eyes .
The younger rises when the old doth fall .	The young generation rises while the old one falls .
I am sure he had more hair of his tail than I have of my face when I last saw him .	I ’ m sure he had more hair on his tail than I have on my face when I last saw him .
There be land rats and water rats , water thieves and land thieves — I mean pirates — and then there is the peril of waters , winds , and rocks .	There are rats and thieves and pirates — not to mention storms , winds , and rocks .
Is 't come to this ?	Has it come to this ?
I cannot tell what you and other men Think of this life , but , for my single self , I had as lief not be as live to be In awe of such a thing as I myself .	I can ’ t tell what you and other men Think of this life ; but , for myself alone , I would rather not live to be In awe of such a thing as I ’ m .
Why , he had none .	Yes , exactly .
Pat , pat ; and here 's a marvellous convenient place for our rehearsal .	Ready , ready ; and here 's a marvelously convenient place for our rehearsal .
Mend me , thou saucy- fellow !	Mend me , you rude fellow !
So frowned he once when , in an angry parle , He smote the sledded Polacks on the ice .	And the ghost frowned just like the king did once when he attacked the Poles , traveling on the ice in sleds .
Tut , tut , my lord , we will not stand to prate .	Tut , tut , my lord , we ’ re not going to stand around chit-chatting .
Then appurtenance of welcome is fashion and ceremony .	The accessory of a welcome is fashion and ceremony .
Go , and bring them .	Bring them right in .
Come , come , good wine is a good familiar creature , if it be well used .	Come on now , wine is good for you , if you know how to use it .
Half-blooded fellow , yes .	Yes it is , you half-blood .
How have I been behaved , that he might stick The small 'st opinion on my least misuse ?	How have I behaved , that he might put The smallest opinion on my least misconduct ?
You have said now .	You have said so .
For you know , nuncle , The hedge-sparrow fed the cuckoo so long , That it ’ s had it head bit off by it young .	You know , uncle , A sparrow once raised a cuckoo in its nest Until the cuckoo grew up and bit the sparrow ’ s head off .
Pox , leave thy damnable faces , and begin !	Enough with the bad faces , and begin .
Are those my tents where I perceive the fire ?	Are those my tents on fire ?
Without contradiction I have heard that .	Without doubt I ’ ve heard that .
They are here about the court , And , as I think , they have already order This night to play before him .	They are here at the court , And , I think , they are already hired To play before him tonight .
Rosalind lacks then the love Which teacheth thee that thou and I am one .	Well , then , you don ’ t have the affection that would teach you that you and I are one .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my lord .
I am your own forever .	I am your own forever .
Make room , and let him stand before our face .	Make room , and let him stand before us .
Sister , welcome .	You are welcome here , sister .
Is this true ?	Is this true ?
To Baptista Minola .	To Baptista Minola ’ s house .
I can see a church by daylight .	I can see what ’ s in broad daylight .
Shall we clap into ’ t roundly , without hawking or spitting or saying we are hoarse , which are the only prologues to a bad voice ?	Should we just get down to it ?
Do we so .	Yes , let ’ s do that .
But age with his stealing steps Hath clawed me in his clutch , And hath shipped me intil the land , As if I had never been such .	But age , with his stealing steps , Has clawed me in his clutch , And has shipped me until the land , As if I had never been such .
Pronounce it for me , sir , to all our friends , For my heart speaks they are welcome .	Say it for me , sir , to all our friends , For my heart says they are welcome .
Thy truth then be thy dower .	The truth will be all the inheritance you get .
Now , darting Parthia , art thou struck , and now Pleased fortune does of Marcus Crassus ’ death Make me revenger .	Now I ’ ve paid you back , Parthia , and gotten revenge for Marcus Crassus ’ death .
The King doth wake tonight and takes his rouse , Keeps wassail , and the swaggering upspring reels , And as he drains his draughts of Rhenish down , The kettle-drum and trumpet thus bray out The triumph of his pledge .	The King stays awake tonight and has a drinking party , Keeps toasting , and the swaggering morning whirls , And , as he drinks down his drafts of Rhine wine , The kettle-drum and trumpet thus noisily announce The triumph of his drinking it all down at once .
But there the Duke was given to understand That in a gondola were seen together Lorenzo and his amorous Jessica .	But once he got there , the duke learned that Lorenzo and his lover Jessica were together in a gondola .
Unaccommodated man is no more but such a poor , bare , forked animal as thou art . — Off , off , you lendings !	The human being unburdened by the trappings of civilization is no more than a poor , naked , two-legged animal like you .
more knocking : Get on your nightgown , lest occasion call us And show us to be watchers .	Get on your nightgown , in case we are called by chance And it shows us to be watchers .
Yet do I fear thy nature ; It is too full o ’ the milk of human kindness To catch the nearest way .	Only I ’ m afraid your nature ; It is too full of the milk of human kindness To a shortcut to power .
Tis evermore the prologue to his sleep ; He 'll watch the horologe a double set , If drink rock not his cradle .	He 'll watch the clock all night If drink doesn ’ t rock his cradle .
A guiltless death I die .	I ’ m dying an innocent woman .
Let witchcraft join with beauty , lust with both .	Join your witchcraft with your beauty , and let Antony ’ s lust combine with both .
The best ?	The highest-ranking ?
Stay not to answer me , but get thee gone .	Don ’ t stay to answer me — get going .
And now I ’ ll do ’ t .	And now I ’ ll do it .
We have none such , sir .	We don ’ t have any , sir .
lie on her ?	On top of her ?
We ’ ll revenge his death .	We ’ ll revenge his death .
He hath an uncle here in Messina will be very much glad of it .	He has an uncle here in Messina who will be glad to hear this news .
If we be not relieved within this hour , We must return to th ’ court of guard .	If we aren ’ t relieved in an hour , we have to return to our barracks .
It shall be so .	That ’ s how we ’ ll do it , then .
Some god direct my judgment !	I wish some god could help me choose !
I should make very forges of my cheeks , That would to cinders burn up modesty , Did I but speak thy deeds .	I should make very fires of my cheeks Burn modesty into ashes , If I only spoke your deeds .
Gentlemen , my master Antonio is at his house , and desires to speak with you both .	Gentlemen , my master Antonio is at his house , and wants to speak with both of you .
I have a man 's mind , but a woman 's might .	I have a man 's mind , but a woman 's might .
Farewell , and if my fortune be not crost , I have a father , you a daughter , lost .	If luck ’ s with me , I ’ ll lose a father , and you ’ ll lose a daughter .
These Moors are changeable in their wills — fill thy purse with money .	Moors are moody people . — So sell your lands and raise a lot of cash .
O , that a lady of one man refused Should of another therefore be abused !	Oh , that a lady of one man refused Should therefore be abused by another !
Obey you , love you , and most honor you .	honor you .
But get thee back .	But go away now .
And must she die for this ?	And does she have to die for this ?
Our fraughtage , sir , I have conveyed aboard , and I have bought The oil , the balsamum and aqua vitae .	I ’ ve left our luggage on the ship , and I bought the oil , balm , and liquor you wanted .
I have it ready for thee .	I have it ready for you .
For my dinner .	So I can eat lunch .
If any be Trinculo ’ s legs , these are they .	If any legs here are Trinculo ’ s , these are .
His own unkindness That stripped her from his benediction turned her To foreign casualties , gave her dear rights To his dog-hearted daughters .	He remembers how unkind he was to her , how he disowned her and sent her abroad , how he gave her rightful inheritance to her two dog-hearted sisters .
Has he never before sounded you in this business ?	Has he ever tested out these ideas on you before ?
Ay , but , lady , That policy may either last so long , Or feed upon such nice and waterish diet , Or breed itself so out of circumstances , That , I being absent and my place supplied , My general will forget my love and service .	But those political considerations might last such a long time that the general will forget my love and service , especially if I ’ m gone and someone else has my job .
My lord , from head to foot .	Yes , from top to bottom , sir .
Sebastian was my father ; Such a Sebastian was my brother too , So went he suited to his watery tomb .	Sebastian was my father ’ s name , and my brother was named Sebastian too .
and when I love thee not , Chaos is come again .	and when I don ’ t love you , Chaos comes back .
Albeit you have deserved High commendation , true applause , and love , Yet such is now the duke ’ s condition That he misconsters all that you have done .	Although you deserve praise , applause , and love , right now the duke misconstrues everything you ’ ve done .
Still thou mistakest , Or else committ 'st thy knaveries wilfully .	Either you are really mistaken , Or you commit these errors willfully .
Right well , dear madam .	They ’ re just fine , my dear madam .
When Caesar lived , he durst not thus have moved me .	When Caesar was alive , even he wouldn ’ t dare anger me like this .
Fellow , come from the throng .	You , fellow , step out of the crowd .
O , look , Titinius , look , the villains fly !	O , look , Titinius , look , the enemy flies !
Saw you the weird sisters ?	Did you see the weird sisters ?
Come , how wouldst thou praise me ?	Come on , what would you say about me ?
But soft you , let me be .	But wait a minute .
What is the matter , husband ?	What ’ s the matter , husband ?
I go , I go ; look how I go , Swifter than arrow from the Tartar 's bow .	I go , I go ; look how I go , — Swifter than an arrow from the barbarian ’ s bow .
Ay me , detested !	That ’ s the truth .
mobled queen ’ is good .	Wrapped up queen ” is good .
Hush and be mute , Or else our spell is marred .	Be silent , or else my magic spell will be broken .
He ’ s fat , and scant of breath . — Here , Hamlet , take my napkin , rub thy brows .	He ’ s flabby and out of breath . — Here , Hamlet , take my handkerchief and wipe your forehead .
help , ho !	help , ho !
Bring me just notice of the numbers dead On both our parts .	Bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides .
Thou art Dromio , thou art my man , thou art thyself .	You are Dromio , you are my servant , and you are yourself .
I will die bravely , like a smug bridegroom .	I ’ ll die You ’ re of royal blood , and we obey you .
Good now , some excellent fortune !	Be kind now and tell me some excellent fortune .
Caesar doth bear me hard , but he loves Brutus .	Caesar resents me , but he loves Brutus .
There was no link to color Peter ’ s hat , And Walter ’ s dagger was not come from sheathing .	And Walter couldn ’ t get his dagger out of its sheath .
Let me come to her .	Let me at her ! .
How looked he ?	How did he look ?
No , I will not .	No , I won ’ t .
Your shoes is not so good .	Your shoes are in pretty bad shape .
For me , with sorrow I embrace my fortune .	As for me , I embrace my fortune with sorrow .
I thank your Honor .	God be good to you !
Yes , ’ tis Emilia . — ' Tis like she comes to speak of Cassio ’ s death , The noise was high .	Yes , it ’ s Emilia .
I am to blame .	I ’ m sorry .
Nay , their endeavor keeps in the wonted pace .	No , they ’ re busy and as excellent as ever .
All 's well now , sweeting ; come away to bed .	All 's well now , sweetheart ; come away to bed .
I would give all my fame for a pot of ale , and safety .	I would give all my glory for a mug of ale and safety .
A Roman .	A Roman .
Tweaks me by the nose ?	Pinch my nose ?
Think upon what hath chanced , and at more time , The interim having weigh 'd it , let us speak Our free hearts each to other .	Let ’ s think about what has happened ; and , later , When we ’ ve had a chance to think , let ’ s about these things openly each to other .
Let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all .	Tell me that I ’ ll marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them .
So was I when your Highness banished him .	I was his daughter when you banished him .
You must not look so sour .	Don ’ t look so sour .
Of that there ’ s none , or little .	There ’ s little or nothing of that .
Your servants tend .	Your servants are waiting .
What black magician conjures up this fiend To stop devoted charitable deeds ?	What wicked magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt this sacred burial rite ?
And when I have my meed , I will away , For this will out , and then I must not stay .	And when I get my reward , I ’ ll get out of here .
There ’ s not , I think , a subject That sits in heart-grief and uneasiness Under the sweet shade of your government .	I don ’ t think there ’ s a single unhappy subject living under the protection of your government .
Then one of you will prove a shrunk panel and , like green timber , warp , warp .	Then one of you will warp and pull away — and there goes your marriage .
I am more an antique Roman than a Dane .	I ’ m more like an ancient Roman than a corrupt modern Dane .
Masters , play here , I will content your pains ; Something that 's brief ; and bid “ Good morrow , general . ” Why , masters , have your instruments been in Naples , that they speak i ' the nose thus ?	Gentlemen , play here , I will reward your pains , Something that 's brief and say , “ Good morning , General . ” Hey , fellows , have your instruments been in Naples , that they sound as horrible as like this ?
Who ’ s that ?	Who ’ s that ?
I say it is the moon that shines so bright .	I say it ’ s the moon that shines so bright .
Dost thou think If I would stand against thee , would the reposal Of any trust , virtue , or worth in thee Make thy words faithed ?	Do you really think that if it came down to my word against yours , anyone would believe you ?
I pray you , jest , sir , as you sit at dinner .	Please , sir ; crack jokes over lunch .
I take it much unkindly That thou , Iago , who hast had my purse As if the strings were thine , shouldst know of this .	Don ’ t tell me ; I don ’ t like it at all That you , Iago , who has used my purse As if the strings were yours , should know about this .
Think of this , good peers , But as a thing of custom .	Think of this , good peers , Only as a common occurrence .
What says the golden chest ?	What says the golden chest ?
Now , music , sound , and sing your solemn hymn .	Now start the music , and sing the solemn hymn .
You spend your passion on a misprised mood : I am not guilty of Lysander 's blood ; Nor is he dead , for aught that I can tell .	I am not guilty of killing Lysander ; And he isn ’ t dead , as far as I can tell .
Seek none , conspiracy ; Hide it in smiles and affability ; For if thou path , thy native semblance on , Not Erebus itself were dim enough To hide thee from prevention .	Don ’ t find any , conspiracy ; Hide it in smiles and friendliness , Because , if you pass , your real face on , Not even the dark place between heaven and hell itself Is dim enough to hide you from being stopped .
I have heard that Julius Caesar Grew fat with feasting there .	I heard that Julius Caesar got fat from all the feasting there .
Alas , then she is drown 'd ?	Alas , then she is drowned ?
I understand you not , my lord .	I don ’ t understand you , my lord .
Dost fall ?	Did you fall ?
The interim ’ s mine .	But I have the meantime .
Is your Englishman so expert in his drinking ?	Are Englishmen really such heavy drinkers ?
Caesar sends greeting to the Queen of Egypt , And bids thee study on what fair demands Thou mean ’ st to have him grant thee .	Caesar greets the Queen of Egypt and asks that you consider what you will ask from him .
He waxes desperate with imagination .	He ’ s getting crazy with expectation !
He waxes desperate with imagination .	His imagination is making him crazy .
Let me shake thy hand .	Let me shake your hand .
Knock Knock Knock , knock !	Knock , knock !
Horn mad , thou villain !	You bastard !
This might be my Lord Such-a- one , that praised my Lord Such-a-one 's horse when he meant to beg it , might it not ?	This might be my lord so-and-so , that praised my lord such-and-such 's horse when he meant to ask for it , might it not ?
Here comes the man , sir , that did rescue me .	Here comes the man who rescued me , sir .
It is my duty , sir .	It ’ s my duty , sir .
Like aqua vitae with a midwife .	Like medicine for a sick man .
I assure you , Carthage .	Trust me , Carthage .
That ’ s her torment .	That ’ s what ’ s driving her crazy .
My falcon now is sharp and passing empty , And , till she stoop , she must not be full-gorged , For then she never looks upon her lure .	My falcon is now hungry and unfed and must not be given enough to eat until she comes to me , for if her hunger is satisfied , she ’ ll pay no attention to the bait .
His flight was madness .	He was crazy to run away .
Something have you heard Of Hamlet ’ s “ transformation ” — so call it Since nor th ' exterior nor the inward man Resembles that it was .	You ’ ve probably heard about the “ change ” that ’ s come over Hamlet — that ’ s the only word for it , since inside and out he ’ s different from what he was before .
Our gracious brother , I will go with them .	Gracious brother , I will go with them .
O treacherous villains !	O treacherous villains !
And this way have you well expounded it .	You ’ ve offered an excellent interpretation .
Prithee bear some charity to my wit .	Please give me a little credit !
What might be toward , that this sweaty haste Doth make the night joint laborer with the day ?	Is something about to happen that warrants working this night and day ?
It shall to the barber ’ s , with your beard . — Prithee , say on .	We ’ ll have the barber trim it later , along with your beard .
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
Will ’ t please your Honor taste of these conserves ?	Would your Honor like to try this dried fruit ?
This morning are they fled away and gone , And in their steads do ravens , crows , and kites Fly o 'er our heads and downward look on us As we were sickly prey .	This morning , they ’ ve flown away and in their place are ravens , crows , and kites , flying over our heads and looking down on us , as though we were sickly prey .
Myself have letters of the selfsame tenure .	I have letters that say the same thing .
Then he shall have no odds .	He won ’ t have a chance .
Will you help ? — An ass-head , and a coxcomb , and a knave , a thin-faced knave , a gull !	Will you help me ? — What an ass and a fool , a gullible no-good idiot !
I am very sorry that you are not well .	I ’ m very sorry you ’ re not feeling well .
I durst not !	I wouldn ’ t have dared !
I know not , Menas , How lesser enmities may give way to greater .	Menas , I don ’ t understand how minor quarrels can be superseded by greater ones .
If thou speak ’ st false , Upon the next tree shall thou hang alive Till famine cling thee .	If you ’ re lying , I ’ ll hang you alive from the nearest tree until you die of hunger .
Their preparation is today by sea .	They ’ ve switched their operation to the sea today .
Here will we sit , and let the sounds of music Creep in our ears ; soft stillness , and the night , Become the touches of sweet harmony .	We will sit here and let the sounds of music Creep into our ears ; soft stillness and the night Compliment the touches of sweet harmony .
Catesby .	Catesby .
But you ’ ll be secret ?	But you promise you can keep a secret ?
Marry , this is miching mallecho ; it means mischief .	By Mary , this is miching mallecho , it means mischief .
This , this All Souls ' Day to my fearful soul Is the determined respite of my wrongs .	This , this All-Souls ' day , is my just desserts .
The great contention of the sea and skies Parted our fellowship — But , hark !	The storm separated us .
And , good lieutenant , I think you think I love you .	And , good lieutenant , I think you think I love you .
Unfought withal , but I will sell my dukedom To buy a slobb 'ry and a dirty farm In that nook-shotten isle of Albion .	If they march along unopposed , I will sell my dukedom for a sodden , filthy farm in that craggy isle of Albion .
For the Dauphin , I stand here for him .	Regarding the Dauphin , you can speak to me .
My hands are of your color , but I shame To wear a heart so white .	My hands are the same color as yours , only I would be ashamed To have such a white heart .
Would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a piece of valiant dust ?	What woman wouldn ’ t be distressed , being lorded over by a handful of dust ?
For three months , well .	For three months , hmmm .
Oh , Oh , Oh !	Oh , oh , oh !
How happy some o 'er other some can be !	How happy can some other “ other ” be !
My reputation , Iago , my reputation !	My reputation , Iago , my reputation !
A friend ?	A friend ?
I speak not yet of proof .	I ’ m not talking about proof yet .
Every one that does so is a traitor and must be hanged .	Everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged .
O villain !	Why , you scoundrel !
Thy life hath had some smatch of honor in it .	Your life has had honor in it .
Alas , what cry is that ?	Oh Lord , who ’ s that crying ?
Be not too tame neither , but let your own discretion be your tutor .	But don ’ t be too tame , either — let your good sense guide you .
You , mistress , That have the office opposite to Saint Peter , And keep the gate of hell !	You , mistress , That have the office next to Saint Peter , And keep the gate of hell !
What 's the matter , lieutenant ?	What 's the matter , lieutenant ?
I never did her any , to my knowledge .	I never caused her any harm , as far as I know .
No ; we shall ne 'er win at that sport , and stake down .	No ; we shall never win a bet at that sport .
His soldiership Is twice the other twain .	His military ability is double that of the other two .
Dost thou not suspect my place ?	Don ’ t you suspect my office ?
He that is yours , sweet lady .	He that is yours , sweet lady .
The man grows mad .	The man ’ s going crazy .
How shall we then behold their natural tears ?	Then how will we see their own natural tears ?
What might you think ?	What else could you possibly think of me ?
When I burned in desire to question them further , they made themselves air , into which they vanished .	When I burned in desire to question them further , they made themselves vanish into thin air .
Alack , our terrene moon is now eclipsed , And it portends alone the fall of Antony .	You , my earthly moon , are now eclipsed , and that alone foretells my ruin .
I know the hand : in faith , ' tis a fair hand ; And whiter than the paper it writ on , Is the fair hand that writ .	I know the hand ; in faith , it ’ s a beautiful hand , And the beautiful hand that wrote it Is whiter than the paper it ’ s written on .
Hear me , good madam .	Listen to me , madam .
There 's matter in these sighs .	There 's a problem in these sighs .
A fair name .	A good name .
I prithee , do so .	I beg you , do so .
She was here even now ; she haunts me in every place .	She was here even now ; she haunts me in every place .
Call Claudius and some other of my men , I 'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	Call Claudius and some Others of my men ; I 'll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .
O heaven , O earth , bear witness to this sound And crown what I profess with kind event	Oh heaven , oh earth , witness what I ’ m about to say , and reward me if I tell the truth !
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Why , what should be the fear ?	Why , what ’ s the danger ?
Call you ?	Did you call ?
Cupid is a knavish lad Thus to make poor females mad .	Cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this .
I am afeard you make a wanton of me .	I sense you ’ re treating me like a child .
Marry , sir , to get a husband for her sister .	To find a husband for her sister .
Scant not my cups , and make as much of me As when mine empire was your fellow too , And suffered my command .	Keep my cups full and treat me as you did when my empire was one of your fellow servants , obeying my commands .
How came she by that light ?	How did she get that candle ?
I will fetch him .	I ’ ll fetch him .
I dare swear this is the right Vincentio .	I could swear this is the real Vincentio .
Thou liest , abhorred tyrant ; with my sword I 'll prove the lie thou speak 'st .	You lie , abhorred tyrant ; with my sword I 'll prove the lie you speak .
Dismiss me .	Let me go .
But it shall not be so long ; this wrestler shall clear all .	But not for long ; Charles will take care of everything .
To the seaside straightway !	Go to the harbor immediately !
This is Signior Antonio .	This is Mr. Antonio .
Good now , hold thy tongue .	Hold your tongue .
May I never To this good purpose , that so fairly shows , Dream of impediment !	I wouldn ’ t dream of opposing such an obviously promising idea .
Sir , sir , that cannot be .	Sir , sir , that can ’ t be true .
Will he bring his power ?	Will he bring his army ?
My noble lords and cousins all , good morrow .	My noble lords and relatives , good morning .
My will , not all the world .	Sailors , sir .
Minion , thou liest .	You lying brat .
As he was valiant , I honor him .	I honor him for being brave .
Cursed be thy stones for thus deceiving me !	Damn your stones for disappointing me like this !
Nay , stay .	No , stop .
Excellent , i ' faith ; of the chameleon 's dish .	Excellent , really , of the chameleon 's dish .
Sir , his chests and treasure He has not with him .	Sir , he left his belongings and treasure .
Mend ” me , thou saucy fellow ?	Mend ” me , you impertinent fellow ?
Yond same black cloud , yond huge one , looks like a foul bombard that would shed his liquor .	That huge black cloud over there looks like a filthy liquor jug that ’ s about to pour out its contents .
Let them be well used ; for they are the abstract and brief chronicles of the time .	Let them be well used , for they are the short stories and brief history of the time .
I will walk up and down here and I will sing , that they shall hear I am not afraid .	I ’ ll walk up and down and sing a song , so they ’ ll know I ’ m not afraid .
You keep by land The legions and the horse whole , do you not ?	On land you keep the legions and cavalry together , don ’ t you ?
They are loves I bear to you .	They are loves I bear to you .
What , were you snarling all before I came , Ready to catch each other by the throat , And turn you all your hatred now on me ?	Even What , were you all snarling before I arrived , ready to catch each other by the throat like dogs , but now that I ’ m here , you turn your hatred toward me ?
O Caesar , read mine first , for mine 's a suit That touches Caesar nearer .	O Caesar , read mine first , because mine 's a suit That touches Caesar nearer .
Sister , have comfort .	Sister , calm down .
If ever I live to see it , I will challenge it .	If I ever see it , I will challenge you .
O grace !	O grace !
See where he looks out of the window .	There he is at the window .
Sir , he dined with her there , at the Porpentine .	Sir , he ate with this woman at the Porcupine .
Caesar , thou canst not die by traitors ' hands , Unless thou bring 'st them with thee .	Caesar , you cannot die by traitors ' hands , Unless you bring them with you .
No , sir .	No , sir .
No more than my residing here at Rome Might be to you in Egypt .	No more than my staying here in Rome might mean to you in Egypt .
Are we all ready ?	Are we All ready ?
Am I a coward ?	Am I a coward ?
It is well .	Anyway , he is what he is .
The Turk with a most mighty preparation makes for Cyprus .	The Turks are heading for Cyprus with a powerful fleet .
My lord , do as you please ; But , if you hold it fit , after the play , Let his queen mother all alone entreat him To show his grief .	My lord , do as you please , But if you think it ’ s OK , after the play , Let his queen mother talk to him all alone and beg him To share his problem .
Not I , my lord .	No , not me , sir .
That you shall surely find him , Lead to the Sagittary the raised search , And there will I be with him .	So that you shall surely find him , lead these searchers to the Sagittary Inn , And I will be there with him .
The old priest at Saint Luke ’ s Church is at your command at all hours .	The old priest at Saint Luke ’ s Church is at your command at all hours .
How chances it they travel ?	How is it that they travel ?
Where goes Cesario ?	Where ’ s Cesario going ?
Yet could I bear that too , well , very well .	Even that I could put up with .
Alack , alack !	Oh , oh !
Find you out a bed , For I upon this bank will rest my head .	I ’ m going to rest my head on this little slope .
Get thee to a nunnery !	Get yourself to a convent .
I ’ ll entreat for thee .	I ’ ll try talking to him again .
We ’ ll beat ’ em into bench-holes .	We ’ ll chase ’ em into their latrines .
Peace , peace , Iras .	Quiet , quiet , Iras .
He shall tell them so .	He ’ ll tell them so .
Liberty !	Liberty !
Must I observe you ?	Must I watch you ?
Did I not , fellow ?	Didn ’ t I ?
Now sit we close about this taper here And call in question our necessities .	Now let ’ s sit closely around this candle and discuss our needs .
I remember when I was in love I broke my sword upon a stone and bid him take that for coming a- night to Jane Smile .	I remember when I was in love , I broke my sword on a stone , and told him to take that for coming at night to see Jane Smile .
But it would warm his spirits To hear from me you had left Antony And put yourself under his shroud , The universal landlord .	But he would feel even better if I could tell him that you had left Antony and put yourself under his protection .
What , in my sight ? — Bianca , get thee in .	What , in my presence ?
Oh , oh , oh !	Oh , oh , oh !
I charge thee , speak !	I order you to speak !
In what , my dear lord ?	In what sense , my lord ?
Come , come , you ’ re drunk .	Come on , you ’ re drunk .
Where be these bloody thieves ?	Where are these murderers ?
Good love , call him back .	Good love , call him back .
It seems that you scorn me .	It sounds more like you ’ re insulting me .
Oh , fie upon thee , strumpet !	Go to hell , you whore !
Do it .	Do it now .
By my faith , he is very swift and sententious .	Really , he ’ s very witty , and full of wise sayings .
No more !	No more !
Tis age that nourisheth .	Age is the thing that nourishes .
Shame itself !	Shame on you !
A proper saying !	A likely story !
They , for their truth , might better wear their heads Than some that have accused them wear their hats .	They deserved to keep their heads more than some people who have managed to keep their positions .
Patience , good sir .	Patience , good sir .
The round world Should have shook lions into civil streets And citizens to their dens .	The fractured world , in its confusion , should send lions into the city streets and humans into the wilderness to live in lions ’ dens .
When could they say till now that talk 'd of Rome That her wide walls encompass 'd but one man ?	When could they say , until now , those that talked about Rome , That her wide walls were ruled by only one man ?
Call her forth , brother .	Bring her out , brother .
His bark is stoutly timbered and his pilot Of very expert and approved allowance Therefore my hopes , not surfeited to death , Stand in bold cure .	Yes , it ’ s well built , and the ship ’ s pilot is very expert and experienced .
Tomorrow , if you please to speak with me , I will come home to you .	If you ’ d like to talk tomorrow , I ’ ll come to your home .
Aye , sir .	Of course , sir .
I beseech you , sir , go ; my young master doth expect your reproach .	Please , sir , go : my young master expects your insult .
Let ’ s think ’ t unsafe To come in to the cry without more help .	It ’ s not safe to go near them till we get more help .
Yare , yare , good Iras , quick .	Quickly , quickly , good Iras , quickly .
When Marcus Brutus grows so covetous To lock such rascal counters from his friends , Be ready , gods , with all your thunderbolts , Dash him to pieces !	When Marcus Brutus grows so greedy as To engage his friend in such battles , Be ready , gods , with all your thunderbolts , Cut him into pieces !
But till this afternoon his passion Ne 'er brake into extremity of rage .	But it wasn ’ t until this afternoon that he broke out into violence .
I say , my daughter is my flesh and blood .	I say my daughter is my flesh and my blood .
Dispatch us with all speed , lest that our king Come here himself to question our delay , For he is footed in this land already .	Don ’ t take too long , unless you want our king to come after me to ask what ’ s holding things up , because he ’ s already landed here .
I pray thee , stay with us , go not to Wittenberg .	I beg you to stay with us , don ’ t go to Wittenberg .
Turn thy complexion there , Patience , thou young and rose-lipped cherubin , — Ay , there , look grim as hell !	Even the goddess of patience couldn ’ t look at this and be patient — it ’ s too horrifying !
Was he not companion with the riotous knights That tend upon my father ?	Wasn ’ t he friends with all those brawling knights who serve my father ?
First he denied you had in him no right .	First , he said you had no right to him .
But speak , Egeus .	But tell me , Egeus .
The games are done , and Caesar is returning .	The games are finished , and Caesar is returning .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Now , by the world — ' Tis full of thy foul wrongs .	Now , by the world — It ’ s full of your ugly wrongdoings .
What wouldst thou ?	What do you want ?
Love ’ s not love When it is mingled with regards that stands Aloof from th ' entire point .	Love ’ s not love when it gets mixed up with irrelevant outside matters .
How does thy honour ?	How does your honor ?
Is my master and his wife coming , Grumio ?	Are my master and his wife coming , Grumio ?
You rub the sore When you should bring the plaster .	You ’ re rubbing salt in his wounds when you should be applying bandages .
But yet , I say , If imputation and strong circumstances Which lead directly to the door of truth Will give you satisfaction , you may have ’ t .	But if you would be willing to accept circumstantial evidence as proof , we can get that .
But what ’ s your will ?	But what did you want ?
Nor I neither , by this heavenly light .	I wouldn ’ t either , by daylight .
We 'll mutiny .	We 'll rebel .
O error , soon conceived , Thou never comest unto a happy birth , But kill 'st the mother that engender 'd thee !	O Mistake , soon conceived , You never come to a happy birth , Only kill the mother that had you !
A blessèd labor , my most sovereign lord .	What blessed work , my king .
So humbly take my leave .	With that , I ’ ll be off .
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
I shall desire you of more acquaintance , good Master Cobweb .	I ’ d like to get to know you better , Mr. Cobweb .
Amaze the welkin with your broken staves —	Startle even the sky with the sound of your lances cracking .
At least we 'll die with harness on our back .	At least we 'll die with armor on our back .
She ’ s the worse for all this .	All the worse that she stooped this low , then .
I tell thee , I am as well in my wits as any man in Illyria .	I tell you , I ’ m as sane as any man in Illyria .
Let this pernicious hour Stand aye accursèd in the calendar !	Let this evil hour be marked forever in the calendar as cursed .
I am provided of a torch-bearer .	I have a torchbearer .
How many months Do you desire ?	How many months do you want ?
I have myself resolved upon a course Which has no need of you .	I ’ ve decided on a plan that doesn ’ t require your assistance .
Why then , your uncle and the Prince and Claudio Have been deceived .	Well then , your uncle and the Prince and Claudio have been deceived .
Here ’ s neither bush nor shrub to bear off any weather at all .	There are no bushes or shrubs to protect me from the weather here .
But , good Laertes , Will you do this , keep close within your chamber .	But wait , what ’ s that sound ?
I gave her such a one ; ' twas my first gift .	I gave her such a one ; it was my first gift .
Thou art a villain .	You are a villain .
I have heard her swear ’ t .	I ’ ve heard her say that .
No more .	No more .
What , Curio ?	Hunting what , Curio ?
Still did I tell him it was vile and bad .	All I ever did was tell him how hurtful and bad it was .
Welcome , my good Alexas .	Welcome , my good Alexas .
Dolabella , I shall remain your debtor .	Dolabella , I will always be in debt to you .
She was false as water .	She was fickle and unfaithful , like water .
how am I beset ! — What kind of catechizing call you this ?	What kind of game is this ?
What , no more ?	What !
Thy father hath his life .	I ’ m going to let him live .
Bid them all fly , For when I am revenged upon my charm , I have done all .	Tell the army to flee .
Tis two or three , my lord , that bring you word Macduff is fled to England .	It is two or three , my lord , that bring you word Macduff is fled to England .
When he is gone , I would on great occasion speak with you .	When he is gone , I would like to speak with you urgently .
Or is it some abuse , and no such thing ?	Or is it some trick and no such thing ?
What news ?	What was it ?
Hark , hark !	Listen , listen !
Look to the lady .	Take care of the lady .
Me , a groat ?	Me , a penny ?
Let us now stay and see it .	Let ’ s stay and watch .
Their papers is more lawful .	Reading their mail isn ’ t as bad .
Some kinds of baseness Are nobly undergone .	Some kinds of lowly activities are done for noble reasons .
Yours , by this hand .	Yours , I swear .
Go , go , dispatch .	Hurry now , get the job done .
A good matter , surely .	Very impressive .
Did this in Caesar seem ambitious ?	Is this the work of an ambitious man ?
Go off , I discard you .	Go away .
That defense thou hast , betake thee to ’ t .	You ’ d better think up a way to defend yourself .
Poor bird !	You ’ d be a pitiful bird .
Tis not for gravity to play at cherry-pit with Satan .	You ’ re serious enough to know not to play games with Satan .
In this last tempest .	In this recent storm .
My first false speaking Was this upon myself .	My first lie ever Was these things I said about myself .
All ready .	Everything ’ s ready .
Boatswain !	Boatswain !
I must have liberty Withal , as large a charter as the wind , To blow on whom I please , for so fools have .	Like the wind , I must have the freedom to blast anyone I please , as fools do .
Come , good Athenian .	Come on , my dear Greek philosopher .
He stays upon your will .	He ’ s waiting outside .
What should I speak ?	What should I say ?
Upon them !	Let ’ s go !
Nay , had I power , I should Pour the sweet milk of concord into hell , Uproar the universal peace , confound All unity on earth .	No , if I had power , I should Pour the sweet milk of concord into hell , Disturb the universal peace , confuse All unity on earth .
What are these So wither 'd , and so wild in their attire , That look not like the inhabitants o ’ the earth , And yet are on 't ?	What are these things With shrunken skin and wild clothes , That don ’ t look not like they live on earth , Only are still on it ?
No , faith , my coz , wish not a man from England .	No , my cousin , don ’ t wish that even one man who is now in England were here instead .
By Jeshu , I am your Majesty ’ s countryman , I care not who know it .	By Jesus , I am your Majesty ’ s countryman , and I don ’ t care who knows it .
Cannot you tell that ?	Can ’ t you tell that ?
Dromio , nor thou ?	Don ’ t you , Dromio ?
If any ship put out , then straight away .	If any ships are sailing , I ’ ll get right on one .
It is even so .	It is even so .
Myself and what is mine to you and yours Is now converted .	Everything I am and everything I have now belongs to you .
Niggard of question , but of our demands Most free in his reply .	Difficult to question , but , when we ask for something , He is most free in his reply .
How now , Shylock ?	How ’ s it going , Shylock ?
Were not my doors locked up and I shut out ?	My doors were locked and I was shut out , right ?
My mother .	My God !
But that you do not love me .	But you don ’ t love me .
When it is lighted , come and call me here .	Call me when it ’ s lit .
Methinks sometimes I have no more wit than a Christian or an ordinary man has .	Sometimes I think I ’ m no smarter than average .
Thy letters have transported me beyond This ignorant present , and I feel now The future in the instant .	Your letters have transported me beyond This ignorant present , and I now feel The future in the instant .
Follow the noise so far as we have quarter ; Let ’ s see how it will give off .	Let ’ s follow the music as far as we can without leaving our station and see if it stops .
Octavius , lead your battle softly on , Upon the left hand of the even field .	Octavius , lead your forces slowly out to the left side of the level field .
Make good room .	Let ’ s give them room .
Write to him — I will subscribe — gentle adieus and greetings .	Write to him from me — I ’ ll sign it — sending greetings and gentle good-byes .
Ay , thou poor ghost , whiles memory holds a seat In this distracted globe .	Yes , you poor ghost , as long as I have any power of memory in this distracted head .
Knock Knock Knock , knock , knock , knock !	Knock , knock , knock .
Now , Signior Petruchio , how speed you with my daughter ?	Now , Signior Petruchio , how are you getting on with my daughter ?
I will compound this strife .	I will settle this matter .
Out , out , brief candle !	Out , out , brief candle .
That drop of blood that 's calm proclaims me bastard ; Cries cuckold to my father ; brands the harlot Even here , between the chaste unsmirched brows Of my true mother .	That drop of blood that 's in control says I ’ m a bastard , Cries my father ’ s wife was unfaithful , brands the harlot Even here , between the chaste unmarked brows Of my true mother .
Pray you , away .	Now please go .
For mine own part — no offense to the general , nor any man of quality — I hope to be saved .	For my own part , no offense to the general , nor any man of quality , I hope to be saved .
No , my lord , unless I might have another for working days .	No , my lord , unless I could have another husband for the work week .
What bastard doth not ?	Who is so low that he wouldn ’ t ?
Alas , he 's mad !	Alas , he 's crazy !
Can Fulvia die ?	Is it possible Fulvia is dead ?
When the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw .	When the wind is from the south , I know a hawk from a handsaw .
Leave you !	Leave you !
What do you think of me ?	Sir , what is your opinion of me ?
Ay , and brought off the field .	Yes , and brought off the field .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Hang thou there upon the tomb , Praising her when I am dumb .	This epitaph will hang here forever , Continuing to praise Hero after I die .
Fear you not my part of the dialogue .	Let ’ s start .
Truly , a peck of provender ; I could munch your good dry oats .	Truly , a peck of dry food ; I could munch your good dry oats .
He were an excellent man that were made just in the midway between him and Benedick .	It would be excellent if they could make a man halfway between Don John and Benedick .
Ebbing men , indeed , Most often do so near the bottom run By their own fear or sloth .	Men that flow backward indeed , Most often , run too near to the bottom By their own fear or laziness .
But I with blowing the fire shall warm myself .	I ’ ll warm myself by blowing on the fire .
Whither goest thou ?	Where are you going ?
I am your spaniel ; and , Demetrius , The more you beat me , I will fawn on you .	I am your spaniel , and , Demetrius , The more you beat me , the more I will wag my tail for you .
My charity is outrage , life my shame , And in that shame still live my sorrows ' rage .	How dare you talk about kindness or shame .
And what of all this ?	And what of all this ?
But , howsoever thou pursuest this act , Taint not thy mind , nor let thy soul contrive Against thy mother aught .	But , however you pursue this revenge , Don ’ t taint your mind , or let your soul plan Anything against your mother .
Give me particulars .	Give me details .
Since lion vile hath here deflower 'd my dear ; Which is — no , no — which was the fairest dame That lived , that loved , that liked , that looked with cheer .	Since the vile lion vile has here taken my dear ; Which is — no , no — which was the fairest dame That lived , that loved , that liked , that looked with cheer .
Oh , you are men of stones .	Oh , you men are made of stone !
Hold , there ’ s expenses for thee .	Wait , here ’ s a coin for you .
And therefore , I pray thee , news .	So tell me what ’ s been going on .
He is called Aunchient Pistol .	He is called Ensign Pistol .
But for the handkerchief — By heaven , I would most gladly have forgot it .	But a handkerchief — God , I wish I could forget about the handkerchief !
Princes have but their titles for their glories , An outward honor for an inward toil ,	The only glory princes have are their titles .
Let us die .	Let us die honorably .
She was a vixen when she went to school .	She was a hellcat in school .
That ’ s certain .	That ’ s true .
I look down towards his feet ; but that 's a fable .	I look down towards his feet ; but that 's a fable .
I ’ ll able ' em .	I ’ ll vouch for that .
Yes , I know thee to be Signior Lucentio .	No , I know that you ’ re Signior Lucentio .
What is ’ t , my lord ?	What is it , sir ?
Love , therefore , and tongue-tied simplicity In least speak most to my capacity .	Love , therefore , and tongue-tied simplicity Speaking the least means most to me .
If you bethink yourself of any crime Unreconciled as yet to heaven and grace , Solicit for it straight .	If you can think of any crime Not yet confessed to heaven and grace , Do it right away .
I prithee let me hear it .	Do tell .
Methought I lay Worse than the mutines in the bilboes .	I thought I lay Worse than in a rebellion , in the chains .
To her , my lord , Was I betrothed ere I saw Hermia .	I was engaged to her before I ever met Hermia .
Nay , come , I prithee .	Come with me , please .
What woman , then ?	On what grounds ?
He is enamored on Hero .	He is in love with Hero .
I wonder that you will still be talking , Signor Benedick .	I ’ m amazed you ’ re still talking , Signior Benedick .
I 'll have thee speak out the rest of this soon .	I ’ ll have you speak out the rest of this soon .
He ’ ll make your Paris Louvre shake for it , Were it the mistress court of mighty Europe .	He ’ ll make your palace tremble for this insult , even if it were the mightiest in all of Europe .
Oh , is this he ?	Oh , is that Kent ?
Give me up the truth .	Tell me the truth .
Now , banished Kent , If thou canst serve where thou dost stand condemned , So may it come thy master , whom thou lovest , Shall find thee full of labors .	I love my master , and he ’ ll find me very hard-working .
The dropsy drown this fool !	To hell with this idiot !
M.O.A.I. ” This simulation is not as the former , and yet to crush this a little , it would bow to me , for every one of these letters are in my name .	But if I shake it up a little it ’ ll work , because every one of those letters is in my name .
Make me a willow cabin at your gate And call upon my soul within the house .	From that cabin I ’ d call out to my soul .
Nay , hear him .	Just listen to him .
That 's not the tune .	That 's not the tune .
As I am a gentleman , I will live to be thankful to thee for ’ t .	You have my word as a gentleman that I ’ ll always be grateful to you .
Come , sit down , every mother 's son , and rehearse your parts .	Come , sit down , every mother 's son , and rehearse your parts .
We shall find a time , Audrey .	We ’ ll get married at some point , Audrey .
Though we have spent our harvest of this king , We are to reap the harvest of his son .	Though we have lost a generous king , we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king .
Can you tell if Rosalind , the duke ’ s daughter , be banished with her father ?	Can you tell me whether Rosalind , Duke Senior ’ s daughter , has also been banished ?
Well , I will thither .	Well , I ’ ll go to Scone .
For Brutus ' sake , I am beholding to you .	For Brutus ' sake , I ’ m grateful to you .
Come , Hamlet , come , and take this hand from me .	Come , Hamlet , come , and take this hand from me .
A lover is more condoling .	A lover would have to be weepier , of course .
It comes upon me . — Art thou any thing ?	It ’ s coming toward me .
Caesar , I shall .	I will , Caesar .
His horse is slain , and all on foot he fights , Seeking for Richmond in the throat of death .	His horse is killed , so he ’ s fighting on foot , risking his life to search out Richmond .
Get him to bed , and let his hurt be looked to .	Get him to bed and make sure his wounds are treated .
Farewell both .	Farewell to you both .
I ’ ll go another way to work with him .	I ’ ll get back at him another way .
Yet I insisted ; yet you answered not , But with an angry wafture of your hand Gave sign for me to leave you .	I still insisted on knowing what the matter was , but you wouldn ’ t answer me , instead giving me an angry wave of your hand and telling me to leave you alone .
O thou dull Moor !	Oh , you stupid Moor !
Still so constant , lord .	I am still so faithful , my lord .
This house is little .	This is a small house .
Let me deal in this .	Let me deal with this .
That ’ s one of them .	That ’ s one of them .
Though Cassio did some little wrong to him , As men in rage strike those that wish them best , Yet surely Cassio , I believe , received From him that fled some strange indignity Which patience could not pass .	Cassio was wrong to hurt Montano , who was only trying to help him , but I ’ m sure the guy who ran away must have offended Cassio in some terrible way , and Cassio couldn ’ t let it pass .
You must not think then that I am drunk .	So don ’ t think that I ’ m drunk .
And you shall speak In the same pulpit whereto I am going , After my speech is ended .	And you shall speak After my speech is ended On the same platform where I ’ m going to be .
To go out of my dialect , which you discommend so much .	I tried to stop speaking plainly , since you dislike plain speech so much .
I was the more deceived .	I was deceived all the more .
So full of artless jealousy is guilt It spills itself in fearing to be spilt .	Guilt is so full of artless jealousy , that It spills itself in fearing to be spilled .
They thus directed , we will follow In the main battle , whose puissance on either side Shall be well wingèd with our chiefest horse .	I ’ ll follow in the center of the troop formation , which I ’ ll defend with my best horse , and with Saint George on my side , as well !
My lord , I think I saw him yesternight .	My lord , I think I saw him last night .
Show !	Show !
God save you , sir .	May God keep you well , sir .
We ’ ll ha ’ t tomorrow night .	Then we ’ ll see that tomorrow night .
Brutus , this sober form of yours hides wrongs , And when you do them — Cassius , be content , Speak your griefs softly , I do know you well .	Brutus , this sober face of yours hides wrongs ; And when you do them — Cassius , please .
Why , I can buy me twenty at any market .	Why , I can buy me twenty at any market .
To lend me arms and aid when I required them , The which you both denied .	I overlooked your request , but I did not deny it .
Season your admiration for a while With an attent ear , till I may deliver , Upon the witness of these gentlemen , This marvel to you .	Just listen carefully while I tell you the amazing thing I saw , with these gentlemen as witnesses .
But not with such familiar instances Nor with such free and friendly conference As he hath used of old .	He received me with courtesy and sufficient respect , but not with affection , nor with as much open and friendly conversation as he once greeted me .
Then you live about her waist , or in the middle of her favours ?	Then you live about her waist , or in the middle of her favors ?
Alack , what trouble Was I then to you !	God , what a burden on you I must have been !
A joint stool .	A nice stool .
Never fear that .	Don ’ t be afraid of that .
I will receive it , sir , with all diligence of spirit .	I will listen very carefully .
This man , with lanthorn , dog , and bush of thorn , Presenteth Moonshine ; for , if you will know , By moonshine did these lovers think no scorn To meet at Ninus ' tomb , there , there to woo .	This man , with lantern , dog , and thorn bush , Represents Moonshine , because , if you want to know , These lovers think it ’ s no shame to meet at Ninus ' tomb By moonshine , there , there to court each other .
Ay , sir , I have a pretty wit .	Yes sir , I ’ m fairly witty .
Our time does call upon ’ s .	It ’ s time we hit the road .
Sweet masters , be patient .	Gentlemen , calm down .
Good , speak to the mariners .	Good !
Oh ho , oh ho !	Oh ho , oh ho !
You do but dally .	You ’ re just playing around .
For ever and for ever farewell , Brutus !	Forever and forever goodbye , Brutus !
On what compulsion must I ?	Why do I have to do that ?
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
I think not of them .	I don ’ t think about them now .
Since thou dost give me pains Let me remember thee what thou hast promised , Which is not yet performed me .	Since you give me so much trouble , Let me remind you what you have promised , Which is not yet done for me .
Leave you your power to draw , And I shall have no power to follow you .	Even if you didn ’ t have the power to pull me , I would still be powerless not to follow you .
Away !	Away !
Let ’ s see once more this saying graved in gold , “ Who chooseth me shall gain what many men desire . ” Why , that ’ s the lady .	But let ’ s see once more what the gold one says : “ He who chooses me will get what many men want . ” That ’ s Portia !
Well , let that rest .	Well , it doesn ’ t matter anymore .
Cassius , go you into the other street And part the numbers .	Cassius , go to the next street and divide the crowd .
Good sir , I do in friendship counsel you To leave this place .	Good sir , as a friend , I advise you to leave this place .
Send for the man , and ask him .	Send for the man and ask him .
Heaven preserve you !	Heaven preserve you !
Yet you are withered .	Maybe , but you ’ re wrinkled all the same .
A sail , a sail , a sail !	A sail , a sail , a sail !
Leonato , stand I here ?	Leonato , am I standing here ?
Thou hast hit it .	You ’ re right , actually .
It were an honest action to say So to the Moor .	We should definitely say something to the Moor .
Go then , my mother ; to thy daughter go .	Go , then , mother , to your daughter .
Well be with you , gentlemen .	Gentlemen , I hope you are well .
Would I could answer This comfort with the like !	I wish I could answer This comfort with a similar one !
O bloody Richard !	Oh bloody Richard !
Grim-visaged war hath smoothed his wrinkled front ; And now , instead of mounting barbèd steeds To fright the souls of fearful adversaries , He capers nimbly in a lady ’ s chamber To the lascivious pleasing of a lute .	I ’ m left with nothing to do in this weak , idle peacetime , unless I want to look at my lumpy shadow in the sun and sing about
O , one too much by thee !	Oh , one child is one too many !
Whip him .	Whip him !
It hath not appeared .	It doesn ’ t seem so .
Pray , have you not a daughter Called Katherina , fair and virtuous ?	Tell me , don ’ t you have a virtuous and lovely daughter named Katherina ?
This murderous shaft that 's shot Hath not yet lighted , and our safest way Is to avoid the aim .	This murderous arrow that 's been shot Has not yet hit its target , and our safest way Is to avoid the aim .
I would thou couldst stammer , that thou might ’ st pour this concealed man out of thy mouth as wine comes out of a narrow-mouthed bottle — either too much at once , or none at all .	I wish you could just stammer this hidden man out of your mouth like wine out of a narrow-necked bottle : either too much at once or none at all .
Why , that ’ s the way To fool their preparation and to conquer Their most absurd intents .	Why , that ’ s just the way to frustrate their plans and defeat their absurd intentions .
Do you know Where we may apprehend her and the Moor ?	Do you know Where we may catch her and the Moor ?
Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion .	Well then , another prologue must say that he is not really a lion .
For God ’ s love , let me hear .	For God ’ s sake , let me hear it .
Do not think , gentlemen , I am drunk .	By the way , I don ’ t want anyone thinking I ’ m drunk .
Alack , what heinous sin is it in me To be ashamed to be my father ’ s child !	Oh God , what a heinous sinner I am , being ashamed to be my father ’ s child !
Why , thou say ’ st true .	You know , you ’ re right .
That eye my daughter lent her ; ’ tis most true .	She sees you with the eyes my daughter lent her , it ’ s true .
To mourn a mischief that is past and gone Is the next way to draw new mischief on .	To mourn mischief that is over and gone Is the next way to create new mischief .
I stay too long .	I ’ ve been here too long .
O happy fair !	Oh , you ’ re so lucky !
No .	I did .
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
What are you ?	Who are you ?
Will you hoist sail , sir ?	Ready to set sail , sir ?
It was wont to hold me but while one tells twenty .	It usually only lasts about twenty seconds .
Which else were shame , that then necessity Will call discreet proceeding .	However , this is an extreme situation , and it ’ s more important to control it than to worry about how you ’ ll look .
Hang out our banners on the outward walls .	Hang our flags on the outer walls .
Spout , rain !	Let the rain spray !
For those that mingle reason with your passion Must be content to think you old , and so — But she knows what she does .	We ’ re trying to be reasonable while you ’ re so upset , and we understand that you ’ re old , and … But Goneril knows what she ’ s doing .
Good ancient , you are welcome .	Good ensign , you are welcome .
Tyranny is dead !	Tyranny is dead !
Rest , rest , perturbed spirit !	Rest , rest , irritated spirit !
Worthy Montano , you were wont be civil .	You ’ re famous for it .
Oh , help , ho !	Help me !
Is ’ t like that lead contains her ?	Could the lead one contain it ?
We ’ ll have thee to a couch Softer and sweeter than the lustful bed On purpose trimmed up for Semiramis .	We ’ ll have a couch made up that ’ s softer and more fragrant even than the bed of lustful
What will become of this ?	What can possibly fix this situation ?
What dost thou mean by this ?	What do you mean by this ?
Let ’ s follow the old earl , and get the Bedlam To lead him where he would .	Let ’ s follow the old earl , and get that crazy Tom to take him wherever he wants to go .
Hail to your lordship !	Greetings to your lordship !
Here is better than the open air .	It ’ s better here than outside .
And maidens call it “ love-in-idleness . ” Fetch me that flower .	Young girls call it “ love-in-idleness . ” Bring me that flower .
to Ariel &ket; Thou shalt be free &bra; to Ariel &ket; Thou shalt be free As mountain winds ; but then exactly do All points of my command .	You shall be as free As the mountain winds if you only do Exactly every detail of my command .
Hold off the earth awhile , Till I have caught her once more in mine arms .	Stop the burial a while , Until I hold her once more in mine arms .
If then true lovers have been ever crossed , It stands as an edict in destiny .	If true lovers are always thwarted , then it must be a rule of fate .
I know not where he lodges , and for me to devise a lodging and say he lies here , or he lies there , were to lie in mine own throat .	I don ’ t know where he ’ s staying , so if I told you he ’ s sleeping here or there , I ’ d be lying .
My fair Rosalind , I come within an hour of my promise .	My beautiful Rosalind , I ’ m only an hour late .
You , you , sirrah , where ’ s my daughter ?	You , sir , where ’ s my daughter ?
Upon the stroke of four .	Four o 'clock in the morning .
As I told thee before , I am subject to a tyrant , a sorcerer , that by his cunning hath cheated me of the island .	As I told you before , I am subject to a tyrant , sorcerer , that has cheated me of the island by his cunning .
No , Caesar hath it not , but you , and I , And honest Casca , we have the falling sickness .	No , Caesar doesn ’ t have it ; but you , and I , And honest Casca , we have epilepsy .
At thy request , monster , I will do reason , any reason . — Come on , Trinculo , let us sing .	I ’ ll do anything you ask , monster , anything reasonable . — Come on , Trinculo , let ’ s sing .
You have forgot the will I told you of .	You ’ ve forgotten the will I told you about .
Then , if ever thou dar ’ st acknowledge it , I will make it my quarrel .	Then , if you dare to acknowledge it , I ’ ll take up my quarrel with you .
Besides , Antonio certified the Duke They were not with Bassanio in his ship .	In any case , Antonio assured the duke they weren ’ t with Bassanio on his ship .
This supernatural Cannot be ill , cannot be good .	This supernatural meeting Can ’ t be bad , only it can ’ t be good either .
Then there ’ s life in ’ t .	Sa , sa , sa , sa .
You may tell every finger I have with my ribs .	You can see my ribs so well you can count them .
What trade , thou knave ?	What ’ s your trade , you deceitful man ?
I repent me much That so I harried him .	I ’ m very sorry I was so hard on him .
Madam , here comes my lord .	Ma 'am , my master ’ s coming .
Go , rascals , go , and fetch my supper in .	Go , blockheads , go , and bring my supper to me .
Hail .	Hello !
No , my good lord .	No , my lord .
Therefore I have entreated him along With us to watch the minutes of this night , That if again this apparition come He may approve our eyes and speak to it .	That ’ s why I ’ ve begged him to come on our shift tonight , so that if the ghost appears he can see what we see and speak to it .
You see how simple and how fond I am .	You see how naïve and foolish I ’ ve been .
Tell the constable .	Tell the constable that .
Such news , my lord , as grieves me to report .	My lord , it ’ s news I wish I didn ’ t have to report .
Fetch forth the stocks !	Bring out the stocks !
To whom , my lord ?	Unfaithful , my lord ?
He hath left them you And to your heirs forever — common pleasures , To walk abroad and recreate yourselves .	He ’ s left them to you and to your heirs forever — public pleasures in which you will be able to stroll and relax .
My bond to the Jew is forfeit .	I couldn ’ t pay my debt to the Jew on the due date .
And at her late being here She gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks To noble Edmund .	And when she was here recently she flirted with Edmund and gave him significant glances .
A good and virtuous nature may recoil In an imperial charge .	A good and virtuous nature may recoil In an charge by a king .
The Queen carouses to thy fortune , Hamlet .	The queen drinks to your fortune , Hamlet .
My necessaries are embark 'd .	The things I need are all on the ship .
tis a knavish piece of work ; but what o ' that ?	but what o ' that ?
I can tell thee where that saying was born , of “ I fear no colors . ” Where , good Mistress Mary ?	Where , good Miss Mary ?
My bones would rest , That have but labored to attain this hour .	My bones want to rest after helping me up to this hour .
Not in deed , madam , for I can do nothing But what indeed is honest to be done .	Well , not in deed , madam , since I can ’ t do anything unchaste .
What means this lady ?	What ’ s she trying to say ?
A Norman .	A Norman .
And when that time comes , Afflict me with thy mocks , pity me not , As till that time I shall not pity thee .	And when that time comes , then you can mock me , but please don ’ t pity me , because I won ’ t pity you .
Good , yet remember whom thou has aboard .	Good man , even now , remember whom you have aboard .
It is no mean happiness , therefore , to be seated in the mean .	The best way to be happy is to be in between .
Darkness and devils !	Hell and damnation !
I ’ ll yield him thee asleep , Where thou mayst knock a nail into his head .	I ’ ll take you to where he sleeps , and you can pound a nail into his head .
Nor do we find him forward to be sounded , But with a crafty madness keeps aloof When we would bring him on to some confession Of his true state .	Nor do we find him easy to figure out the reason why , Because , with a crafty craziness , keeps his distance When we try to bring him to some confession Of his true state .
And yet my sky shall not want .	And yet I ’ ll still have plenty .
Not I , my lord , by heaven .	I swear I won ’ t , sir .
The testament !	The testament !
I had rather have my horse to my mistress .	I ’ d rather have my horse than a mistress .
A villain kills my father ; and for that , I , his sole son , do this same villain send To heaven .	A villain kills my father , and for that , I , his sole son , do this same villain send To heaven .
I beseech you , what manner of man is he ?	What kind of man is he ?
I must eat my dinner .	I must eat my dinner .
Heaven would that she these gifts should have And I to live and die her slave .	Heaven wanted Rosalind to have these gifts And me to live and die as her slave .
Thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers . — Helen , I love thee .	Your threats are no stronger than her whining . — Helena , I love you .
But how wilt thou do for a father ?	Only how will you do for a father ?
That is the very defect of the matter , sir .	That ’ s what we ’ re trying to say , sir .
My prayers , minx ?	My prayers , you hussy ?
I think it freely , and betimes in the morning I will beseech the virtuous Desdemona to undertake for me .	Early in the morning I ’ ll go visit Desdemona and plead my case .
That handkerchief Did an Egyptian to my mother give ; She was a charmer , and could almost read The thoughts of people .	An Egyptian Gave that handkerchief to my mother ; She cast charms and could almost read The thoughts of people .
So it should be , that none but Antony Should conquer Antony , but woe ’ tis so !	That ’ s the way it should be — only Antony should conquer Antony .
To me , sir ?	Gave me , sir ?
Behind the arras I ’ ll convey myself To hear the process .	I ’ ll hide behind the tapestry to hear what they say .
It is but change , Titinius , for Octavius Is overthrown by noble Brutus ' power , As Cassius ' legions are by Antony .	The armies have merely changed places , Titinius , because Octavius has been overthrown by noble Brutus ’ s forces at the very moment that Antony overthrew Cassius ’ s legions .
I look down towards his feet , but that ’ s a fable .	But that ’ s just a fairy tale .
To make me bless 'd , or cursed 'st among men .	To make me blessed or cursed among men !
Good morrow , friends .	Good morning , my friends .
Name Cleopatra as she is called in Rome .	Call Cleopatra what the Romans call her .
Your Worship is deceived .	It ’ s not true .
Do you not know I am a woman ?	Don ’ t you know that I ’ m a woman ?
Nymph , in thy orisons Be all my sins remembered .	Nymph , in your eyes May all my sins be remembered .
I am glad to see your highness .	I ’ m glad to see your highness .
How is it with you , my most fair Bianca ?	How are you , my very beautiful Bianca ?
This tune goes manly .	Now you sound like a man .
Well , well , away .	Well , well , let ’ s go .
Which she shall purchase with still-lasting war .	She will purchase that peace with an everlasting war .
Modo he ’ s called , and Mahu .	He ’ s called Modo and Mahu .
For no man , sir .	For no man , sir .
Why do we hold our tongues , That most may claim this argument for ours ?	Why do we stop talking , That most may claim we did this ?
Gracious , so please you , We will bestow ourselves .	Gracious king , if it pleases you , We will bestow ourselves .
O father Abram , what these Christians are , Whose own hard dealings teaches them suspect The thoughts of others !	Oh , father Abraham , what are these Christians , Whose own hard dealings teach them to suspect The thoughts of others .
I do not know dat .	No , of course you don ’ t .
O , did he so ?	O , did he ?
If you can look into the seeds of time , And say which grain will grow and which will not , Speak then to me , who neither beg nor fear Your favors nor your hate .	If you can look into the future , And say what will happen , and what will not , Then speak to me , who doesn ’ t beg or is afraid of Your favors or your hateful spells .
I am an ass ; else it could never be But I should know her as well as she knows me .	I must be as stupid as an ass — that ’ s why I don ’ t know her , but she knows me .
Let me see .	Let me see .
I am not yet so low But that my nails can reach unto thine eyes .	I am not yet so low That my nails can ’ t reach yours eyes .
Is it within reason and compass ?	Is it feasible ?
I cannot hope Caesar and Antony shall well greet together .	I don ’ t expect Caesar and Antony will have a very friendly reunion .
But I hope you have no intent to turn husband , have you ?	But , hey , this doesn ’ t mean you ’ re looking to get married , does it ?
By and by .	By and by .
We two , my lord , Will guard your person while you take your rest And watch your safety .	The two of us will guard you while you sleep , my lord , and keep you safe .
What ?	That whore ?
Stand , ho !	Halt !
I take ’ t ’ tis later , sir .	I think it ’ s later than that , sir .
How parted he with thee ?	How did he say good-bye ?
Beware the ides of March .	Beware of March 15th .
Some haste , my lord !	A bit of a hurry , my lord !
Look up a-height .	Look for yourself — see the top of the cliff way up there ?
Nor I.	Me neither .
You see how full of changes his age is .	He ’ s so flighty in his old age , as we keep noticing .
He sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with Laertes , or that you will take longer time .	The king wishes to know if you want to play against him right away , or wait awhile .
O , wilt thou darkling leave me ?	Oh , will you , a dark-natured man , leave me ?
Go with me , Silvius .	Come with me , Silvius .
I commend your pains , And every one shall share i ' th ' gains .	I admire your efforts , and all of you will share the rewards .
This falls out better than I could devise .	This is going even better than I planned .
Fie on thee , wretch .	To hell with you !
Portia ?	Portia !
All you gods , In general synod take away her power ; Break all the spokes and fellies from her wheel , And bowl the round nave down the hill of heaven , As low as to the fiends !	All you gods , In general meeting , take away her power , Break all the spokes and curved rims from her wheel , And bowl the hub of the wheel down the hill of heaven , As low as you can to kill the fiends !
Nothing at all ; yet all that is I see .	Nothing at all , yet all that I see is .
Give me your hand .	Give me your hand .
The princes both make high account of you — I know they do , and I have well deserved it .	I know they do , and I certainly deserve it .
Hold , or cut bowstrings .	Be there , or don ’ t show your face again .
Peace , Grumio .	Hush , Grumio .
I ’ ll never see ’ t !	I ’ ll never see it .
But , hark thee , Charmian .	But listen , Charmian .
Have I , my lord ?	Have I , my lord ?
And for my means , I ’ ll husband them so well , They shall go far with little .	They say they have letters for you .
I know no news , my lord .	I don ’ t have any news to report , my lord .
Oh , that your Highness knew my heart in this : I never loved my brother in my life .	I wish your Highness knew my true feelings in this matter : I have never in my life loved my brother .
My life for yours !	my life for yours .
How fares my noble lord ?	How is my noble lord ?
Shall I go fetch your nightgown ?	Shall I go get your nightgown ?
Iago beckons me .	Iago is gesturing for me to come closer .
Pray you , look not sad , Nor make replies of loathness .	Please , don ’ t be sad , and don ’ t tell me how reluctant you are .
The will !	The will !
Simple , plain Clarence , I do love thee so That I will shortly send thy soul to heaven , If heaven will take the present at our hands .	I love you so much that I ’ ll send your soul to heaven very soon — if heaven will accept anything from me , that is .
Ay , so I thought .	That ’ s just what I thought .
You are as well provided of both as any prince in the world .	You are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world .
Here it is .	Here it is .
My duty hushes me .	It ’ s my duty to be quiet .
His name , my lord , is Tyrrel .	His name is Tyrrel , my lord .
Well , praised be the gods for thy foulness ; sluttishness may come hereafter .	Well , praise the Lord you ’ re ugly .
Then there ’ s hope a great man ’ s memory may outlive his life half a year .	In that case , there ’ s reason to hope a man ’ s memory may outlive him by six months .
Go , take it up unto thy master ’ s use .	Go , take it away and let your master make whatever use of it he can .
Ay , madam , twenty several messengers .	Yes , madam , twenty different messengers .
Where is kind Hastings ?	Where is kind Hastings ?
From henceforth I will , coz , and devise sports .	From now on I will , cousin , and I ’ ll think of all kinds of games for us .
The strings , my lord , are false .	The strings , my lord , are false .
Why do you speak so startingly and rash ?	Why do you speak so haltingly and angrily ?
Come , seek the conspirators .	Come , find the conspirators !
Realms and islands were As plates dropped from his pocket .	Kingdoms and provinces dropped from his pockets like loose change .
Madam , I come to whet your gentle thoughts On his behalf .	Madam , I ’ ve come here to try to make you like him .
With all my heart .	With all my heart .
Here comes your father .	Here comes your father .
Yet , countrymen , O , yet hold up your heads !	Yet , countrymen , O , still hold up your heads !
Why , there , there , there , there !	Why there , there , there , there !
Good countrymen , let me depart alone , And , for my sake , stay here with Antony .	Good countrymen , let me leave alone , And , for my sake , stay here with Antony .
I did not think you could have been so angry .	I didn ’ t think you could be so angry .
Yea , but so I am apt to do myself wrong .	Yes , but I am insulting myself by thinking this way .
Since this fortune falls to you , Be content , and seek no new .	Since this fortune falls to you , Be content and seek no other new one .
to Alonso &ket; It is foul weather in us all , good sir , &bra; to Alonso &ket; It is foul weather in us all , good sir , When you are cloudy .	It is bad weather in us all , good sir , When you are cloudy .
O the pernicious caitiff !	O the pernicious wretch !
While he was yet in Rome His power went out in such distractions as Beguiled all spies .	While he was still in Rome , he deployed his forces in so many different disguises that all our spies were fooled .
What say 'st thou to me now ?	What do you say to me now ?
My father , in his habit as he liv 'd !	My father in his clothes as he lived !
You are not ignorant of what excellence Laertes is —	I know you know something about how excellent Laertes is —
Why dost thou ask ?	Why do you ask ?
It were a delicate stratagem to shoe A troop of horse with felt .	How ingenious to make horseshoes out of felt .
O my sweet , I prattle out of fashion , and I dote In mine own comforts .	O my sweet , I chit-chat unfashionably , and I talk foolishly About my own comforts .
Call Claudio and some other of my men .	Call Claudio and some of my other men .
Oh , that brave Caesar !	Oh , that splendid Caesar !
A surgeon !	a surgeon !
I did hear The galloping of horse .	I heard the galloping of horses .
He will divorce you , Or put upon you what restraint and grievance The law , with all his might to enforce it on , Will give him cable .	he will divorce you ; Or apply to you what restraint and grievance The law will allow him to do , With all his might to do it .
If we offend , it is with our good will .	If we offend you , it is with our good will .
Some wine , ho !	Some wine , ho !
where is thy blush ?	Aren ’ t you embarrassed ?
Remember First to possess his books , for without them He 's but a sot , as I am , nor hath not One spirit to command — they all do hate him As rootedly as I.	Remember To possess his books first , because , without them , He 's only a fool , as I am , and hasn ’ t One spirit to command : they all hate him As deeply as I do .
By the eighth hour .	By eight o 'clock .
Too well , too well .	Only too well .
A good and virtuous nature may recoil In an imperial charge .	Even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give way to a royal command .
Beware the ides of March .	Beware the Ides of March .
Where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me ?	Where are the thousand
No , rather I will go to Benedick And counsel him to fight against his passion ; And truly I ’ ll devise some honest slanders To stain my cousin with .	No , instead I ’ ll go to Benedick and advise him to fight his emotions .
I am satisfied in nature , Whose motive in this case should stir me most To my revenge .	I am satisfied in nature , Whose motive , in this case , should move me the most To my revenge .
Be brief , lest that the process of thy kindness Last longer telling than thy kindness ' date .	Well , explain — but do it fast so that your puny store of kindness isn ’ t used up by talking about it .
To kill him , Clitus .	To kill him , Clitus .
But here my father comes .	And here comes father .
Sweet Desdemona !	Sweet Desdemona !
What will I do , think ’ st thou ?	What do you think I should do ?
Where is she ?	Where is she ?
Godspeed , fair Helena !	Hello , beautiful Helena !
On what compulsion must I ?	On what compulsion must I ?
to choose love by another 's eyes .	to choose love by what another person sees !
My lord of Orléans , and my Lord High Constable , you talk of horse and armor ?	My lord of Orléans , and my lord high Constable , are you talking about horses and armor ?
What need I fear of thee ?	Why should I be afraid of you ?
The greatest note of it is his melancholy .	The biggest clue is his seriousness .
Who chooseth me shall get as much as he deserves . ” “ As much as he deserves ! ” — pause there , Morocco , And weigh thy value with an even hand .	He who chooses me will get as much as he deserves . ” As much as he deserves — wait a minute there , Morocco , and consider your own value with a level head .
Thy currish spirit Governed a wolf who , hanged for human slaughter , Even from the gallows did his fell soul fleet , And whilst thou layest in thy unhallowed dam Infused itself in thee , for thy desires Are wolvish , bloody , starved , and ravenous .	That ’ s why your desires are wolfish , bloody , and ravenous .
Yet he hath ever but slenderly known himself .	But then again he ’ s never really understood his own feelings very well .
Precious villain !	Precious villain !
Oh , the heavens !	Good heavens !
I do not think ’ t .	I doubt it .
O heavens , that such companions thou ’ dst unfold , And put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the world Even from the east to th ' west !	Oh , I wish we could unmask scoundrels like that , and give a whip to every good man to beat them senseless with !
To thee , that hast nor honesty nor grace .	You , who are neither honest nor good .
What means this jest ?	But what ’ s the joke ?
Mend the instance , shepherd .	Fix your example , shepherd .
And I serve the fairy queen To dew her orbs upon the green .	I work for Titania , the Fairy Queen , and organize fairy dances for her in the grass .
His roguish madness Allows itself to any thing .	As a wandering lunatic , he can do whatever he wants .
Tis pitiful , but yet Iago knows That she with Cassio hath the act of shame A thousand times committed .	It ’ s sad , but Iago knows she had sex with Cassio a thousand times .
Thy lover , Artemidorus ” Here will I stand till Caesar pass along , And as a suitor will I give him this .	Your friend , Artemidorus . ” I ’ ll stand here until Caesar passes by , and I ’ ll give him this as though it ’ s a petition .
No .	No .
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip .	I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his lower lip .
Stop in your wind , sir .	Hold on a second .
To be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune , but to write and read comes by nature .	To be good-looking is a matter of luck , but to read and write is a natural gift .
They follow the king ’ s pleasure .	If he ’ s ready now , so am I.
Masters , let him go .	Gentlemen , let go of him .
Is not their climate foggy , raw , and dull , On whom , as in despite , the sun looks pale , Killing their fruit with frowns ?	Doesn ’ t the sun shine palely down on them , as though in contempt , killing their fruit with frowns ?
Thus hath the candle sing 'd the moth .	In this way , the candle has burned the moth .
And , which is worse , all you have done Hath been but for a wayward son , Spiteful and wrathful : who , as others do , Loves for his own ends , not for you .	And , which is worse , all you have done Has been only for a wayward son , Spiteful and wrathful , who , as others do , Loves for his own ends , not for you .
It may be , very like .	It may be , very likely .
There is further compliment of leave-taking between France and him .	There ’ s still the King of France ’ s farewell ceremony .
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
Thou shouldst not have been old till thou hadst been wise .	You ’ re not supposed to get old until you ’ re wise .
See ” ’ t shalt thou never . — Fellows , hold the chair . — Upon these eyes of thine I ’ ll set my foot .	You won ’ t be seeing anything . — Hold his chair still , men . — I ’ m going to put my foot on his eyes .
How can these things in me seem scorn to you , Bearing the badge of faith , to prove them true ?	How can these things in me seem like ridicule to you , When my tears prove them to be true ?
All dead .	They ’ re all dead .
do you mark that ?	Do you see that ?
Tis from your sister .	But oh , poor Glou-cester !
If he had been forgotten , It had been as a gap in our great feast And all-thing unbecoming .	If he had been forgotten , It would have been a gap in our great feast , And unbecoming to us .
Upon record , my gracious lord .	On record , my gracious lord .
Or else were this a savage spectacle .	Or else this was a savage spectacle .
O bloody period !	O bloody period !
Marry , sir , nose-painting , sleep , and urine .	By Mary , sir , nose-painting , sleep , and urine .
Ay , at Philippi .	Yes , at Philippi .
If it were now to die , ' Twere now to be most happy ; for I fear My soul hath her content so absolute That not another comfort like to this Succeeds in unknown fate .	If I were to die now , I could die very happy ; because , I ’ m afraid , My soul is so absolutely content , That no other comfort like this one Can follow unknown death .
The gods withhold me !	The gods forbid !
Thou art armed , Gloucester .	You ’ ve got a sword , Gloucester .
Lorenzo , and thy love .	Lorenzo , and your love .
And now , I pray you , sir — For still ’ tis beating in my mind — your reason For raising this sea storm ?	But please , father — the question is still nagging at me — why did you conjure up this storm ?
Oft have I heard of sanctuary men , But sanctuary children , ne 'er till now .	Often I have heard of “ sanctuary men , ” but until now I ’ ve never heard of “ sanctuary children . ” My lord , you ’ ve won me over this time .
No .	No .
I commend my duty to your lordship .	I commend my duty to your lordship .
I do entreat your Grace to pardon me .	I beg your grace to pardon me .
to Adrian &ket; &bra; to Sebastian &ket; Why , in good time .	Why , in good time .
By Jove that thunders !	By Jove that thunders !
And when the cross blue lightning seemed to open The breast of heaven , I did present myself Even in the aim and very flash of it .	When the forked blue lightning seemed to break open the sky , I put myself right where I thought it would hit .
with Lysander ?	with Lysander ?
Trust me , I could do much — Prithee , no more .	I swear , I could do so much — Please , no more .
His wits are gone .	He ’ s out of his right mind .
Why Doth it not then our eyelids sink ?	So why aren ’ t our eyelids heavy ?
Against my brother Lucius ?	Against my brother Lucius ?
But herein mean I to enrich my pain , To have his sight thither and back again .	But I mean to make my pain worth suffering , To have him look at me there and back again .
Gower is a good captain , and is good knowledge and literatured in the wars .	Gower is a good captain , and is well versed and well read in the wars .
Thy voice is thunder , but thy looks are humble .	Your voice is loud and commanding , but you look like a working man .
God save you , sir !	Thank you , sir .
Spirits , which by mine art I have from their confines call 'd to enact My present fancies .	Spirits , which , by my magic , I have called from their borders to enact My present wishes .
An adder did it , for with doubler tongue Than thine , thou serpent , never adder stung .	A snake did do it , because no snake ever had a more forked , lying tongue than you have .
And when goes hence ?	And when does he leave ?
Thou art to die .	You ’ re going to die .
I do not like your faults .	I don ’ t like your faults .
and squabble ?	and squabble ?
No disgrace Shall fall you for refusing him at sea , Being prepared for land .	Refusing to fight him at sea won ’ t disgrace you .
But yet I ’ ll make assurance double sure , And take a bond of fate .	But even so , I ’ ll make doubly sure .
By this light , thou shalt be my lieutenant , monster , or my standard .	You shall be my lieutenant , monster , or my main officer .
Oh , what authority and show of truth Can cunning sin cover itself withal !	Oh , sin can disguise itself so artfully !
How easy is it , then !	It ’ s so simple !
Send out more horses .	Send out more cavalry .
Is Cassius near ?	Is Cassius nearby ?
where ?	where ?
That sir which serves and seeks for gain , And follows but for form , Will pack when it begins to rain And leave thee in the storm .	The gentleman who serves you only for profit And is only superficially loyal to you Will take off when it starts to rain And leave you alone in the storm .
But I pray you commend my counterfeiting to him .	But please , tell him how well I faked a faint .
If I have killed the issue of your womb , To quicken your increase I will beget Mine issue of your blood upon your daughter .	If I have killed your children , I will have children with your daughter .
Tis true , this god did shake !	It ’ s true , this so-called “ god ” — he shook .
Let this fellow Be nothing of our strife .	Let ’ s not fight over this fellow .
Talkers are no good doers .	Talkers aren ’ t good doers .
Madam , it so fell out that certain players We o 'erraught on the way .	Madam , it just so happened that certain players We passed on the way here .
Give me mine angle .	Give me my fishing rod .
Those that have known the earth so full of faults .	Those who have known how bad things are here on earth .
Nay , I am sure it is , Volumnius .	No , I ’ m sure it has , Volumnius .
Welcome , mistress .	Welcome , mistress .
Will you play upon this pipe ?	Will you play on this pipe ?
Now , as you are a Roman , tell me true .	Now , as you ’ re a Roman , tell me the truth .
Come , the recorders !	Play your flutes !
O limèd soul that , struggling to be free , Art more engaged !	My soul is stuck to sin , and the more it struggles to break free , the more it sticks .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us . — Farewell , dear sister .	We ’ ll keep the lines of communication open between us .
Those that with haste will make a mighty fire Begin it with weak straws .	Those that are in a hurry will make a mighty fire and Start it with flimsy straws .
Ay , my lord , I would know that .	Yes , my lord , I want to know that .
But , orderly to end where I begun , Our wills and fates do so contrary run That our devices still are overthrown ; Our thoughts are ours , their ends none of our own .	But , to go back to where I started , Our wills and fates run in so much in different directions , That our plans are still turned upside down , Our thoughts are ours , but their results aren ’ t ours .
I mean , sir , for his weapon .	Excellent in fencing , I mean , sir .
Meet me by and by at the citadel .	Meet me later at the fortress .
Unkindness may do much , And his unkindness may defeat my life , But never taint my love .	Unkindness may do much , And his unkindness may kill my life , But never taint my love .
When beggars die there are no comets seen .	When beggars die there are no comets in the sky .
Once more , adieu .	Again , goodbye .
I will not long be troubled with you .	I ’ m not going to be bothered by you for long .
What is a man , If his chief good and market of his time Be but to sleep and feed ?	What is a man , If his chief good and use of his time Is only to sleep and eat ?
aside &ket; Fair encounter &bra; aside &ket; Fair encounter Of two most rare affections !	Aside &ket; Fair meeting Of two most rare loves !
It is a massy wheel Fixed on the summit of the highest mount , To whose huge spokes ten thousand lesser things Are mortised and adjoined , which , when it falls , Each small annexment , petty consequence , Attends the boisterous ruin .	He ’ s like a huge wheel on the top of the highest mountain whose spokes touch the rim of ten thousand smaller things — when it falls down the mountain , every little object goes down with it .
I shall , my lord .	I will , sir .
In such a time as this it is not meet That every nice offense should bear his comment .	In a time like this , it doesn ’ t make sense to criticize every offense .
O perjured woman , thou dost stone my heart , And mak ’ st me call what I intend to do A murder , which I thought a sacrifice !	You liar , you ’ re turning my heart to stone , and making me call what I ’ ll do murder , when I had been thinking of it as a sacrifice !
If you be well pleased with this And hold your fortune for your bliss , Turn you where your lady is And claim her with a loving kiss . ”	If you ’ re happy with what you ’ ve won And accept this prize as your blissful destiny , Then turn to where your lady is , And claim her with a loving kiss . ”
Tarry , rash wanton ; am not I thy lord ?	am not I your lord ?
Use me but as your spaniel — spurn me , strike me , Neglect me , lose me .	Treat me like you would treat a dog — kick me , hit me , neglect me , try to lose me .
He shall spurn fate , scorn death , and bear His hopes ’ bove wisdom , grace , and fear .	He shall spurn fate , scorn death , and bear His hopes above wisdom , grace , and fear .
These blazes , daughter , Giving more light than heat , extinct in both Even in their promise , as it is a-making , You must not take for fire .	These blazes , daughter , Giving more light than heat , dead in both , Even in their promises , dying as they are being made , Must not be taken for real fire .
When did I see thee so put down ?	When has anyone ever put you down like that .
The one of them contains my picture , Prince .	One of them contains my picture .
My lord ?	My lord ?
I pray you , commend me to Mistress Squash , your mother , and to Master Peascod , your father .	Please , give my regards to your mother , Mrs. Peapod , and your father , Mr. Peapod .
Cure her of that .	Cure her of that .
Ay , so I thought .	Yes , so I thought .
How goes it with my brave Mark Antony ?	How does it go with my magnificent Mark Antony ?
That will I.	I will .
Good sir , be a man ; Think every bearded fellow that 's but yoked May draw with you .	Good sir , be a man ; Do you think every bearded fellow that wears a harness May be driven by you ?
Faith , none but Humfrey Hower , that called your Grace To breakfast once , forth of my company .	Name one .
Tis the last service that I shall command you .	It ’ s the last command I shall ever give you .
Thrice noble lord , let me entreat of you To pardon me yet for a night or two , Or if not so , until the sun be set .	Thrice noble lord , I beg you to excuse me for another night or two — or at least until nightfall .
Sound , music .	Sound , music .
I know the hand .	I recognize the handwriting .
In debating which was best , we shall part with neither .	We argued about which was best , and now we won ’ t get either one .
Methinks I see these things with parted eye , When every thing seems double .	I think I see these things with unfocused eyes , As when every thing seems double .
Thus must I from the smoke into the smother , From tyrant duke unto a tyrant brother .	Out of the frying pan and into the fire — from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother !
The “ why ” is plain as way to parish church : He that a fool doth very wisely hit Doth very foolishly , although he smart , Not to seem senseless of the bob .	Well , it ’ s as plain as the beaten path to a parish church .
Myself have to mine own turned enemy .	I ’ ve become an enemy to my own soldiers !
Swear .	Swear .
Good Signior Angelo , you must excuse us all ; My wife is shrewish when I keep not hours .	Signior Angelo , please excuse us .
Who would be jealous , then , of such a one ?	Then why be jealous of a person like that ?
Believe me , lord , I think he cannot choose .	I don ’ t think he ’ d have any choice , my lord .
I will , sir .	I will , sir .
Besides — I ha ' not since put up my sword — Against the Capitol I met a lion , Who glared upon me and went surly by , Without annoying me .	Also — I ’ ve kept my sword unsheathed since I saw this — in front of the Capitol I met a lion who looked at me and strutted by without bothering to attack me .
Oh , Caesar , This Charmian lived but now .	Oh , Caesar , this Charmian lived until a moment ago .
Signior Lodovico ?	Signor Lodovico ?
Here 's yet some liquor left .	Here 's some poison wine still left .
Nay , we will slink away in supper-time , Disguise us at my lodging , and return , All in an hour .	No , we ’ ll slink away at suppertime , Disguise ourselves at my house , and return All in an hour .
Why comest thou ?	Why do you come here ?
If she be black , and thereto have a wit , She ’ ll find a white that shall her blackness fit .	Even if she ’ s ugly , she ’ ll be smart enough to find a guy to sleep with her .
With much , much more dismay I view the fight than thou that makest the fray .	I ’ m more anxious watching you fight than you are in the fight itself .
And so will I.	Me too .
They that add , moreover , he ’ s drunk nightly in your company .	The same people who say he gets drunk with you every night .
This is above all strangeness .	This is beyond weird .
I know you by the waggling of your head .	I can tell by the way you waggle your head .
Judge me the world if ’ tis not gross in sense That thou hast practiced on her with foul charms , Abused her delicate youth with drugs or minerals That weakens motion .	It ’ s obvious to everyone that you ’ ve tricked her , drugged her , or kidnapped her .
They are weary ?	These are tricks .
I do know , When the blood burns , how prodigal the soul Lends the tongue vows .	I do know , When passion burns the blood , how the wasteful soul Gives the tongue vows to speak .
What concern they ?	What concern are they ?
Perdie , your doors were locked , and you shut out .	By God , your doors were locked and you were shut out .
I am not bound to please thee with my answers .	I am not required to please you with my answer .
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
thou art my love , I think .	you are my love , I think .
I would my father look 'd but with my eyes .	I wish my father could see with my eyes .
Away !	Go away !
I urged you further ; then you scratch 'd your head , And too impatiently stamp 'd with your foot .	I asked you again , then you scratched your head , And stamped your foot very impatiently .
Nor send you out o ' th ' way ?	Or ask you to leave the room ?
But in this case of wooing , A child shall get a sire , if I fail not of my cunning .	But in this case of wooing , a child shall father his own father — if my wits don ’ t fail me .
Speak , Count , ’ tis your cue .	Speak , Claudio , that ’ s your cue .
Be the Jacks fair within , the Jills fair without , the carpets laid , and everything in order ?	Are all the cups and glasses in their places , the tablecloths laid out — everything in order ?
Ay , Lepidus .	Yes , Lepidus .
Nay then , come on , and take the chance of anger .	Come on then .
Trebonius doth desire you to o 'er read , At your best leisure , this his humble suit .	Trebonius wants you to read this Humble suit at your leisure .
This fellow doth not stand upon points .	This guy doesn ’ t pay much attention to punctuation .
Tis bitter cold , And I am sick at heart .	It ’ s bitterly cold out , and I ’ m depressed .
I am sorry to hear this .	I ’ m sorry to hear this .
We are no tyrant , but a Christian king , Unto whose grace our passion is as subject As is our wretches fettered in our prisons .	I am no tyrant but a Christian king , whose emotions are as tightly controlled as the wretches who languish in our prisons .
Be thou assur 'd , if words be made of breath , And breath of life , I have no life to breathe What thou hast said to me .	Be assured , if words are made of breath , And breath is made of life , I have no life to breathe What you have said to me .
Marry , if he that writ it had played Pyramus and hanged himself in Thisbe ’ s garter , it would have been a fine tragedy .	As a matter of fact , if the playwright had played Pyramus and hanged himself with Thisbe ’ s belt , it would have been a very good tragedy .
Parted you in good terms ?	Did you leave on good terms ?
It might , my lord .	No more than that , my lord .
Roast me in sulphur !	Roast me in fires of sulphur !
I have too grieved a heart To take a tedious leave .	My heart ’ s too sad for long goodbyes .
O dear father , It is thy business that I go about .	Oh , father , I ’ m taking care of your business .
Then I would you were so honest a man .	In that case I wish you were as good a man as a fish seller .
My good friends , I 'll leave you till night .	I ’ ll leave you till night .
I did .	I did .
You 'll ask me , why I rather choose to have A weight of carrion flesh , than to receive Three thousand ducats : I 'll not answer that : But , say , it is my humour .	You ask me why I would rather choose to have A weight of dead flesh than to receive Three thousand dollars .
Be curst and brief .	Be pointed and brief .
when they do choose , They have the wisdom by their wit to lose .	When they choose , They have the wisdom to lose by their senses .
At our synagogue , Tubal .	Let me choose now .
But when I tell him he hates flatterers , He says he does , being then most flatterèd .	When I tell him he hates flatterers , he agrees , just at the moment when I ’ m flattering him the most .
None at all .	No , none at all .
Fury , Fury ! — There , Tyrant , there .	Fury , Fury ! — Get over there , Tyrant , there .
He cannot like her long .	He can ’ t like her very long .
With what persuasion did he tempt thy love ?	How did he try to persuade you to love him ?
It was , so please your Highness .	It was , so please your highness .
O my follies !	What a fool I ’ ve been !
I dare not drink yet , madam — by-and-by .	I dare not drink yet , madam , by and by .
O , my good lord , yonder 's foul murders done !	O , my good lord , there 's foul murders done over there !
So much for him .	So much for Fortinbras .
I remember The first time ever Caesar put it on ; ' Twas on a summer 's evening , in his tent , That day he overcame the Nervii .	I remember The first time Caesar ever put it on ; It was on a summer 's evening , in his tent , That day he overcame Belgium .
Let not a traitor live !	Revenge , — go , — find , — burn , — fire , — kill , — slay , — don ’ t let a traitor live !
And let us do it with no show of fear , No , with no more than if we heard that England Were busied with a Whitsun morris-dance .	Let ’ s do it with no show of anxiety — no , with no more fear than if we ’ d heard that the English were busying themselves with folk dancing .
Is this the noble Moor whom our full Senate Call all in all sufficient ?	Is this the noble Moor whom our full senate Said had it all ?
Who builds stronger than a mason , a ship- wright , or a carpenter ?	Who builds stronger than a mason , a shipbuilder , or a carpenter ?
My name is Edgar , and thy father ’ s son .	My name is Edgar , and I ’ m your father ’ s son .
Our bodies are our gardens , to the which our wills are gardeners .	Our bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener .
So can I.	I can too .
And , gentle master , I received no gold .	And my sweet master , I received no gold .
He speaks to me . — I am your master , Dromio .	I ’ m your master , Dromio .
If much you note him , You shall offend him and extend his passion .	If you pay too much attention to him you ’ ll make him angry , and that will make his convulsions go on longer .
That which hath made them drunk hath made me bold .	The alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold .
Good night , my lord .	Good night , my lord .
Fare thee well at once .	Now , good-bye .
And if on earth he do not merit it , In reason he should never come to heaven .	And if he doesn ’ t deserve this joy on earth , he ’ ll never deserve it in heaven .
I hear it by the way , but I will send .	I was told so , But I will send .
Tis my picture .	There ’ s a picture of me inside .
Know , sir , that I Will not wait pinioned at your master ’ s court , Nor once be chastised with the sober eye Of dull Octavia .	You ’ d better understand that I won ’ t wait till I ’ m chained up in your master ’ s court , and I won ’ t let myself be scolded even once by dull Octavia .
You mar our labor .	You ’ re getting in the way of our work .
She is indeed perfection .	She is , indeed , perfection .
Was ’ t not the way ?	Wasn ’ t that the best thing to do ?
I ’ ll have no worse a name than Jove ’ s own page , And therefore look you call me Ganymede .	I ’ ll take no lesser name than that of Something that refers to my current state .
I know my hour is come .	I know I ’ m going to die .
Go to the gate .	Go to the gate .
You shall hear me .	You will listen to me .
Come thy ways , Signior Fabian .	Come along with us , Signor Fabian .
There are the players .	There are the players .
It is my wretched fortune .	It ’ s just my bad luck .
Draw thy sword — one stroke Shall free thee from the tribute which thou payest , And I the King shall love thee .	Draw your sword : one stroke Shall free you from the taxes which you pay , And I the king shall be devoted to you .
I am bound by oath , and therefore pardon me .	I am bound by oath , so please forgive me .
Do you triumph ?	Do you think you ’ ve won ?
I , sir , am Dromio .	I , sir , am Dromio .
I should sin To think but nobly of my grandmother : Good wombs have borne bad sons .	I should sin only To think nobly of my grandmother : Good women have had bad sons .
The time to come .	By the future .
Nay , but to live In the rank sweat of an enseamed bed , Stew 'd in corruption , honeying and making love Over the nasty sty !	No , but to live In the rotten sweat of an greasy bed , Stewed in corruption , using sweet words and making love Over the nasty pig sty .
Be comforted , dear madam .	Be calm , dear lady .
I ’ ll strike and cry , “ Take all . ” Well said .	When I strike , I ’ ll cry , “ All or nothing ! ” Well put .
He is too disputable for my company .	He ’ s too argumentative for me .
Words without thoughts never to heaven go .	Words without thoughts never go to heaven .
O , take the sense , sweet , of my innocence !	Oh , sweetheart , take what I said in an innocent sense .
Bring him before us .	Go ahead , then .
what news , my love ?	what news , my love ?
If every one knows us , and we know none , ' Tis time , I think , to trudge , pack , and be gone .	If everyone here knows us but we don ’ t know anybody , it ’ s time , I think , for us to pack our bags and take off .
I would thou couldst .	I wish you could !
Will you go on ?	Will you go ahead ?
We must obey the time .	We ’ re on a tight schedule .
And , as thou badest me , In troops I have dispersed them ' bout the isle .	I ’ ve separated them into groups around the island , just as you ordered .
For his valor cannot carry his discretion , and the fox carries the goose .	He ’ s not brave enough to be wise .
My heart is ten times lighter than my looks .	My heart is ten times lighter than my looks .
Ratcliffe !	Ratcliffe !
You that choose not by the view , Chance as fair , and choose as true !	You that choose not by looks , Gamble as fair and choose as true !
Is it so long ? — Call forth the holy father .	Has it been so long ?
Life 's but a walking shadow , a poor player That struts and frets his hour upon the stage And then is heard no more .	Life 's only a walking shadow ; a bad actor , That struts and worries about his hour onstage , And then is not heard from again .
I take 't ’ tis later , sir .	I think it ’ s later than that , sir .
Now , Hamlet , where 's Polonius ?	Now , Hamlet , where 's Polonius ?
Ay , with a twink .	Yes , right away .
Not so young , sir , to love a woman for singing , nor so old to dote on her for anything .	Not young enough to fall in love with a woman because she sings well , but not old enough to dote on a woman for any reason .
By your patience , I needs must rest me .	Be patient , I have to rest .
I must needs report the truth .	I must go report what happened .
Since the youth of the count ’ s was today with thy lady , she is much out of quiet .	Ever since the Duke ’ s messenger visited Olivia , she ’ s been upset .
Who stocked my servant ?	Who put my servant in the stocks ?
A simple countryman that brought her figs .	A simple country farmer who brought her figs .
In happy time here comes the duke himself .	Right on cue , here ’ s the duke himself .
Away , and mock the time with fairest show .	Go now , and pretend to be a friendly hostess .
What is the matter there ?	What ’ s the matter there ?
What soldiers , patch ?	What soldiers , servant ?
I am debating of my present store , And by the near guess of my memory I cannot instantly raise up the gross Of full three thousand ducats .	If I remember correctly , I can ’ t raise the entire three thousand ducats immediately .
Will you sup with me tonight , Casca ?	Will you have dinner with me tonight , Casca ?
Let me see , let me see .	Let me see , let me see .
to Ariel &ket; Spirit , fine spirit , I — II free &bra; to Ariel &ket; Spirit , fine spirit , I — II free thee Within two days for this .	I 'll free you Within two days for this .
This approves her letter That she would soon be here .	She ’ ll be here soon , just like her letter said .
I think you are all mated or stark mad .	I think you ’ re all either bewildered or stark raving mad .
What , has this thing appear 'd again to-night ?	Tell me , has this thing appeared again tonight ?
Good signors both , when shall we laugh ?	We ’ re available .
Your worship was wont to tell me that I could do nothing without bidding .	You always loved to tell me I couldn ’ t do anything without being told .
Fulvia thy wife first came into the field .	Your wife , Fulvia , mustered her army first .
Marry , now I can tell .	Indeed , my lord .
What should a man do but be merry ?	What should a man do but be merry ?
It is a letter from my brother that I have not all o 'er-read .	It ’ s a letter from my brother that I haven ’ t finished reading yet .
This morning , like the spirit of a youth That means to be of note , begins betimes .	Like a young man who wants to amount to something , this morning begins early .
Who , I , my lord ?	Who , me ?
Let us withdraw .	Let ’ s go inside .
Hail !	Hail !
But my uncle-father and aunt-mother are deceived .	But still , my uncle-father and aunt-mother have got the wrong idea .
I do but say what she is .	I only say what she is .
Why , how should she be murdered ?	Why , how could she have been murdered ?
Even so , Lucilius .	Even like that , Lucilius .
What say ’ st thou , my fair flower de luce ?	What do you say , my fair I do not know dat .
If she should break it now !	If she should break the moment now !
Virtue ?	Can ’ t help it ?
In his bosom ?	In his heart ?
Is that the uttermost ?	Is that the latest we can do it ?
Saw you no more ?	Oh no !
Is this the Prince ’ s brother ?	Is this the Prince ’ s brother ?
Nay , but , Ophelia — Pray you , mark .	Please wait .
I led them on in this distracted fear And left sweet Pyramus translated there .	I led them on in this frightened , distracted state , and left sweet
That is Laertes , a very noble youth .	That is Laertes , A very noble youth .
How now , my lord !	What ’ s with you , my lord ?
Against my will I am sent to bid you come in to dinner . ” There ’ s a double meaning in that .	Against my will , I ’ ve been told to bring you in to dinner . ” There ’ s a double meaning in that .
most ungrateful maid !	Most ungrateful maid !
Say “ a day ” without the “ ever . ” No , no , Orlando , men are April when they woo , December when they wed . Maids are May when they are maids , but the sky changes when they are wives .	No , Orlando , men are like April when they ’ re wooing a girl — young , and passionate — but like December once they ’ re married and their passions have cooled .
Do you triumph , Roman ?	Do you win , Roman ?
There is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things .	There are reasons and causes why and how in everything .
O , I am spoil 'd , undone by villains !	O , I am attacked , undone by villains !
You will to 't , sir , really .	You will do it , Sir , really .
That death 's unnatural that kills for loving .	That death is unnatural that kills for loving .
What thou wouldst highly , That wouldst thou holily ; wouldst not play false , And yet wouldst wrongly win .	When I tried desperately to question them further , they vanished into thin air .
If that will not suffice , I will be bound to pay it ten times o 'er , On forfeit of my hands , my head , my heart .	If that ’ s not enough , I ’ ll sign a contract to pay ten times that much , and I ’ ll give you my hands , my head , and my heart as security .
How like a fawning publican he looks !	He looks like a flattering tax collector !
So were their daggers , which unwiped we found Upon their pillows .	So were their daggers , which we found on their pillows , unwiped .
He supp 'd at my house ; but I therefore shake not .	He dined at my house ; but I don ’ t shake because of that .
O dear Phoebe , If ever — as that ever may be near — You meet in some fresh cheek the power of fancy , Then shall you know the wounds invisible That love ’ s keen arrows make .	Oh , darling Phoebe , if you ever fall in love with some fresh face , then you ’ ll know about the invisible wounds that love ’ s sharp arrows can make .
And so farewell , Signior Lucentio .	Farewell , then , Signior Lucentio .
And I am sick when I look not on you .	And I get sick when I can ’ t look at you .
What noise ?	What ’ s that sound ?
Adieu , adieu , adieu !	Goodbye , goodbye !
Ay , my lord , this same .	Yes , my lord .
Is 't possible , my lord ?	Is it possible , my lord ?
I believe drink gave thee the lie last night .	I believe drink did all of this to you last night .
Can you tell me whether one Launcelot , that dwells with him , dwell with him , or no ?	Can you tell me whether one Launcelot , who lives with him , lives with him or not ?
Speak no more of him ; you ’ ll be whipped for taxation one of these days .	No more talk about my father ; you ’ ll be whipped for slander one of these days .
I do not set my life in a pin ’ s fee , And for my soul — what can it do to that , Being a thing immortal as itself ?	And as for my soul , how can the ghost endanger that , since it ’ s as immortal as the ghost is ?
May I speak with Antonio ?	May I speak with Antonio ?
Prithee , peace .	Please say no more .
No master , sir , but a poor man 's son : his father , though I say it , is an honest exceeding poor man , and , God be thanked , well to live .	No master , sir , only a poor man 's son ; his father , although I say it , is an honest , exceedingly poor man , and , thank God , well enough to live .
She soon shall know of us , by some of ours , How honorable and how kindly we Determine for her , for Caesar cannot live To be ungentle .	She ’ ll find out soon enough by one of our messengers how respectfully and kindly we plan to treat her .
Stay , give me drink . — Hamlet , this pearl is thine .	Give me a goblet . — Hamlet , this pearl ’ s yours .
I 'll be with you straight .	I ’ ll be with you right away .
Tie up my love ’ s tongue .	Keep my lover quiet .
Some achieve greatness — ” What sayest thou ?	Some achieve greatness — ” What are you saying ?
I never saw my father in my life .	I never saw my father in my life .
And that were much he should , for he is given To sports , to wildness , and much company .	And that ’ s as much he should do , because he ’ s given To sports , to wildness , and to having a lot of company .
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
As wicked dew as e 'er my mother brushed With raven 's feather from unwholesome fen Drop on you both !	Let a dew as wicked as any my mother brushed From a polluted bog with raven 's feather Fall on both of you !
Poor Tom ’ s a-cold .	Poor Tom ’ s chilly .
Antonio , O my dear Antonio !	Antonio , oh my dear Antonio !
Be angry when you will , it shall have scope .	Be angry whenever you like , it ’ s all right with me .
O villain , villain , smiling , damned villain !	O villain , villain , smiling , damned villain !
Out of my sight ! — Be not offended , dear Cesario . — Rudesby , be gone !	Get out of my sight ! — Dear Cesario , please don ’ t be offended . — Get out of here , you barbarian !
Gentle Octavia , Let your best love draw to that point which seeks Best to preserve it .	Gentle Octavia , support the one that supports you .
The sweetest sleep and fairest-boding dreams That ever entered in a drowsy head Have I since your departure had , my lords .	Since you left , I ’ ve been enjoying the sweetest sleep and most promising dreams I ’ ve ever had , my lords .
The enemy comes on in gallant show ; Their bloody sign of battle is hung out , And something to be done immediately .	The enemy comes on in a show full of noble daring ; Their bloody sign of battle is hung out , And something has to be done immediately .
The enemies of Caesar shall say this : Then , in a friend , it is cold modesty .	The enemies of Caesar shall say all this ; Then , in a friend , it is cold shame .
By and by .	I ’ ll get there .
I pray you , look upon her .	Keep an eye on her .
I will go with thee .	I ’ ll go with you .
You say not right , old man .	You ’ ve got it wrong , old man .
I have possessed your grace of what I purpose , And by our holy Sabbath have I sworn To have the due and forfeit of my bond .	I ’ ve told you what I intend to do , and I ’ ve sworn by the holy Sabbath to seek the penalty that is due according to our contract .
Heavens , I am the best of them that speak this speech , Were I but where ’ tis spoken .	My God , I ’ m the highest-ranking person who speaks this language — if only we were back where it ’ s spoken .
Say I , her sovereign , am her subject low .	Tell her that I , her king , am her lowly subject .
Tell him we could have rebuked him at Harfleur , but that we thought not good to bruise an injury till it were full ripe .	Tell him we could have driven him back at Harfleur but thought it unwise to burst a pustule before it had fully ripened .
O sweet mistress , speak !	Oh sweet mistress , speak !
Good morrow , neighbor , whither away so fast ?	Good morrow , neighbor , whither away so fast ?
An oath of mickle might , and fury shall abate .	That ’ s an oath of great power , and our fury must subside .
What is a traitor ?	What is a traitor ?
I would not have him miscarry for the half of my dowry .	I ’ d give half my dowry to keep anything bad from happening to him .
I will not swear these are my hands .	I can ’ t even be sure these are my hands .
If I had thee in Lipsbury pinfold , I would make thee care for me .	If I could get my hands on you , I ’ d make you care .
So please you , something touching the Lord Hamlet .	If it pleases you , something touching the Lord Hamlet .
Why , how now , Hecate !	What ’ s wrong , Hecate ?
Sir Toby , I must be round with you .	Sir Toby , I ’ ve got to be frank with you .
Tis a fearful odds .	These are frightening odds .
And now , Laertes , what 's the news with you ?	And now , Laertes , what 's the news with you ?
Give every man thy ear but few thy voice .	Listen to many people , but talk to few .
He attendeth here hard by , To know your answer , whether you 'll admit him .	He waits very nearby , To know your answer , whether you 'll admit him .
We cannot fight for love as men may do .	We cannot fight for love as men can .
Went they not quickly , I should die with laughing .	They ’ re certainly a peaceful couple !
Here is a wonder , if you talk of a wonder .	This is a miracle , if you talk of miracles .
Marry , that can Hero !	Indeed , Hero herself can !
How “ seventh cause ” ? — Good my lord , like this fellow .	What do you mean , the seventh cause ?
That handkerchief thou speak ’ st of I found by fortune and did give my husband .	I found that handkerchief by accident and gave it to my husband .
Till he come home again , I would forbear .	I ’ d endure it until he came home again .
An honest man he is , and hates the slime That sticks on filthy deeds .	He ’ s an honest man who detests evil actions .
Go to , mum , you are he .	Be quiet , you are Antonio .
Does ’ t not go well ?	Aren ’ t things going well ?
Let ’ s not consort with them .	Let ’ s not stay here with them .
God be wi ' you , sir .	May God be at your table .
How canst thou make me satisfaction ?	How can you square things with me ?
If I find a hole in his coat , I will tell him my mind .	If I find an opportunity , I will give him a piece of my mind .
Gramercies , Tranio , well dost thou advise .	That ’ s good advice .
Then there is the County Palatine .	Then there ’ s the Count Palatine .
Never so rich a gem Was set in worse than gold .	There never was so rich a gem Set in something worse than gold .
Poor I am but his stale .	I am nothing but a poor , used fool .
The flat transgression of a schoolboy who , being overjoyed with finding a birds ' nest , shows it his companion , and he steals it .	He was like a schoolboy who finds a bird ’ s nest and happily shows it to his friend , who then steals it from him .
Signor Bassanio , hear me .	Listen , Signor Bassanio , there ’ s nothing to worry about .
Kill Brutus , and be honored in his death .	Kill Brutus and be honored by the killing .
It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse , my lord .	It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard speak , my lord .
If it be no more , Portia is Brutus ' harlot , not his wife .	If it ’ s no more than this , Then Portia is Brutus ' whore , not his wife .
Do not learn of him , Emilia , though he be thy husband .	Don ’ t listen to him , Emilia , even though he ’ s your husband .
Upon condition Publius shall not live , Who is your sister ’ s son , Mark Antony .	On the condition that your sister ’ s son , Publius , also must die , Mark Antony .
And brief , good mother , for I am in haste .	And brief , good mother — I ’ m in a hurry .
You will answer , “ The slaves are ours . ” So do I answer you .	No , you ’ d answer , “ The slaves are ours . ” And that ’ s just how I ’ m answering you .
What from the cape can you discern at sea ?	What can you see out on the ocean ?
I am a gentleman .	I ’ m a gentleman .
What a strange drowsiness possesses them !	How strange that they all got so sleepy !
What are you ?	Who are you ?
Hark , what noise is this ?	What ’ s that noise ?
I will not till I please .	I won ’ t until I ’ m ready .
Do not you chide ; I have a thing for you .	Don ’ t scold ; I have something for you .
You , you , ay , you !	You !
She made good view of me , indeed so much That sure methought her eyes had lost her tongue , For she did speak in starts distractedly .	It ’ s true she looked at me a lot , in fact , she looked at me so much that she seemed distracted , and couldn ’ t really finish her sentences very well .
How came she by that light ?	Where did she get that light ?
If he be taken , he shall never more Be feared of doing harm .	If he ’ s caught , he ’ ll never make trouble for anyone again .
Couch we a while and mark .	Let ’ s stay and watch a while .
To what , my love , shall I compare thine eyne ?	What , my love , shall I compare your eyes to ?
You are the lord of duty .	You ’ re the one I have to obey .
Whereon I do beseech thee , grant me this , To leave me but a little to myself .	But in return , please , do one thing for me : leave me alone for a little while .
Since he went into France , I have been in continual practice .	I ’ ve been practicing fencing constantly since he went off to France .
I reasoned with a Frenchman yesterday , Who told me , in the narrow seas that part The French and English , there miscarried A vessel of our country richly fraught .	I spoke with a Frenchman yesterday who said that a Venetian ship loaded with treasure was wrecked in the English Channel .
It is impossible you should see this Were they as prime as goats , as hot as monkeys , As salt as wolves in pride , and fools as gross As ignorance made drunk .	It is impossible that you should see this If they were as prime as goats , as hot as monkeys , As salty as wolves in a pride , and fools as disgusting As ignorance made drunk .
In troth , I think I should , and undo 't when I had done .	In truth , I think I should ; and undo it when I had done .
There ’ s nothing in her yet .	She doesn ’ t have anything going for her so far .
This was a merry message .	That was a humorous message .
I ’ ll call upon you straight .	I ’ ll call for you soon .
Speak it again and , even with the word , This hand , which for thy love did kill thy love , Shall for thy love kill a far truer love .	Say it again — just one word , and my hand , which killed your lover out of love , will kill your far truer lover .
But where ’ s my fool ?	But where ’ s my fool ?
Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin .	Call in the messengers sent from the Dauphin .
What sum owes he the Jew ?	How much does he owe the Jew ?
Twill be a good way , and tomorrow the wrestling is .	I have a good plan .
As hell , Sir Topas .	Dark as hell , Sir Topas .
Now is the time of help .	Now is the time when we need your help .
Do they hold the same estimation they did when I was in the city ?	Do they hold the same respect they did when I was in the city ?
I cannot tell .	I don ’ t remember .
Yes , truly ; — for , look you , the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children ; therefore , I promise you I fear you .	Yes , honestly ; because , look , the sins of the father are to be laid on the children ; so , I promise you , I ’ m afraid you .
And do still , by these pickers and stealers .	And still do , I swear by my hands .
I remember a mass of things , but nothing distinctly ; a quarrel , but nothing wherefore .	I remember a lot , but nothing clearly , a quarrel , but not why .
So perhaps did yours .	So , perhaps , did yours .
Brought to this town by that most famous warrior Duke Menaphon , your most renownèd uncle .	Your renowned uncle , Duke Menaphon , the famous soldier , brought me here .
I ’ ll devil-porter it no further .	I won ’ t pretend to be the devil ’ s porter anymore .
I know thee well .	I know you .
I have done the deed .	I have done the deed .
What did you enact ?	What did you enact ?
God ’ s bodykins , man , much better .	Good heavens , man , give them more than that !
Why , because he was mad .	A crazy bastard .
Be gentle to her .	Be kind to her .
Therefore I have entreated him along With us to watch the minutes of this night , That if again this apparition come He may approve our eyes and speak to it .	So I ’ ve begged him to come along With us to watch what happens this night , That , if this apparition comes again , He may believe what we have seen and speak to it .
Orlando , my liege , the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys .	Orlando , my lord , the youngest son of Sir Rowland de Boys .
Four days will quickly steep themselves in night .	No , you ’ ll see , four days will quickly turn into four nights .
My lord , I ’ ll tell you that self bill is urged Which in th ' eleventh year of the last king ’ s reign Was like , and had indeed against us passed But that the scambling and unquiet time Did push it out of farther question .	Everyone thought it would pass then , and it probably would have had it not been for the great civil unrest and uncertainty of the time , which required the matter to be put off .
Every fool can tell that .	Every fool can tell that .
To cut his throat i ' the church .	To cut his throat in the church .
Our troops set forth tomorrow .	Our troops are deployed tomorrow .
Where ’ s Seleucus ?	Where ’ s Seleucus ?
Why then , alas , Do I put up that womanly defense , To say I have done no harm ?	So then why should I offer this womanish defense that I ’ m innocent ?
Hark , canst thou hear me ?	Listen , can you hear me ?
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Had I great Juno ’ s power , The strong-winged Mercury should fetch thee up And set thee by Jove ’ s side .	If I had the goddess Juno ’ s power , I would make the strong-winged messenger , Mercury , pick you up and seat you beside Jove .
When Biondello comes , he waits on thee , But I will charm him first to keep his tongue .	It ’ s obvious : Here comes Biondello .
Marry , before he fell down , when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown , he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut .	Indeed , before he fell down , when he realized the commoners were glad he refused the crown , he pulled open his robe and offered them his throat to cut .
You may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar .	You may appreciate him more as a soldier than as a scholar .
Why should he follow ?	Why should he have followed you ?
Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?	Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?
Hail .	Hello !
Besides , the knave is handsome , young , and hath all those requisites in him that folly and green minds look after .	Besides , he ’ s young and handsome , and he ’ s got all the qualities that naïve and silly girls go for .
And me too , good Lord !	Me too , Lord !
God speak this “ amen ” !	God say , “ Amen ” !
Despise me If I do not .	I do hate
Bring in my lord .	bring in my lord .
Now my charms are all o 'erthrown , And what strength I have ’ s mine own , Which is most faint .	Now my spells are all broken , And the only power I have is my own , Which is very weak .
You rascal !	You rascal !
Where did I leave ?	What was I saying ?
Call you me “ fair ” ?	Did you just call me “ beautiful ” ?
Out of my sight !	Get out of my sight !
I have known when there was no music with him but the drum and the fife , and now had he rather hear the tabor and the pipe .	I knew him when he listened to nothing but the military drum and fife ; now he would rather hear the sweet and refined music of the tabor and pipe .
Will you dine with me tomorrow ?	Will you dine with me tomorrow ?
For first was he contract to Lady Lucy — Your mother lives a witness to that vow — And afterward by substitute betrothed To Bona , sister to the king of France .	King Edward was going to marry Lady Lucy — your mother can vouch for that — and then he was betrothed to Bona , the King of France ’ s sister-in-law .
Come in , without there !	Come in , who ever is out there !
Marry , sir , be better employed , and be naught awhile .	I ’ m helping Indeed , sir , find something better to do and get lost for a while .
The sun will not be seen today .	The sun will not appear today .
Marry , I would not do such a thing for a joint-ring , nor for measures of lawn , nor for gowns , petticoats , nor caps , nor any petty exhibition .	I wouldn ’ t do it for a nice ring , or fine linen , or pretty gowns or petticoats or hats .
Tis very good .	All right , have it your way .
My cake is dough , but I ’ ll in among the rest , Out of hope of all but my share of the feast .	All I can hope for now is a share of the feast .
Methinks I have a great desire to a bottle of hay .	I think I have a great desire to a bottle of hay .
I follow him to serve my turn upon him .	I ’ m serving under him to take advantage of him .
Fouler than heart can think thee , thou canst make No excuse current but to hang thyself .	You who are wicked beyond belief , the only “ explanation ” I ’ ll accept from you is for you to hang yourself .
The spring , the summer , The childing autumn , angry winter change Their wonted liveries , and the mazèd world , By their increase , now knows not which is which .	Spring , summer , fertile autumn and angry winter have all changed places , and now the confused world doesn ’ t know which is which .
May you stead me ?	Antonio will guarantee it , hmmm .
Why , as a woodcock to mine own springe , Osric .	Why , as a woodpecker caught in my own trap , Osric .
What o ' that ?	What about it ?
And look you get a prayer book in your hand And stand between two churchmen , good my lord , For on that ground I ’ ll make a holy descant .	And make sure to carry a prayer book in your hand and to stand between two priests , okay ?
Stood the state so ?	Really ?
You have said now .	You ’ ve said what you have to say now .
Their malady convinces The great assay of art , but at his touch — Such sanctity hath heaven given his hand — They presently amend .	Their illness confounds the most advanced techniques of modern medicine , but when he touches them , they heal immediately because of the power granted to him by heaven .
For this slave , If there be any cunning cruelty That can torment him much and hold him long , It shall be his .	As for this slave , Iago , if we can think of any torture that will hurt him a lot but keep him alive a long time , he ’ ll have it .
Soft , by and by .	Softly , by and by .
I am quickly ill , and well , So Antony loves .	Just as Antony loves .
So when he opens his purse to give us our reward , thy conscience flies out .	When he opens his wallet to give us our pay , your conscience will fly out ?
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
When Roscius was an actor in Rome — The actors are come hither , my lord .	When Roscius was an actor in ancient Rome — The actors have arrived , my lord .
God ’ s will and His pleasure , Captain , I beseech you now , come apace to the king .	As it is God ’ s will and pleasure , Captain , I entreat you to come quickly to the king .
In truth , I know it is a sin to be a mocker ; but , he !	In truth , I know it is a sin to be a mocker , but him !
If they will fight with us , bid them come down , Or void the field .	If they seek battle with us , have them come down or else clear the field .
Have all his ventures fail 'd ?	Have all his ventures failed ?
What , To kiss in private ?	What , To kiss in private ?
Look with what courteous action It waves you to a more removed ground .	Look with what courteous action It waves you to a more private ground .
Speak , an if you hear ; Speak , of all loves !	Speak , if you hear me ; Speak , of all loves !
That the soul of our grandam might haply inhabit a bird .	That our grandmother ’ s soul could end up inhabiting a bird .
Stay , you imperfect speakers , tell me more .	Stay and tell me more .
What is the matter ?	What is the matter ?
O , hardness to dissemble !	O , hardness to lie !
Macbeth Is ripe for shaking , and the powers above Put on their instruments .	Macbeth Is ready to fall , and the powers above Show us the way .
Where ’ s the cook ?	Where ’ s the cook ?
The fair Ophelia !	The fair Ophelia !
Twill not he seen in him there .	It will not be seen in him there .
Bids the winds blow the earth into the sea Or swell the curlèd water ' bove the main , That things might change or cease .	He ’ s shouting at the wind to blow the earth into the sea , or make the sea flood the earth — he wants to see the world return to primal chaos .
God be with you !	God be with you !
Thy false uncle — Dost thou attend me ?	Your false uncle — Are you listening to me ?
Go , Hercules !	Go , Hercules !
I see their knavery : this is to make an ass of me ; to fright me , if they could .	This is to make a donkey of me , to frighten me , if they can .
In your bad strokes , Brutus , you give good words .	In your bad strokes , Brutus , you give good words .
Therefore let Benedick , like covered fire , Consume away in sighs , waste inwardly .	Like a fire that gets covered up , Benedick should smother his love and waste away .
What need one ?	Why do you need even one ?
Why , at her father ’ s .	She can stay at her father ’ s house .
I long that we were safe and sound aboard .	I wish we were safely on board our ship already .
Prove true , imagination , oh , prove true , That I , dear brother , be now ta 'en for you !	Oh , please be true , please let it be that this man has mistaken me for you , my dear brother !
I ’ ll attend her here And woo her with some spirit when she comes .	I ’ ll wait for her here and when she comes I ’ ll take a novel approach with her .
Did you send to him , sir ?	Did you invite him , sir ?
I did not think he had been acquainted with her .	I didn ’ t realize he knew her .
What , my lord ?	What , my lord ?
Ay .	Yes .
He received them Of him that brought them .	He ’ s his homeland ’ s jewel .
Oh , why rebuke you him that loves you so ?	Why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much ?
If thou beest slain and with no stroke of mine , My wife and children 's ghosts will haunt me still .	If you are already slain and not by me , My wife and children 's ghosts will still haunt me .
Take to you no hard thoughts .	Don ’ t think I blame you .
Let me go .	Let me go .
Let this pernicious hour Stand aye accursed in the calendar !	Let this evil hour Stand forever cursed in the calendar !
Let me tell you , Cassius , you yourself Are much condemn 'd to have an itching palm , To sell and mart your offices for gold To undeservers .	Let me tell you , Cassius , you yourself Are much condemned for being greedy , To sell and advertise your offices To unworthy people for gold .
If there be any in this assembly , any dear friend of Caesar 's , to him I say that Brutus ' love to Caesar was no less than his .	If there is anyone in this assembly , any dear friend of Caesar 's , to him I say that Brutus ' love to Caesar was no less than his love .
Joy , gentle friends , joy and fresh days of love Accompany your hearts !	Joy and fresh days of love Accompany your hearts !
What , have you forgot me ?	What , have you forgotten me ?
It faded on the crowing of the cock .	It faded on the crowing of the rooster .
I am he .	I am Benedick .
Thou art a fool .	You ’ re a fool .
He has broke my head across and has given Sir Toby a bloody coxcomb too .	He cut my head and gave Sir Toby a bloody head , too .
So I do still , by these pickers and stealers !	And I still do , by these thieves and robbers .
Have I the aspic in my lips ?	Do I have the asp ’ s poison on my lips ?
Oh , that ’ s a brave man .	He ’ s like a cowardly
Take heed , sirrah — the whip .	Watch out , boy — remember I can whip you .
I will possess you of that ship and treasure .	I ’ ll give you the title to that ship and its treasure .
Draw and come .	Take out your sword and come on .
Have you not set Lysander , as in scorn , To follow me and praise my eyes and face ?	Have you not set Lysander , as in scorn , To follow me , and praise my eyes and face ?
Alas , how shall this bloody deed be answer 'd ?	Alas , how shall this bloody deed be explained ?
I am even The natural fool of fortune .	No rescue for me ?
It was a vision fair and fortunate .	It was a good and lucky vision .
Thus die I , thus , thus , thus .	Ay , that left pap , Where the heart beats . — Thus die I , thus , thus , thus .
I to the world am like a drop of water That in the ocean seeks another drop , Who , falling there to find his fellow forth , Unseen , inquisitive , confounds himself .	Out in the world , I ’ m like a drop of water , trying to find a drop that matches in the whole wide ocean .
I can stand well enough , and I speak well enough .	I can stand well enough , and I can speak just fine .
Though he be as good a gentleman as the devil is , as Lucifer and Beelzebub himself , it is necessary , look your Grace , that he keep his vow and his oath .	Even if he were as important a man as the devil — as Lucifer or Beelzebub himself — he ’ s required , see , your Grace , to keep his vow .
It is meat and drink to me to see a clown .	It warms my heart to encounter such a country bumpkin .
What a fearful night is this !	What a fearful night is this !
Speak .	Speak .
We hear our bloody cousins are bestow 'd In England and in Ireland , not confessing Their cruel parricide , filling their hearers With strange invention .	We hear our bloody cousins are living In England and in Ireland , not confessing Their cruel murder of their father , only filling their hearers With strange lies .
You shall have leave .	We ’ ll let you .
Whilst you were here o 'erwhelmèd with your grief — A passion most resulting such a man — Cassio came hither .	While you were dazed by grief — which isn ’ t appropriate for a man like you — Cassio showed up here .
I once did lend my body for his wealth , Which but for him that had your husband ’ s ring Had quite miscarried .	I lent my body once to make him rich .
Why , would not you ?	Why , wouldn ’ t you ?
Let it alone , thou fool .	Leave it alone , you fool .
But why unkindly didst thou leave me so ?	But why did you leave me so unkindly ?
I pray you , sir , my ring or else the chain .	Some Now listen , either give me my ring or give me the necklace .
What , ho !	What , ho !
Wilt thou tell a monstrous lie , being but half a fish and half a monster ?	Will you tell a monstrous lie , being only half fish and half a monster ?
Why the King of France is so suddenly gone back know you the reason ?	Do you know why the King of France suddenly went back home ?
You love me not .	You don ’ t love me .
I would be sorry , sir , but the fool should be as oft with your master as with my mistress : I think I saw your wisdom there .	I think I saw you there , you wise man .
You shall not in your funeral speech blame us , But speak all good you can devise of Caesar , And say you do 't by our permission , Else shall you not have any hand at all About his funeral .	You shall not blame us in your funeral speech , But speak all the good that you can imagine about Caesar ; And say you do it by our permission ; Or else you won ’ t have any part at all In his funeral .
Masters , spread yourselves .	Ok , guys , spread out .
Caesar ’ s better parts Shall be crowned in Brutus !	Caesar ’ s better qualities exist in Brutus , and we will crown him .
But who comes here ?	But who comes here ?
I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment .	I see you ’ re all determined to gang up on me for a few laughs .
The enemy comes on in gallant show .	The enemy approaches with great display .
Down from the waist they are centaurs , though women all above .	Women are sex machines below the waist , though they ’ re chaste up above .
In his tail .	In its tail .
What man dost thou dig it for ?	What man dot you dig it for ?
Cessez !	Stop !
Come , shall I make you two friends ?	Come on , can I get you two to make up ?
O proper stuff !	Oh , that ’ s nonsense !
I ’ ll ask them .	I ’ ll ask them .
Is not this something more than fantasy ?	You agree now that we ’ re not imagining this , don ’ t you ?
The king is mad .	The king is insane .
What a long night is this !	What a long night this is !
I could never better stead thee than now .	I ’ ve never been more useful to you than I will be now .
Good morrow , General .	Good morning , General .
No , make it two more .	No , add a couple more syllables .
Were you made the messenger ?	Did they make you the messenger ?
Thou art to die .	You are to die .
The queen , my lord , is dead .	The queen is dead , my lord .
How now , my lord ?	How are you , my lord !
What , is the man lunatic ?	How dare What , is the man crazy ?
Hark , hark !	Listen , listen !
Iago is most honest .	Iago is very honest .
Within a month , Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tears Had left the flushing in her galled eyes , She married .	Within a month , Before the salt of the most wicked tears Had left the redness in her bitter eyes , She married .
Your honor is most welcome .	You ’ re most welcome .
So well thy words become thee as thy wounds ; They smack of honor both .	Your words , like your wounds , bring you honor .
What a blow was there given !	Ouch , what a comeback !
Regard Titinius , And tell me what thou notest about the field .	Watch Titinius and tell me what you see in the field .
I will not sup tonight .	I ’ m not going to eat dinner tonight .
Prithee , how many boys and wenches must I have ?	Tell me , please : how many boys and girls will I have ?
Caesar , thou canst not die by traitors ' hands Unless thou bring ’ st them with thee .	Caesar , you ’ re not going to be killed by a traitor — unless you kill yourself ..
And so far blameless proves my enterprise , That I have ' nointed an Athenian ’ s eyes .	So far I ’ ve done exactly what I was supposed to do — I put the love potion on an Athenian ’ s eyes .
Thine evermore , most dear lady , whilst this machine is to him , Hamlet .	Yours evermore , most dear lady , while this brain is in him , HAMLET .
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar , And in the spirit of men there is no blood .	We ’ re all against what Caesar stands for , and there ’ s no blood in that .
Why , then All Souls ' Day is my body ’ s doomsday .	Why , then , it ’ s my body ’ s doomsday .
Hark , hark !	at different times ) &ket; Listen , listen !
As low as to thy foot doth Cassius fall To beg enfranchisement for Publius Cimber .	Cassius falls as low as your foot , To beg freedom for Publius Cimber .
Is she as tall as me ?	Is she as tall as I am ?
Did I not meet thy friends ?	Didn ’ t I meet up with your allies ?
A gentle riddance . — Draw the curtains , go . — Let all of his complexion choose me so .	Good riddance ! — Close the curtains and leave . — I hope everyone who looks like him will make the same choice .
It is concluded : Banquo , thy soul 's flight , If it find heaven , must find it out tonight .	Banquo , your soul 's flight , If it finds heaven , must find it tonight .
Which do not be entreated to , but weigh What it is worth embraced .	Don ’ t let us talk you into anything , but consider carefully the value of our offers .
Till then sit still , my soul .	Until then , I have to remain calm .
Pray you , keep seat .	Please stay seated .
What mean you , Caesar ?	What do you mean , Caesar ?
Avaunt , and quit my sight !	And get out of my sight !
But as all is mortal in nature , so is all nature in love mortal in folly .	But everything that lives is mortal , including the foolishness of love .
That is some good .	That will be a good thing .
I know not where he lodges , and for me to devise a lodging , and say he lies here or he lies there , were to lie in mine own throat .	I don ’ t know where he lives ; and for me to make up a lodging , and say he lies here or he lies there is to lie in my own throat .
I know it pleaseth neither of us well .	It doesn ’ t make either of us happy , I know .
Tis known before .	We already knew that .
Shall we their fond pageant see ?	Should we watch this ridiculous scene ?
What is it that you would impart to me ?	What do you want to tell me ?
The more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .	The more ’ s the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .
You shall do marvelous wisely , good Reynaldo , Before you visit him , to make inquire Of his behavior .	It would be wonderfully wise of you , my dear Reynaldo , to ask around about his behavior a little before you visit him .
Listen but speak not to ’ t .	Listen but don ’ t speak to it .
I , by attorney , bless thee from thy mother , Who prays continually for Richmond ’ s good .	Your mother sends her blessings .
I did not think you could have been so angry .	I didn ’ t think you could even be so angry .
Think you to walk forth ?	Are you planning to go out ?
Caesar and Lepidus have made wars upon Pompey .	Caesar and Lepidus declared war against Pompey .
Horrible sight !	What ?
Sextus Pompeius Makes his approaches to the port of Rome .	Sextus Pompeius is sailing toward the port of Rome .
Let me see — what think you of falling in love ?	Let me see — what do you think about falling in love ?
Slanders , sir .	Oh , just lies , sir .
Speak .	Tell us .
Now lies he there , And none so poor to do him reverence .	Now he lies there worth nothing , and no one is so humble as to show him respect .
Whereby hangs a tale , sir ?	What ’ s the problem ?
O Fates , come , come , Cut thread and thrum .	Oh , Fate , come and cut the thread of my life .
How ' strangely ' ?	How strangely ?
I ’ ll be at charges for a looking glass And entertain a score or two of tailors To study fashions to adorn my body .	Time to buy myself a mirror and employ a few dozen tailors to dress me up in the current fashions .
The time is free .	We are free .
If we do meet again , we ’ ll smile indeed .	If we meet again , then we ’ ll smile indeed .
Away , I do beseech you , both away .	Please go away , both of you .
We have not made good preparation .	But we haven ’ t made any preparations .
Give me the cups ; And let the kettle to the trumpet speak , The trumpet to the cannoneer without , The cannons to the heavens , the heaven to earth , ‘ Now the King drinks to Hamlet . ’ Come , begin .	Give me the cups , And let the kettle drum speak to the trumpet , The trumpet to the cannon man outside , The cannons to the heavens , the heavens to earth , ' Now the king drinks to Hamlet . ” Come , begin .
Villainy , villainy , villainy !	Villainy , villainy , villainy !
Tis a monster Begot upon itself , born on itself .	it is a monster Fathered by itself , born of itself .
I do not know what “ poetical ” is .	I don ’ t know what “ poetical ” means .
I ’ ll send my prayers with him .	I ’ ll send my prayers with him .
And do you now strew flowers in his way That comes in triumph over Pompey 's blood ?	And now you throw flowers in the way if the man That comes in triumph over Pompey 's death ?
Give me .	Give it to me .
So may it be indeed .	It may be so .
And this may help to thicken other proofs That do demonstrate thinly .	And it might back up other evidence that may seem too flimsy .
The gain I seek is quiet in the match .	The only profit I seek is a peaceful match .
I am a very villain else .	I am a very villain if I don ’ t .
I am not sorry neither .	I am not sorry either .
O !	O !
Better cheer may you have , but not with better heart .	You may come across better food , but not a warmer welcome .
What is the news ?	What ’ s the news ?
It is not honesty in me to speak What I have seen and known .	It wouldn ’ t be right for me to tell you everything I ’ ve seen and heard .
Things growing are not ripe until their season .	Fruits and vegetables don ’ t ripen until the right season of the year .
The jewels you have had from me to deliver Desdemona would half have corrupted a votaress .	The jewels you took from me to deliver to Desdemona would ’ ve made even a nun want to sleep with me .
in form and moving how express and admirable !	in form and moving , how expressive and admirable !
In such a night , Stood Dido , with a willow in her hand , Upon the wild sea-banks , and waft her love To come again to Carthage .	In such a night Dido stood with a willow in her hand On the wild banks of the sea , and sent her love To return to Carthage .
True .	True .
How have you slept , my lord ?	How did you sleep , my lord ?
I know it by their pale and deadly looks .	I can tell by how pale and deathlike they look .
If we should fail ?	If we should fail ?
If you will let your lady know I am here to speak with her , and bring her along with you , it may awake my bounty further .	If you tell your lady I ’ m here to speak with her , and bring her out with you when you come back , you might make me more generous .
If you outstay the time , upon mine honor And in the greatness of my word , you die .	On my honor and by my word , if you outstay the ten days , you will die .
What , look 'd he frowningly ?	What , did he look like he was frowning ?
Happily met , the happier for thy son .	A fortunate coincidence — more fortunate for your son .
Hath she forgot already that brave prince , Edward , her lord , whom I some three months since Stabbed in my angry mood at Tewkesbury ?	Has she already forgotten her brave husband , Prince Edward , whom I stabbed on the battlefield three months ago in my anger ?
Why , ' tis an office of discovery , love ; And I should be obscur 'd .	Why , light is a function of discovering things , love , And I should be hidden .
Your brother is but young and tender , and , for your love I would be loath to foil him , as I must for my own honor if he come in .	Your brother is young and inexperienced , and because of my affection for you , I ’ d hate to crush him — though I ’ d have to , if he challenged me .
They that stand high have many blasts to shake them , And if they fall , they dash themselves to pieces .	People in high positions are shaken by many blasts of wind , and when they fall , they shatter into pieces .
The sun was not so true unto the day As he to me .	He was more faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime .
What , is Brutus sick , And will he steal out of his wholesome bed To dare the vile contagion of the night And tempt the rheumy and unpurged air To add unto his sickness ?	What , is Brutus sick , And will he steal out of his wholesome bed To challenge the evil diseases of the night , And tempt the thick and unclean air To add to his sickness ?
You are merry , my lord .	You ’ re in a good mood tonight , my lord .
Yes , it is already garrison 'd .	Yes , it already has garrisons .
If thou didst ever thy dear father love — O God !	If you ever loved your poor dear father — Oh God !
Thisbe ?	Thisbe ?
So please you — What says the fellow there ?	I beg your pardon , sir — What did that guy say ?
May one be pardoned and retain th ' offense ?	Can a person be forgiven and still keep the fruits of his crime ?
Pass .	Let ’ s go .
Didst not thou lead him through the glimmering night From Perigouna , whom he ravished ?	Didn ’ t you lead him through the glimmering night From Perigenia , the girl he had just raped ?
If this be not that you look for , I have no more to say , But bid Bianca farewell forever and a day .	If this isn ’ t what you ’ ve been hoping for , I have no more to say except that you ought to say goodbye to Bianca forever .
I say gudday , Captain Fluellen .	Good day to you , Captain Fluellen .
We do not come , as minding to content you , Our true intent is .	We don ’ t come , as we mean to content you , Is our true intent .
His reared arm Crested the world .	When he raised his arm in command , the world trembled .
We are blest that Rome is rid of him .	We ’ re lucky that Rome is rid of him .
I am so much a fool , should I stay longer , It would be my disgrace and your discomfort .	I am so much a fool , that if I stayed longer , It would be my disgrace and your discomfort .
Fierce fiery warriors fought upon the clouds In ranks and squadrons and right form of war , Which drizzled blood upon the Capitol .	Fierce , fiery warriors fought in the clouds in the usual formations of war — ranks and squadrons — until the clouds drizzled blood onto the Capitol .
Taste your legs , sir .	Taste your legs , sir .
Be choked with such another emphasis !	May you choke on any other sentiments like that !
Then open not thy lips .	So be quiet .
What do you see ?	What do you see ?
That will never be .	That will never be .
Have you forgot me ?	Have you forgotten I ’ m your mother ?
Here , kiss the book .	Passing the bottle &ket; Here , kiss the book &bra; gives TRINCULO a drink &ket; .
Say that I wish he never find more cause To change a master .	Say that I hope he never has cause to look for a new master .
I ’ ll come to him .	I ’ ll go to him .
Since thou dost give me pains , Let me remember thee what thou hast promised , Which is not yet performed me .	Since you ’ re giving me new assignments , let me remind you what you promised me but haven ’ t come through with yet .
Or is the adder better than the eel Because his painted skin contents the eye ?	Is the snake better than the eel because the pattern on his back pleases the eye ?
Gave it a judge 's clerk ! — no , God 's my judge !	Gave it a judge 's clerk !
The tyrant has not batter 'd at their peace ?	The tyrant has not taken action against them ?
Your name , sir , truly .	Tell us your name , sir , truthfully .
Nor I neither by this heavenly light ; I might do 't as well i ' the dark .	Nor I neither by this heavenly light ; I might do it as well in the dark .
Edmund , farewell .	Goodbye , Edmund .
I am the very man — I ’ ll see that straight .	I ’ m the one who — I ’ ll get right on that .
But notwithstanding , haste .	But you should hurry anyway .
It is more worthy to leap in ourselves Than tarry till they push us .	It ’ s nobler to leap in ourselves than dawdle until they push us .
Your children were vexation to your youth , But mine shall be a comfort to your age .	Your children caused you trouble in your youth , but mine will bring you comfort in your old age .
Leave me with haste .	Leave me quickly .
Come hither , Leonato .	Come here , Leonato .
You shall see anon how the murderer gets the love of Gonzago ’ s wife .	You ’ ll see shortly how the murderer wins the love of Gonzago ’ s wife .
Brief , I recovered him , bound up his wound , And after some small space , being strong at heart ,	After a brief time — as he is a strong , brave man —
Pray , give me that .	Please give me that .
Eyes without feeling , feeling without sight , Ears without hands or eyes , smelling sans all , Or but a sickly part of one true sense Could not so mope .	Eyes without feeling , feeling without sight , Ears without hands or eyes , smelling without them all , Or a sickly part of one true sense Couldn ’ t act like this without a conscious thought .
You ’ ll ask me why I rather choose to have A weight of carrion flesh than to receive Three thousand ducats .	You ’ re going to ask me why I ’ d rather have a pound of decaying flesh than three thousand ducats .
Within the bond of marriage , tell me , Brutus , Is it excepted I should know no secrets That appertain to you ?	Inside the bond of marriage , tell me , Brutus , Is my knowing secrets that appertain to you An exception to our vows ?
How now , what news ?	Hello , do you have any news ?
Therefore this letter , being so excellently ignorant , will breed no terror in the youth .	So this letter , which is so incredibly stupid and ignorant , isn ’ t going to scare him at all .
And then , sir , does he this — he does — what was I about to say ?	And then , sir , ask if he does this , does he--What was I about to say ?
How died my master , Strato ?	How did my master die , Strato ?
Who is 't that cried ?	Who is it that cried ?
Oh , most lame and impotent conclusion !	Oh , that ’ s pathetic !
Only I yield to die .	But I yield to die .
So shall you have a shorter journey to your desires by the means I shall then have to prefer them , and the impediment most profitably removed , with- out the which there were no expectation of our prosperity .	So you shall have a shorter journey to your desires by the means I would now have to advance them ; and the impediment very profitably removed , without which we couldn ’ t expect to succeed .
I saw them not .	I know him well .
How many , as you guess ?	How many , do you guess ?
One word more , good lady .	One word more , good lady .
I ’ ll tell you in your ear .	I ’ ll tell you privately .
You may Convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty And yet seem cold , the time you may so hoodwink .	You may Convey your pleasures in a spacious plenty , And yet seem cold , the time you may so deceive .
Masters , masters — warrant you .	We
March gently on to meet him .	March to meet him at a dignified pace .
I am not Barbason ; you cannot conjure me .	I am not some fiend of hell : you can ’ t get rid of me with spells .
We 'll burn his body in the holy place And with the brands fire the traitors ' houses .	We 'll burn his body in the holy place , And we ’ ll set the traitors ' houses on fire with the torches .
Thou dost , and think ’ st it much to tread the ooze Of the salt deep , To run upon the sharp wind of the north , To do me business in the veins o ' th ' earth When it is baked with frost .	You have forgotten , and you think it ’ s a burden when I ask you to walk through the ocean , or run on the north wind , or do business for me underground when the earth ’ s frozen solid .
Mark the music .	Pay attention to the music .
We should hold day with the Antipodes , If you would walk in absence of the sun .	We should hold day with the direct opposite , If you would walk in absence of the sun .
I do beseech your lordship , call her back .	Please , my lord , call her back .
Yea , and my father .	Yes , and my father .
Give us kind keepers , heavens !	Heaven help us !
Put money in thy purse .	Here ’ s what you ’ ll do .
Tis a hooded valor , and when it appears , it will bate .	His courage is hidden , and when it is revealed , it will shrink .
This is some token from a newer friend .	This is some gift from a newer girlfriend .
Strike , as thou didst at Caesar , for I know , When thou didst hate him worst , thou lovedst him better Than ever thou lovedst Cassius .	Strike as you did at Caesar , because I know , When you hated him the worst , you loved him better Than ever you loved Cassius .
But Macbeth is .	But Macbeth is .
My visor is Philemon ’ s roof ; within the house is Jove .	My mask is like the roof of the poor
Statilius show 'd the torch-light , but , my lord , He came not back .	Statilius showed the torchlight , but , my lord , He didn ’ t come back .
We shall chide downright if I longer stay .	This will only lead to another argument if I stay longer .
By the eighth hour .	By eight o ’ clock .
Thou know 'st that Banquo and his Fleance lives .	You know that Banquo and his son , Fleance , live .
Peace , peace !	Quiet , quiet !
Great God of heaven , say amen to all !	Great God of heaven , say amen to all this !
Think you I am no stronger than my sex , Being so fathered and so husbanded ?	Do you really think I ’ m no stronger than the rest of my sex , with such a father and such a husband ?
That is done , sir ; they have all stomachs .	That is done , sir ; they have all stomachs .
Good morrow , Catesby .	Good day , Catesby .
It well appears .	It seems to be the truth .
What is your will ?	What is it ?
I know he would not be a wolf But that he sees the Romans are but sheep .	I know he wouldn ’ t be a wolf , But he sees that the Romans are nothing but sheep .
This is not Brutus , friend , but , I assure you , A prize no less in worth .	This isn ’ t Brutus , friend , but , I assure you , A prize no less worthy .
What would you ?	What do you want ?
Let me endure your wrath , if ’ t be not so .	Punish me if it ’ s not true .
Come , sir , away .	Come on , sir , let ’ s go .
Come hither , sirrah .	Come here , servant .
He hath a person and a smooth dispose To be suspected ; framed to make women false .	He has a person , and a smooth disposition , To be suspected , framed to make women lie .
And then give them great meals of beef and iron and steel , they will eat like wolves and fight like devils .	Give them hefty meals of beef and iron and steel , and they will eat like wolves and fight like devils .
Behold , there stand the caskets , noble Prince .	Look , here are the boxes , prince .
So rare a wondered father and a wife Makes this place paradise .	Such a wonderful father-in-law and wife make this place a paradise .
Tis cowardly and womanish .	That ’ s cowardly and womanish .
Welcome home , Grumio .	Welcome home , Grumio .
Well , honor is the subject of my story .	Indeed , honor is what I want to talk to you about .
Were they not forced with those that should be ours , We might have met them dareful , beard to beard , And beat them backward home .	If they were not reinforced by those troops that should be ours , We might have met them boldly , beard to beard , And beat them backward where they came from .
Come hither , Proculeius .	Come here , Proculeius .
I must leave them and seek some better service .	I must leave them and seek some better employment .
That cannot be , since I am still possessed Of those effects for which I did the murder : My crown , mine own ambition , and my queen .	That won ’ t work , since I ’ m still reaping the rewards of that murder : my crown and my queen .
I told you , sir , they were red-hot with drinking ; So fun of valour that they smote the air For breathing in their faces , beat the ground For kissing of their feet ; yet always bending Towards their project .	I told you , sir , they were red-hot with drinking ; So full of smoothness that they beat the air For breathing in their faces ; beat the ground For kissing their feet ; yet always bending Towards their project .
What need the bridge much broader than the flood ?	That ’ s like building a bridge wider than the river it crosses .
Fly , good Fleance , fly , fly , fly !	Fly , good Fleance , fly , fly , fly !
And so it is , truly ; and very notably discharged .	And so it is , truly ; and very notably acted .
Oh , I am spoiled , undone by villains !	I ’ m here , I ’ ve been destroyed by villains !
Say ’ tis not so , a province I will give thee And make thy fortunes proud .	If you say it isn ’ t true , I ’ ll give you a province and make you rich .
Am I not an inch of fortune better than she ?	Isn ’ t my fortune just a little better than hers ?
Rather approach ’ d too late !	Too late is more like it .
Before my God , I might not this believe Without the sensible and true avouch Of mine own eyes .	I swear to God , if I hadn ’ t seen this with my own eyes I ’ d never believe it .
Uncle , I must come forth .	Uncle , I must come out .
And she goes down at twelve .	The moon sets at twelve , right ?
Then must we look from his age to receive not alone the imperfections of long-engrafted condition , but therewithal the unruly waywardness that infirm and choleric years bring with them .	Now that he ’ s old , we can expect to have to deal not only with his old character flaws , which have turned into deep-rooted habits , but also with the uncontrollable crabbiness that comes with old age .
I will expect you .	I ’ ll expect you .
I will read it .	I will read it .
and now my Lady Worm 's , chapless , and knock 'd about the mazard with a sexton 's spade .	and now my Lady Worm 's , no jaw and knocked about the face with a sexton 's spade .
I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offence to Michael Cassio .	I ’ d rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than say anything bad about Michael Cassio .
The king ’ s a bawcock , and a heart of gold , A lad of life , an imp of fame , Of parents good , of fist most valiant .	The king ’ s a dear boy with a heart of gold , he ’ s a lively lad , a wag , born of fine parents , good with his fists .
I warrant thee .	I promise I will .
We have cause to be glad that matters are so well digested .	We can be happy that things have been resolved so agreeably .
Can you do me greater harm than hate ?	can you do me greater harm than hate ?
For she is wise , if I can judge of her .	She ’ s wise , if I ’ m judging her right .
Well , you are gone both ways .	You ’ re in trouble either way .
She has light by her continually ; ’ tis her command .	She has light by her continually ; it is her command .
Come on , Gentle my lord , sleek o 'er your rugged looks ; Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight .	Be bright and jovial among your guests tonight .
I should not urge thy duty past thy might ; I know young bloods look for a time of rest .	I shouldn ’ t make you do your duty past your strength ; I know young bloods look for time of rest .
Good night .	Good night .
Ay , with a twink .	Yes , with a twink .
Would that fault were mine !	I wish I had a fault like that !
It was some fiend .	It was some devil .
Since he went from Egypt ’ tis A space for farther travel .	In the time since he left Egypt , he could have traveled an even longer distance .
God send you joy , Petruchio .	God give you joy , Petruchio .
Bad news , my lord .	Bad news , my lord .
At last , a little shaking of mine arm And thrice his head thus waving up and down , He raised a sigh so piteous and profound As it did seem to shatter all his bulk And end his being .	Finally , after shaking my arm a little , and jerking his head up and down three times , he sighed like it was his last breath .
They flatter me .	They ’ re just flattering me .
I forget , But these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labors , Most busiest when I do it .	These sweet thoughts relieve me and refresh me , especially when I ’ m slaving away busily .
Would the night were come .	I wish the night were here now !
He is a dreamer .	He ’ s insane .
Tis said they eat each other .	They say the horses ate each other .
And wast thou fain , poor father , To hovel thee with swine and rogues forlorn In short and musty straw ?	And were you then happy to find shelter on a bed of hay along with swine and homeless bums ?
I 'll not believe 't .	I 'll not believe it .
I but believe it partly , For I am fresh of spirit and resolved To meet all perils very constantly .	I only partly believe it , for I ’ m enthusiastic and resolved to meet all dangers without wavering .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Will he tell us what this show meant ?	Will he tell us what that pantomime meant ?
I do not , sir .	No , I don ’ t , sir .
Nay , he reserved a blanket , else we had been all shamed .	If he hadn ’ t , we ’ d all be embarrassed to look at him .
Throw physic to the dogs ; I ’ ll none of it .	Medicine is for the dogs .
Here , ' tis , most reverend doctor , here it is .	Here it ’ s , most reverend doctor ; here it is .
He has almost supp 'd .	He has almost finished supper .
Excellent well !	Yes , you ’ re speaking very well .
No , by mine honor , madam .	No , I swear on my honor , I haven ’ t , madam .
The Mousetrap .	The Mousetrap .
Good my liege — Peace , Kent .	But sir — Be quiet , Kent .
My noble partner You greet with present grace and great prediction Of noble having and of royal hope , That he seems rapt withal .	You greet my noble partner With current grace and great predictions Of having nobility and of the hope to be king , that he seems carried away as well .
Or Charles or something weaker masters thee .	Either Charles or some prettier thing has mastered you .
Remember it , my lord !	Remember it , my lord !
I know this act shows horrible and grim .	I know this act looks horrible and grim .
Some tardy cripple bear the countermand , That came too lag to see him burièd .	Some tardy cripple must have taken the counter-order , who came after Clarence was already buried .
All that glisters is not gold , Often have you heard that told : Many a man his life hath sold , But my outside to behold : Gilded tombs do worms enfold .	Everything that glitters is not gold , Often have you heard that told ; Many a man has sold his life Just to look at my outside : Gilded tombs wrap around worms .
We are for you .	Sounds good to us .
Mine ear must pluck it thence .	My ear must pull it out .
O , forgive me my sins !	O , forgive me my sins !
We shall obey , were she ten times our mother .	We shall obey , if she were ten times our mother .
You pay him then .	Yeah , right , go get him .
Did he confess it ?	Did he confess it ?
Let me go in to see the generals .	Let me go in to see the generals .
I pray you , sir , dispatch .	Please , sir , hurry up .
Say , “ the brave Antony . ” The valiant Caesar !	Say , “ That splendid Antony . ” The courageous Caesar !
What villain touched his body , that did stab , And not for justice ?	Who among us stabbed him for any cause but justice ?
to Ferdinand &ket; One word more ; I &bra; to Ferdinand &ket; One word more ; I charge thee That thou attend me .	To FERDINAND &ket; One word more : I order you that you wait on me .
Though I am mad , I will not bite him .	Even though I ’ m mad , I won ’ t bite him .
I have heard it over , And it is nothing , nothing in the world ; Unless you can find sport in their intents , Extremely stretch 'd and conn 'd with cruel pain , To do you service .	I ’ ve heard , And it is nothing , nothing in the world , Unless you can laugh at their intentions , Extremely stretched and done with cruel pain , To do you service .
But do not look for further recompense Than thine own gladness that thou art employed .	But don ’ t expect any more than that .
Canidius , Our nineteen legions thou shalt hold by land , And our twelve thousand horse .	Canidius , take our nineteen
Indeed , this counsellor Is now most still , most secret , and most grave , Who was in life a foolish prating knave .	Indeed , this counselor Is now most still , most secret , and most grave , Who was a foolish gabby rogue in life .
to Alonso &ket; I would with such perfection govern , sir , &bra; to Alonso &ket; I would with such perfection govern , sir , T 'excel the golden age .	I would govern with perfection like yours , sir , To surpass the golden age .
Wherein hath Caesar thus deserved your loves ?	What has Caesar done to deserve your love ?
Dear sir , forbear !	Please stop , sir .
Ay my lord , So you will not o 'errule me to a peace .	Yes , my lord , Just as long as you don ’ t ask me to forget about it .
Good night , good night .	Good-night , good-night .
Make all the money thou canst .	Raise all the money you can .
If you went in pain , master , this knave would go sore .	If she punishes you , master , she ’ s sure to punish me .
You must have patience , madam .	You have to be patient , madam .
fly , masters !	Let ’ s go , guys !
The Duke ’ s in council and your noble self , I am sure , is sent for .	The Duke ’ s in a meeting right now , and he ’ s sent for you too .
Tut , I have the best armor of the world .	I have the best armor in the world .
What ’ s your name ?	What ’ s your name ?
I think so too .	I think so too .
What , is there such a place ?	Is there such a place ?
Even for that our love of old , I prithee , Hold thou my sword hilts , whilst I run on it .	For the sake of our old friendship , I ask you , hold my sword handle while I run on it .
What rhubarb , senna , or what purgative drug Would scour these English hence ?	What rhubarb , senna , or other purgative drugs , Would do keep these English here healthy ?
Why ,	Why ,
He hath known you but three days , and already you are no stranger .	He ’ s only known you for three days , but he ’ s already treating you like a close friend .
Dark night , that from the eye his function takes , The ear more quick of apprehension makes .	It ’ s hard to see clearly in the dark of night , but it ’ s easier to hear well .
And mine , two hundred .	And mine say two hundred .
I prithee , be gone .	Please , hurry .
I am one , sir , that comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are now making the beast with two backs .	I am one , sir , that comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are now making a Satan .
I hope this passionate humor of mine will change .	I ’ m hoping my holy mood will pass .
O gentle lady , do not put me to ’ t , For I am nothing , if not critical .	Don ’ t make me do it , my lady .
So fare you well till we shall meet again .	So goodbye until we meet again .
But he loves Caesar best ; yet he loves Antony .	He loves Caesar best , but he also loves Antony .
What are you then determinèd to do ?	If we lose , what do you plan to do ?
I loved you not .	I didn ’ t love you .
Who could refrain , That had a heart to love , and in that heart Courage to make 's love known ?	Who could refrain , That had a heart to love , and in that heart Courage to make his love known ?
Show .	Show .
Woe to the land that ’ s governed by a child .	It ’ s bad news when a country is ruled by a child .
Madam , with all my heart .	And Madam , with all my heart .
By thee ; and this thou didst return from him : That he did buffet thee and , in his blows , Denied my house for his , me for his wife .	And this is what you told me he said : that he beat you and pretended his house wasn ’ t his and I wasn ’ t his wife .
Illo , ho , ho , my lord !	Hello , ho , ho , my lord !
I know my physic will work with him .	I know my medicine will work on him .
You seem to understand me , By each at once her choppy finger laying Upon her skinny lips .	You seem to understand me , Since you each are laying a scrawny finger Upon your skinny lips .
Their battles are at hand .	Their forces are nearby .
a beast that wants discourse of reason Would have mourn 'd longer — married with my uncle , My father 's brother , but no more like my father Than I to Hercules .	a beast that lacks the gift of reason , Would have mourned longer — married my uncle , My father 's brother , but no more like my father Than I am like Hercules .
But now I was the lord Of this fair mansion , master of my servants , Queen o 'er myself .	Just a minute ago I was the owner of this beautiful mansion , master of these servants , and queen over myself .
Grandam , this would have been a biting jest .	Grandmother , this would have been a biting joke .
Ay , boy .	Yes , boy .
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt there .	To cut the default from that bankrupt there .
I will not be afraid of death and bane Till Birnam Forest come to Dunsinane .	I will not be afraid of death and ruin , Until Birnam forest come to Dunsinane .
All this ” ?	All this ” ?
Adieu , brave Moor , use Desdemona well .	Goodbye , brave Moor ; be kind to Desdemona .
Remember ; And call thy husband hither .	And I ’ ll call your husband here .
I wish your horses swift and sure of foot , And so I do commend you to their backs .	I wish your horses are swift and sure of foot , And so go on for your ride .
Or I , I promise thee .	Me too , I swear .
Therefore with frank and with uncurbèd plainness Tell us the Dauphin ’ s mind .	Therefore tell me the Dauphin ’ s mind frankly and without constraint .
You heard her say herself , it was not I.	You heard her say it herself it wasn ’ t I.
But why should honor outlive honesty ?	But why should honor outlive honesty ?
Hail !	Hail !
Content , in faith ; I 'll seal to such a bond , And say there is much kindness in the Jew .	Happily , in faith ; I 'll put my seal to such a promise to pay , And say there is much kindness in the Jew .
Therefore , my sweet Rose , my dear Rose , be merry .	So please , my sweet Rose , my dear Rose , be happy .
Be subject To no sight but thine and mine , invisible To every eyeball else .	Be invisible to everyone except yourself and me .
Is he well ?	Is he all right ?
Are you wise ?	Are you in your right mind ?
Ay , truly , for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness .	Sure , since beauty ’ s power can more easily change a good girl into a whore than the power of goodness can change a beautiful girl into a virgin .
No , thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs .	No , your words are too precious to be wasted on dogs .
A contract of true love to celebrate ; And some donation freely to estate On the blest lovers .	To celebrate a contract of true love , And to bestow some free gifts On the blessed lovers .
He cannot prevail with me .	He won ’ t get the better of me .
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo , By the bad voice .	He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo , By my bad voice .
For when mine hours Were nice and lucky , men did ransom lives Of me for jests ; but now I ’ ll set my teeth And send to darkness all that stop me .	But now I ’ ll grit my teeth and kill anyone who tries to stop me .
But life itself , my wife , and all the world Are not with me esteemed above thy life .	But life itself , my wife , and the whole world aren ’ t more valuable to me than your life is .
Look how he makes to Caesar .	Look , he ’ s approaching Caesar .
Tis bargained ’ twixt us twain , being alone , That she shall still be curst in company .	When we were alone , we agreed that in public she would go on being unpleasant .
Ay , widow Dido .	That ’ s right , except for the widow Dido .
Down , and swear .	Get down and swear it .
Thou turn 'st mine eyes into my very soul , And there I see such black and grained spots As will not leave their tinct .	You turn my eyes into my very soul , And there I see such black and grainy spots As will not leave their color .
Alas , too soon We came aboard .	Too quickly , we boarded a ship .
O slave !	O slave !
My banquet is to close our stomachs up , After our great good cheer .	This last course here is for closing up the stomach after great feasting .
Money by me !	You gave money to me ?
I fear it is too choleric a meat .	I ’ m afraid it will I ’ d love it .
Thrice-blessed they that master so their blood To undergo such maiden pilgrimage ; But earthlier happy is the rose distill 'd Than that which , withering on the virgin thorn Grows , lives , and dies , in single blessedness .	Those who can discipline themselves to undertake Such a heavenly path for piety are blessed three times ; But those who are in a convent to avoid marriage Grow , live , and die , in single blessedness .
What two crowns shall they be ?	Which two crowns would those be ?
Good night , mother .	Good night , mother .
Farewell , father .	Farewell , old man .
To make society The sweeter welcome , we will keep ourself Till suppertime alone .	In order to make your company even more enjoyable , I ’ m going to keep to myself until suppertime .
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please .	There are things in this comedy of “ Pyramus and Thisbe ” that will never please an audience .
To see no pastime I.	No , this fun is not for me .
Fare thee well .	Farewell .
Now , good angels Preserve the King .	Now , good angels Preserve the King !
I hear a knocking At the south entry .	I hear someone knocking at the south entry .
Some dear cause Will in concealment wrap me up awhile .	I have important business that requires me to remain in disguise a while longer .
Good dawning to thee , friend .	Good morning to you , friend .
I prithee speak to me as to thy thinkings , As thou dost ruminate , and give thy worst of thoughts The worst of words .	Please tell me what you ’ re thinking — even your worst suspicions .
Because that I familiarly sometimes Do use you for my fool and chat with you , Your sauciness will jest upon my love And make a common of my serious hours .	Just because I act familiar with you sometimes and let you fool around and joke with me , you try to take advantage of my affection .
How came you , Cassio , by that handkerchief That was my wife 's ?	Cassio , how did you come by that handkerchief That was my wife 's ?
How say you , lady ?	Deal ?
That methinks is strange .	I think that ’ s strange .
God save your Majesty .	God save your Majesty .
The Lady Beatrice hath a quarrel to you .	Lady Beatrice is angry with you .
O , you are well tuned now !	O , you are well tuned now !
Let ’ s make us med 'cines of our great revenge , To cure this deadly grief .	Take comfort .
That done , I will be walking on the works , Repair there to me .	Now that ’ s done , I ’ m going to walk on the fortification walls .
Macbeth .	Macbeth .
He loves me well , and I have given him reasons ; Send him but hither , and I 'll fashion him .	He likes me very well , and I have given him cause to ; Just send him here , and I 'll train him .
Caesar did write for him to come to Rome .	Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome .
The charm 's wound up .	The charm ’ s going to bring things to a head .
I 'll be your foil , Laertes .	I ’ ll be your mirror , Laertes .
I can no more .	I can ’ t speak any more .
Come hither , fellow .	Come here , you .
Who , he ?	Who , he ?
Is my lord angry ?	Is Othello angry ?
Nay , we will slink away in supper time , Disguise us at my lodging , and return , All in an hour .	No , we ’ ll sneak away at supper time , disguise ourselves with masks at my house , and come back in an hour .
I do .	I do .
And Caesar shall go forth .	I will go out .
But beshrew my jealousy !	Damn my suspicious thoughts !
We love him highly , And shall continue our graces towards him .	We love him highly , And shall continue our graces towards him .
Why then , my cousin , Margaret , and Ursula Are much deceived , for they did swear you did .	Well then , Margaret , Ursula , and my cousin have been very much deceived , for they swore you did .
Why , then , ’ tis none to you , for there is nothing either good or bad , but thinking makes it so .	Well , then it isn ’ t one to you , since nothing is really good or bad in itself — it ’ s all what a person thinks about it .
We , at the height , are ready to decline .	We , now at our largest , can only decrease .
No indeed , my lord .	No indeed , my lord .
We must starve our sight From lovers ' food till morrow deep midnight .	We need to stay away from each other until midnight tomorrow .
Think you so ?	Do you think so ?
Let it suffice thee that I trust thee not .	I don ’ t trust you .
That you shall surely find him , Lead to the Sagittary the raisèd search , And there will I be with him .	He and I will be there .
Tell me , good Brutus , can you see your face ?	Tell me , good Brutus , can you see your face ?
What a thrice-double ass Was I , to take this drunkard for a god And worship this dull fool !	What an idiot I was to think this drunkard was a god and to worship such a stupid fool !
Look , here comes a lover of mine and a lover of hers .	Look , here comes someone who loves me , along with someone who loves her .
To the tuition of God .	Into God ’ s hands .
Are you fair ?	Are you truthful ?
Fie , for shame !	Nonsense !
You hear the suit .	You hear the charges .
I shall be there before thee .	I ’ ll meet you at the ferry .
Exclaim no more against it .	Say no more against it .
Now sir , this granted — as it is a most pregnant and unforced position — who stands so eminently in the degree of this fortune as Cassio does ?	Now sir , this done , as it is a very compelling and natural position , who is outstanding and first in the degree of this luck as Cassio is ?
Speak to her , Hamlet .	Good night to you .
What is your tidings ?	What news do you bring ?
Your Majesty , and we that have free souls , it touches us not .	your majesty , and we that have free souls can ’ t be touched by it .
Why no , boy .	Why , no , boy .
Therefore I pray you lead me to the caskets To try my fortune .	Show me the caskets and let me try my luck .
Not here in presence .	He ’ s not here .
I desire you of more acquaintance , good Master Mustardseed .	I look forward to getting to know you better , Mr. Mustardseed .
That skull had a tongue in it and could sing once .	Could that be a lawyer ’ s skull ?
I 'll rather kill myself .	I 'd rather kill myself .
Angels are bright still , though the brightest fell .	Angels are bright still , though the brightest fell .
Sir , I have not you by the hand .	I ’ m not holding your hand , sir .
Dined at home ” ?	Ate at home ?
If thou didst it , Thou art the nonpareil .	If you did it , You are without equal .
Methinks you ’ re better spoken .	I think you ’ re more articulate .
I thank you most for him .	I thank you very much on his behalf .
Divinity of hell !	Divinity of hell !
No , no , they would not .	No , no , they wouldn ’ t .
Hark thee , Clitus .	Listen , Clitus .
Not that we love words better , as you do .	Not that we love words more than fighting , like you do .
Worthy gentleman !	Worthy gentleman !
Cassius , be constant .	Cassius , stop worrying .
Prithee , keep up thy quillets .	I beg you , keep up your jokes .
My lord , I have .	My lord , I do .
Stay you , good gentlemen .	Stay you , good gentlemen .
He is in heaven , where thou shalt never come .	He is in heaven , where you will never go .
If it might please you to enforce no further The griefs between ye , to forget them quite Were to remember that the present need Speaks to atone you .	If it ’ s okay with you , you should not press your grievances any further , but realize that the current situation should be enough to reconcile you .
Say , have I thy consent that they shall die ?	Tell me , do I have your consent to kill them ?
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
If he do bleed , I 'll gild the faces of the grooms withal , For it must seem their guilt .	If he bleeds , I 'll smear the faces of the grooms with it , Because it must seem that they are guilty .
Thou art a lady .	You ’ re a well-dressed lady .
Well , I cannot tell .	Well , it ’ s not for me to say .
And in good time here comes the sweating lord .	And , just in time , here comes the sweaty lord .
Go to .	You ’ ll see .
Being unprepared , Our will became the servant to defect , Which else should free have wrought .	Being unprepared , Our wishes became the servants to what we lacked , Which has worked out very well .
Why , this it is when men are ruled by women .	Well , this is what happens when men let themselves be ruled by women .
I pray you all , stand up .	I beg you all , stand up .
Edward ’ s unhappy sons do bid thee flourish .	Yes , I am .
What , not a whore ?	What , you ’ re not a whore ?
What work is here , Charmian ?	What kind of work is this , Charmian ?
And how cam ’ st thou hither ?	And how did you get in here ?
Your man and you are marvelous merry , sir .	You and your servant are very funny , sir .
O shame !	O shame !
I tell thee , churlish priest , A ministering angel shall my sister be When thou liest howling .	I ’ m telling you , you jerk priest , my sister will be an angel in heaven while you ’ re howling in hell .
in Genoa ?	in Genoa ?
Tis a strange truth .	It is a strange truth .
Am I myself ?	Am I myself ?
For I am sure , Though you can guess what temperance should be , You know not what it is .	For I ’ m sure that although you may know what temperance is , you ’ ve never experienced it firsthand .
Tis as arrant a piece of knavery , mark you now , as can be offert , in your conscience now , is it not ?	It ’ s as complete a work of villainy as any that could be thought up .
Pluck down benches .	Grab down benches .
Lead , monster ; we ’ ll follow .	Lead us , monster ; we ’ ll follow .
Scorn and defiance , slight regard , contempt , And anything that may not misbecome The mighty sender , doth he prize you at .	Scorn and defiance , indifference , contempt , and any insult that wouldn ’ t disgrace the mighty sender — that ’ s the value he puts on you .
Why , doth not every earthly thing Cry shame upon her ?	Isn ’ t every living thing condemning her ?
But ships are but boards , sailors but men : there be land-rats and water-rats , land-thieves and water-thieves ; I mean , pirates ; and then , there is the peril of waters , winds , and rocks .	But ships are only boards of wood , sailors only men ; there are land-rats and water rats , land-thieves and water-thieves , — I mean pirates , — and then there is the peril of waters , winds , and rocks .
Let us bear him To th ’ court of guard .	Let ’ s carry him to the barracks .
You know the rendezvous .	You know the meeting place .
Belovèd Regan , Thy sister ’ s naught .	My dear Regan , your sister ’ s not worth anything .
What is the news ?	What ’ s going on ?
Ay , marry , is ’ t .	Ah , I ’ ve got it !
Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies .	He is fortifying his castle at Dunsinane with heavy defenses .
O , what cause have I , Thine being but a moiety of my moan , To overgo thy woes and drown thy cries !	Since your woes are only a portion of mine , I have every reason to surpass your lamentations and drown out your cries with my own .
So you shall .	Do you recognize the handwriting ?
Then , good my lord , teach your cousin to consent winking .	Then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes , my lord .
No , Caesar , we will answer on their charge .	No , Octavius Caesar , we ’ ll respond to their charge .
His dishonesty appears in leaving his friend here in necessity and denying him .	He abandoned his friend here in an emergency , and even pretended he didn ’ t know him .
Misery acquaints a man with strange bedfellows .	In emergencies you meet the strangest folks .
For not alone The death of Fulvia , with more urgent touches , Do strongly speak to us , but the letters too Of many our contriving friends in Rome Petition us at home .	Fulvia ’ s death and the pressing concerns related to it are not the only reasons I am eager to go ; friends in Rome have also sent many letters advising my return .
O my poor Rosalind , whither wilt thou go ?	Oh , my poor Rosalind , where will you go ?
I tell thee , churlish priest , A ministering angel shall my sister be When thou liest howling .	I tell you , churlish priest , My sister shall be a ministering angel When you lie howling .
Good .	Good .
Twas you we laughed at .	It ’ s you we were laughing at .
You may , sir .	You may , sir .
Tis certain , every man that dies ill , the ill upon his own head .	It ’ s clear , every man must take responsibility for the manner of his own death .
Lead me from hence .	Help me out of here .
Speak ’ st thou in sober meanings ?	Are you serious ?
I have it here about me .	I have it on me here .
If any , speak — for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , for it is he whom I ’ ve offended .
Touching this vision here , It is an honest ghost , that let me tell you .	As for this ghost we just saw , he ’ s a real one , I can tell you that much .
Welcome , wanderer .	Welcome , wanderer .
But , good lieutenant , is your general wived ?	But , good lieutenant , is your general married ?
O , sixpence , that I had o ' Wednesday last To pay the saddler for my mistress ' crupper ?	Oh , the sixpence you gave me last Wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress ?
Oh , he is gone indeed .	Oh , he ’ s really gone .
Not in my husband ’ s nose .	Not in my husband ’ s nose .
Give me that boy , and I will go with thee .	Give me that boy and I will go with you .
Wherefore , sweetheart ?	Why , sweetheart ?
Happily he ’ s the second time come to them , for they say an old man is twice a child .	Yes , the second time around , since , as they say , old people become children again .
It waves me still .	It ’ s still waving to me .
Sir , for your hurts , myself will be your surgeon .	Sir , for your hurts , I myself will be your surgeon .
O , from this time forth , My thoughts be bloody , or be nothing worth !	O , from this time forth , My thoughts be bloody , or be worth nothing !
If not , why then this parting was well made .	If not , then this parting was well done .
My sweet mistress Weeps when she sees me work , and says such baseness Had never like executor .	My sweet darling cries when she sees me work and tells me that such a wonderful man never performed such lowly tasks before .
My life is run his compass .	My life has run its circle .
What !	What !
But where is Kate ?	But where is Kate ?
Here comes his body , mourned by Mark Antony , who , though he had no hand in his death , shall receive the benefit of his dying — a place in the commonwealth — as which of you shall not ?	Here comes his body , mourned by Mark Antony , who , though he had no part in the killing , will benefit from his death — receiving a share in the commonwealth , as you all will .
Let that appear hereafter , and aim better at me by that I now will manifest .	I hope that , after I tell you my news , you will think better of me .
I ’ ll have my bond , and therefore speak no more .	I want my bond , so stop talking .
Well , I say no .	Well , I disagree .
Then she bears some breadth ?	Nell .
By heaven , it is as proper to our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions As it is common for the younger sort To lack discretion .	It seems it is as proper for our age To cast beyond ourselves in our opinions As it is common for the younger sort To lack discretion .
Give her the right you should have given her cousin , And so dies my revenge .	Marry her as you should have married her cousin , and I will let my revenge die .
I am poison 'd .	I am poisoned .
How ?	How ?
If she be a traitor , Why so am I.	If she ’ s a traitor , why then , so am I.
He hath lost his fellows And strays about to find ' em .	He ’ s lost his comrades and is wandering around looking for them .
The less they deserve , the more merit is in your bounty .	The less they deserve , the more your generosity is worth .
What profane wretch art thou ?	Who the hell are you ?
To the health of our general !	Let ’ s drink to our general !
And this same progeny of evils comes From our debate , from our dissension .	And this is all because of our argument .
Yes , it is apparel .	Yes , it ’ s just clothing .
What is he for a fool that betroths himself to unquietness ?	Who is this fool who wants all the fuss of marriage ?
The transgression is in the stealer .	The criminal is the one who stole the nest .
You minion , you , are these your customers ?	Listen , hussy — is this man one of your customers ?
We are resolved , my lord .	We are resolved , my lord .
Out of my sight !	Get out of my sight !
Cleopatra Hath nodded him to her .	Cleopatra summoned him .
Is not this true ?	Isn ’ t that true ?
There it goes , Silver !	There they go , Silver !
Fie , there is no such man ; it is impossible .	Damn , there is no such man ; it is impossible .
Is he arrayed ?	Is he in his royal garments ?
But upon the fairest boughs , Or at every sentence end , Will I “ Rosalinda ” write , Teaching all that read to know The quintessence of every sprite Heaven would in little show .	But on the prettiest branches Or at the end of every sentence I ’ ll write “ Rosalinda , ” Teaching everyone who can read that the essence of every spirit Is contained in this one woman .
If I do not put on a sober habit , Talk with respect and swear but now and then , Wear prayer books in my pocket , look demurely — Nay more .	I ’ ll carry prayer books in my pocket and look sweet — even more .
I might call him A thing divine , for nothing natural I ever saw so noble .	I could imagine he ’ s divine , since I never saw anything so noble-looking on earth before .
I speak to thee plain soldier .	I speak to you as a plain soldier .
Why , that was he .	Yes , that ’ s my husband ’ s name .
Go call him hither .	Ask him in here .
He needs as many , sir , as Caesar has , Or needs not us .	Sir , he should have as many as Caesar has .
It shall be done .	It shall be done .
Hark you , Guildenstern , and you too — at each ear a hearer .	Listen , Guildenstern , and you too , Rosencrantz — listen as close as you can !
The greater cantle of the world is lost With very ignorance .	We have lost a major portion of the world through utter foolishness .
Better it were they all came by his father , Or by the father there were none at all , For emulation who shall now be nearest Will touch us all too near if God prevent not .	It would be better if they were all on his father ’ s side , or that there were none at all on his father ’ s side .
For aught that I could ever read , Could ever hear by tale or history , The course of true love never did run smooth .	Listen , in books they say that true love always faces obstacles .
Who is it that can tell me who I am ?	Who can tell me who I am ?
Why , what an ass am I !	What an ass I am .
My mother stays .	My mother is waiting .
We shall , my lord .	We will , my lord .
My husband !	My husband !
Cousin Hamlet , You know the wager ?	Cousin Hamlet , You know the wager ?
I am to blame to be thus waited for .	I ’ m to blame for making you wait for me .
Ay , he was porn at Monmouth , Captain Gower .	Yes , he was born at Monmouth , Captain Gower .
So I charmed their ears That , calflike , they my lowing followed through Toothed briers , sharp furzes , pricking gorse , and thorns , Which entered their frail shins .	I enchanted them so thoroughly that they followed me through thorn bushes and prickly shrubs that tore up their shins .
My husband !	My husband !
Let us , Lepidus , not lack your company .	Come with us , Lepidus .
You are very sensible , and yet you miss my sense : I mean , Hortensio is afeard of you .	That ’ s very sensible , but you missed my sense : I meant Hortensio is afraid of you .
Noble Antony , not sickness should detain me .	Noble Antony , even illness couldn ’ t keep me away .
Is the king stirring , worthy thane ?	Is the king awake , worthy thane ?
Is not parchment made of sheepskins ?	Isn ’ t parchment made of sheep-skins ?
When time shall serve , let but the herald cry , And I ’ ll appear again .	When the time comes , tell the herald to blow the trumpet and I ’ ll return .
I pray thee , overname them .	But tell me .
I will .	I will .
It is now high suppertime , and the night grows to waste .	It ’ s nearly dinner time , and the night ’ s going to be wasted .
The sister to my wife , this gentlewoman , Thy son by this hath married .	The sister of my wife , this lady here , is married to your son .
Four legs and two voices — a most delicate monster !	Four legs and two voices ; a most delicate monster !
No .	No .
And even now , but now , This house , these servants , and this same myself Are yours , my lord ’ s .	But as of right this second all these things are yours .
No ?	No ?
Welcome , Iago ; we must to the watch .	Welcome , Iago ; we must go to the guard .
So said , so done , is well .	That ’ s good , if he ’ ll really do it .
You are gentlemen of brave mettle ; you would lift the moon out of her sphere , if she would continue in it five weeks without changing .	You are gentlemen of brave spirit : you would lift the moon out of her orbit if she would continue in it for five weeks without changing .
This is her very guise , and , upon my life , fast asleep .	This is her very disguise , and , upon my life , fast asleep .
I did say so When first I raised the tempest .	I said so When first I raised the storm .
Ay , in the temple , in the town , the field , You do me mischief .	Ay , in the temple , in the town , the field , You do something to me .
I will not .	I will not .
So he does indeed .	So he does indeed .
Will you enforce me to a world of cares ?	Would you tie me to a whole world of worries ?
How fares my lord ?	How are you , my lord ?
Eyes , do you see ?	Eyes , do you see ?
Decius Brutus loves thee not .	Decius Brutus doesn ’ t love you .
You need not tell us what Lord Hamlet said .	You don ’ t have to tell us what Lord Hamlet said .
He sees thee not .	He couldn ’ t see you .
My countrymen — Peace !	My countrymen , — Peace !
Tush , never tell me !	Rubbish !
Your answer to that ?	Your answer ?
Where is that viper ?	Where is that snake ?
sings &ket; &bra; sings &ket; Come unto these yellow sands , And than take hands ; Curtsied when you have and the kissed — The wild waves whist — Foot it featly here and there , And , sweet sprites , bear The burden .	Come to these yellow sands , And then take my hands : Bow courteously when you have and kiss me , — The wild waves are silent , — Dance gracefully here and there ; And , sweet spirits , listen to the chorus .
Marry , patience , Or I shall say you are all in all in spleen , And nothing of a man .	But stay calm , and don ’ t get carried away by rage , or I ’ ll think you ’ re not a man .
No king of England if not king of France .	I ’ ll be no king of England if I ’ m not also king of France .
Yes , he is dead .	Yes , he is dead .
Is that my prize ?	Is that my prize ?
Ay , that he was .	Yes , that he was .
Thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care .	Sir , don ’ t even try to beat me in a battle of wits .
My hearty friends , You take me in too dolorous a sense , For I spake to you for your comfort , did desire you To burn this night with torches .	You interpret my words in a melancholy sense , my hearty friends .
Why , but there ’ s many a man hath more hair than wit .	But a lot of men have more hair than intelligence .
What company is this ?	Who are all these people ?
Tell me that .	Tell me that .
Room for Antony , most noble Antony !	Make room for Antony , most noble Antony !
I tell thee , Litio , this is wonderful !	Let me come clean .
It is the most impenetrable cur That ever kept with men .	He ’ s the most stubborn dog that ever lived among humans .
Go show your slaves how choleric you are And make your bondmen tremble .	Show your slaves how mad you are , and make your servants tremble .
Faith , there has been much to do on both sides ; and the nation holds it no sin to tarre them to controver- sy .	Well , there has been a lot of comment on both sides , and the nation holds it no sin to provoke them to controversy .
Not so sick , my lord , As she is troubled with thick-coming fancies That keep her from her rest .	She is not sick , my lord , but she is troubled with endless visions that keep her from sleeping .
As it determines , so Dissolve my life !	As it dissolves , so shall my life .
Have you heard of no likely wars toward ’ twixt the two Dukes of Cornwall and Albany ?	You haven ’ t heard of the war brewing between the Dukes of Cornwall and Albany ?
All is but toys .	Everything is a sick joke .
Thus I let you go And give you to the gods .	And thus I let you go and give you to the gods .
Virtue itself ' scapes not calumnious strokes .	Virtue itself doesn ’ t aim at lying deeds .
Because I would not see thy cruèl nails Pluck out his poor old eyes , nor thy fierce sister In his anointed flesh stick boarish fangs .	Because I didn ’ t want to watch while you gouged out his poor old eyes with your cruel fingernails , or while your vicious sister sank her fangs into his sacred flesh .
King Lear hath lost , he and his daughter ta 'en .	He and his daughter are captured .
If he do , sure he cannot weep ’ t back again .	If that ’ s true , he won ’ t get it back by crying .
This not to do , So grace and mercy at your most need help you , Swear .	Swear you won ’ t .
Yes , certainly , and out of doubt and out of question , too , and ambiguities .	Yes , absolutely , no question or ambiguity about it .
O , now let Richmond and Elizabeth , The true succeeders of each royal house , By God ’ s fair ordinance conjoin together , And let their heirs , God , if thy will be so .	Now let Richmond and Elizabeth , the true heirs of each royal house , be joined together !
Foolish wench , To th ' most of men this is a Caliban And they to him are angels .	Foolish girl , in the eyes of most people this man ’ s a Caliban , and compared to him , they ’ re angels .
The king hath strictly charged the contrary .	The king has strictly forbidden it .
Banquo and Donalbain !	Banquo and Donalbain , Malcolm !
Truly , Sir , all that I live by is with the awl ; I meddle with no tradesman 's matters , nor women 's matters , but with awl .	Truly , Sir , all that I live by is with the sharp little tool ; I don ’ t stick my nose into any tradesman 's matters , or women 's matters , but with awl .
Give you good morrow .	Have a good morning .
Why , thou silly gentleman !	Why , you silly man !
wherefore sink you down ?	Why have you collapsed ?
Remember March , the ides of March remember .	Remember March , March 15th .
Pass !	Let ’ s move .
I go to take my stand To see him pass on to the Capitol .	I ’ m going to stand so I can see him pass on the way to the Capitol .
Nay , we will all of us be there to fetch him .	No , we ’ ll all go there to bring him .
Those friends thou hast , and their adoption tried , Grapple them to thy soul with hoops of steel ; But do not dull thy palm with entertainment Of each new-hatch 'd , unfledged comrade .	Those friends you have , and their friendship tested , Anchor them to your soul with hoops of steel , But don ’ t spend your money on entertaining Each newly acquired , unproven friend .
Was ever woman in this humor won ?	And has anyone ever won her , as I ’ ve done ?
Art thou my son ?	Are you my son ?
Fly , fly , my lord .	Run , run , my lord .
He hath made me a Christian .	He ’ s made me a Christian .
How came he dead ?	Why is he dead ?
Conception is a blessing , but , as your daughter may conceive — Friend , look to ’ t .	Procreation is a good thing , but if your daughter gets pregnant … look out , friend .
How dost thou and thy master agree ?	How are you and your master getting along ?
Where is your husband ?	Where is your husband ?
Conceit upon her father .	Thinking on her father .
Yes .	Yes .
Twill be naught , But let it be .	But never mind .
Well , more anon .	Well , more in a minute .
If his fitness speaks , mine is ready , now or whensoever , provided I be so able as now .	Otherwise , I ’ ll do it anytime , as long as I ’ m able .
Time is come round , And where I did begin , there shall I end .	Time has come round , and I ’ ll end where I began .
Then by your side no bed-room me deny , For lying so , Hermia , I do not lie .	Then don ’ t tell me not to sleep by your side , Because in sleeping near you , Hermia , I do not lie .
That now I will have — that ’ s the humor of it .	I ’ m going to take it from you now .
In such a night , Did Jessica steal from the wealthy Jew , And with an unthrift love did run from Venice , As far as Belmont .	In such a night Jessica stole away from the wealthy Jew , And ran from Venice with a poor love As far as Belmont .
And what ’ s he then that says I play the villain ?	Who can say I ’ m evil when my advice is so good ?
Sir , Octavius is already come to Rome .	Sir , Octavius has already come to Rome .
Vouchsafe , defused infection of a man , Of these known evils but to give me leave By circumstance to curse thy cursèd self .	Contagious infection of humanity , give me a chance to condemn you for the evils I know you ’ ve committed .
your songs ?	Your songs ?
Caesar is turned to hear .	Caesar is listening .
What means that bloody knife ?	What is that bloody knife ?
Swart like my shoe , but her face nothing like so clean kept .	It ’ s dark , like my shoe .
Thou ’ dst never fear the net nor lime , The pitfall nor the gin .	You wouldn ’ t know enough to be afraid of traps .
Will either of you bear me a challenge to him ?	Will either of you give him the message that I ’ m challenging him to a duel ?
I am so .	I am .
Will the King hear this piece of work ?	Will the king hear this piece of work ?
No , I will go seek Some ditch wherein to die .	No , I ’ ll go find some ditch to die in .
I would it might be hangers till then .	I would it might be hangers till then .
He never did harm that I heard of .	He never did harm that I heard of .
Ay , if your self ’ s remembrance wrong yourself .	Yes , if your memories do you no good .
Ay , on mine honour .	Yes , on my honor .
Adieu , Lest our old robes sit easier than our new !	Good-bye !
Fool , fool , fool , I say !	Fool , fool , hey , fool !
It is not very strange ; for my uncle is King of Denmark , and those that would make mows at him while my father lived give twenty , forty , fifty , a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little .	It is not very strange , for my uncle is king of Denmark , and those that would make faces at him while my father lived , paid twenty , forty , fifty , a hundred ducats each for a little picture of him .
tis well .	It is well .
So . — Thus then , thou most renowned : Caesar entreats Not to consider in what case thou stand ’ st , Further than he is Caesar .	Just remember that he is Caesar .
Your wives , your daughters , Your matrons , and your maids could not fill up The cistern of my lust , and my desire All continent impediments would o 'erbear That did oppose my will .	Your wives , your daughters , Your matrons , and your maids , could not fill up The cistern of my lust , and my desire would overcome All international factions That did oppose my will .
Are not these woods More free from peril than the envious court ?	Aren ’ t these woods less perilous than the court , with all its jealousies and intrigues ?
Come then and take the last warmth of my lips .	Come then , kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my lips .
They steal hearts .	They steal hearts .
I care not .	Well , that doesn ’ t worry me .
What , would you make me mad ?	What , are you trying to make me crazy ?
Read on this book , That show of such an exercise may colour Your loneliness .	Read this book , Showing that such an exercise may colours Your loneliness .
Good , good , the justice of it pleases !	Good , good , I like that — it ’ s only fair !
Do you know me , my lord ?	Do you know who I am ?
He hath done good service , lady , in these wars .	Signior Benedick served well in the war , my lady .
Who is it in the press that calls on me ?	Who ’ s calling for me ?
Why does the drum come hither ?	Why does the drum come here ?
Oh , farewell !	Oh , goodbye !
Let us go in , And charge us there upon interr 'gatories , And we will answer all things faithfully .	Let ’ s go inside and we ’ ll answer all your questions truthfully .
go to !	OK !
He came to me , and I delivered it .	He did , and I gave it to him .
Forbear , and eat no more .	And when some lowlife protests that Stop , and eat no more .
Sir , a word ere you go .	Sir , a word before you go .
Tubal , a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe , Will furnish me .	Tubal , a wealthy Jew I know , will supply me with the cash .
Oh !	Oh !
Wrong I mine enemies ?	Do I wrong my enemies ?
Ay , that ’ s the way .	Yes , that ’ s the way I ’ ll do it .
And say besides that in Aleppo once , Where a malignant and a turbaned Turk Beat a Venetian and traduced the state , I took by the throat the circumcisèd dog , And smote him , thus .	down , and then say also that in Aleppo I once saw a Turk beating a Venetian , so I grabbed the Turk by the throat and hit him like this .
Now counterfeit to swoon , why , now fall down ; Or if thou canst not , Oh , for shame , for shame , Lie not , to say mine eyes are murderers .	Faint , fall down — if you don ’ t , then you ’ re lying about my eyes being murderers .
It is young Orlando , that tripped up the wrestler ’ s heels and your heart both in an instant .	It ’ s Orlando , who triumphed over both the wrestler and you in the same instant .
Sirrah , go see what trumpet ’ tis that sounds .	Go , lad , and find out what the trumpet ’ s sounding for .
Dolor comes to him , indeed .	Pain , yes indeed .
By th ' way we met My wife , her sister , and a rabble more Of vile confederates .	On the way , we came across my wife , her sister , and their gang of vile associates .
Alas the day !	What a day this is !
Ask me not what I know .	Don ’ t ask me what I know .
I am much bound to you .	Thank you so much .
Nature wants stuff To vie strange forms with fancy , yet t ’ imagine An Antony were nature ’ s piece ’ gainst fancy , Condemning shadows quite .	Antony would easily outshine all imaginary beings .
Haply the seas and countries different With variable objects shall expel This something-settled matter in his heart , Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus From fashion of himself .	With any luck , the sea and new countries will push out these thoughts that have somehow taken root in his mind .
Will you grant with me That Ferdinand is drowned ?	Do you agree that Ferdinand must have drowned ?
Go to , say you nothing .	Oh , be quiet .
Send one presently to Sir Toby .	Sir Toby needs help right away .
You look pale , and gaze , And put on fear , and cast yourself in wonder To see the strange impatience of the heavens .	You go pale , you stare , and you act in awe of the strange disturbance in the heavens .
Be clamorous , and leap all civil bounds , Rather than make unprofited return .	Be loud and obnoxious .
Ho !	Ho !
Would you desire lime and hair to speak better ?	Can you imagine cement and stone talking better ?
Thus ornament is but the guiled shore To a most dangerous sea ; the beauteous scarf Veiling an Indian beauty ; in a word , The seeming truth which cunning times put on To entrap the wisest .	Thus decoration is only the deceived shore To a most dangerous sea ; the beautiful scarf Veiling an Indian beauty ; in a word , The seeming truth which skillful times dress in To fool the wisest men .
I stay too long from her .	We ’ re wasting time here .
And doubt not , sir , but she will well excuse Why at this time the doors are made against you .	All this suggests that she has a good reason for doing this to you .
Let that be left Which leaves itself .	Abandon the person that has abandoned himself .
Some are born great , some achieve greatness , and some have greatness thrust upon ' em .	Some are born great , some achieve greatness , and some have greatness thrust upon them .
But I will punish home .	But I ’ ll punish them thoroughly .
Take up the body .	Pick up the body .
If not , shun me , and I will spare your haunts .	If not , leave me alone , and I ’ ll stay away from your turf .
My father ’ s spirit in arms .	My father ’ s ghost — armed !
O , that ’ s the sword to it .	That must mean a sword .
As I did stand my watch upon the hill , I look 'd toward Birnam , and anon , methought , The Wood began to move .	As I was standing my watch upon the hill , I looked toward Birnam , and in a minute , I thought , The wood began to move .
Well , but to my choice : Who chooseth me , shall get as much as he deserves .	Well , to my choice : “ Who chooses me shall get as much as he deserves . ” I will assume I am deserving .
Whither away ?	Where are you all off to ?
A dear happiness to women .	Women are lucky , then .
True is it that we have seen better days And have with holy bell been knolled to church , And sat at good men ’ s feasts and wiped our eyes Of drops that sacred pity hath engendered .	We have in fact seen better days and been summoned to church by the ringing of the holy bell and sat at good men ’ s feasts and cried tears of pity — therefore , sit down and take whatever will satisfy your needs .
Your brother the Bastard is fled from Messina .	Your brother Don John the Bastard has run away from Messina .
Old Cassius still !	Old Cassius , be still !
No , Antony , take the lot .	No , Antony .
I am sorry that your leisure serves you not .	I am sorry that you cannot stay .
Repose you there , while I to this hard house — More harder than the stones whereof ’ tis raised , Which even but now , demanding after you , Denied me to come in — return , and force Their scanted courtesy .	They are harder than the stones the house is made of .
But had he such a chain of thee or no ?	They left me and my servant there , tied together .
I warrant it will .	I guarantee it will .
Wast born i ' th ' forest here ?	Were you born here in the forest ?
But , O grief , Where hast thou led me ?	But , O grief , Where have you taken me ?
Do you hear ?	Do you hear me ?
You may think I love you not .	You may think that I don ’ t love you .
But , my good lord — Wherefore should you do this ?	But , sir — Why should you do this , you want to know ?
Ay , in the catalogue ye go for men , As hounds and greyhounds , mongrels , spaniels , curs , Shoughs , water-rugs , and demi-wolves are clept All by the name of dogs .	Just as hounds and greyhounds , mongrels , spaniels , mutts , shaggy lapdogs , swimming dogs , and wolf-dog crossbreeds are all dogs .
Softly , my masters .	Wait a minute , gentlemen .
Nor hath Love ’ s mind of any judgment taste — Wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste .	And love doesn ’ t have good judgment either — Cupid , has wings and no eyes , so he ’ s bound to be reckless and hasty .
I am tied to th ' stake , and I must stand the course .	I ’ m backed into a corner with nowhere to run .
Thou 'rt kind .	You are kind .
It is a hint That wrings mine eyes to ’ t .	This story breaks my heart .
Oh , these flaws and starts , Impostors to true fear , would well become A woman ’ s story at a winter ’ s fire , Authorized by her grandam .	They ’ re more like how you would act if you were a woman telling a scary story by the fireside in front of her grandmother .
Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor .	Here come Brabantio and the brave Moor .
Best safety lies in fear .	Fear will keep you safe .
Let 's take leave of him .	Let 's tell him goodbye .
Nay , I have done .	No , I ’ ve had my say .
Haste me to know 't , that I , with wings as swift As meditation or the thoughts of love , May sweep to my revenge .	Tell me about it quickly , so that I , with wings as swift As meditation or the thoughts of love , May rush to my revenge .
The dram of evil Doth all the noble substance of a doubt To his own scandal .	A tiny spot of evil casts doubt on their good qualities and ruins their reputations .
But in respect of that , I would fain think it were not .	But as it stands , I wish I could believe it wasn ’ t .
And the rarest that e 'er came there .	And the rarest person that ever came there .
How all occasions do inform against me And spur my dull revenge !	How every event works against me To spur my dull revenge !
Look where she comes .	Oh , here she comes .
No more with me .	No more than twenty-five .
Where is my wife ?	Where is my wife ?
For the table , sir , it shall be served in .	About the table , sir , dinner will be served on it .
Caesar , ' tis strucken eight .	Caesar , it ’ s eight o 'clock .
Macduff , this noble passion , Child of integrity , hath from my soul Wiped the black scruples , reconciled my thoughts To thy good truth and honor .	Macduff , this noble passion , Child of integrity , has wiped the Black scruples from my soul , and reconciled my thoughts To your good truth and honor .
Upon my power , I may dismiss this court , Unless Bellario , a learned doctor , Whom I have sent for to determine this , Come here to-day .	I may dismiss this court by my power , Unless Bellario , a learned doctor , Whom I have sent for to determine this , Comes here today .
It is here , Hamlet .	It is here , Hamlet .
Drown cats and blind puppies !	Drowning is for cats or blind puppies — don ’ t drown yourself !
I heard nothing .	I didn ’ t hear anything .
Ay , so , God be wi ' ye !	Yes , so , God be with you !
You , as your business and desire shall point you — For every man has business and desire , Such as it is — and for my own poor part , Look you , I ’ ll go pray .	You go and take care of your business ( since everybody has some business to take care of , whatever it is worth ) , and I ’ ll go and pray .
Go and tell them so .	Go and tell them this .
You would say so , master , if your garments were thin .	And if your clothes were as thin as mine , you ’ d really feel the air .
How died my master , Strato ?	How did my master die , Strato ?
I knew what you would prove .	I knew you ’ d turn out this way .
Nay , but hear me : Pardon this fault , and by my soul I swear , I never more will break an oath with thee .	No , but listen to me : Pardon this fault , and , by my soul , I swear I will never again break an oath made to you .
Belike for want of rain , which I could well Beteem them from the tempest of my eyes .	Probably because my cheeks ' roses needed rain , which I could easily give them with all the tears in my eyes .
But art thou not drowned , Stephano ?	But aren ’ t you drowned , Stephano ?
I did her wrong — Canst tell how an oyster makes his shell ?	I was wrong to her — Do you know how an oyster makes its shell ?
Swear not by time to come , for that thou hast Misused ere used , by times ill-used o 'erpast .	Don ’ t swear by the future , because you ’ ve ruined it before it has even arrived .
Come , trusty sword .	Come , trusty sword .
Officers , what offense have these men done ?	Officers , what crime have these men committed ?
I am afraid , methinks , to hear you tell it .	It scares me just to hear you talk about it .
I , sir , am Dromio .	I , sir , am Dromio .
Look , Don Pedro is returned to seek you .	Look , Don Pedro has come back for you .
They would be better , if well followed .	They would be better sentences , if you followed them well .
Where are they ?	Where are they ?
Not a jot , not a jot .	Not at all , not at all .
There , give it your hobby-horse .	There , give it to your whore .
Now I see ’ tis true ; For the blood-bolter 'd Banquo smiles upon me , And points at them for his .	Now I see it is true , Because Banquo , with his hair matted with blood smiles upon me , And points at them for his .
Now , by my hood , a Gentile and no Jew .	Now , I swear , she is a Gentile and no Jew .
How canst thou cross this marriage ?	How will you wreck this marriage ?
He calls to horse , but will I know not whither .	He has called for his horse , but I don ’ t know where he ’ s headed .
I know not what to say .	I don ’ t know what to say .
Let ’ s meet as little as we can .	Let ’ s meet as little as we can .
Let ’ s briefly put on manly readiness , And meet i ' th ' hall together .	Let ’ s get dressed quickly and then meet in the hall .
Cancel his bond of life , dear God I pray , That I may live to say , “ The dog is dead . ”	I pray that God ends his life before I die , so I can say , “ The dog is dead ! ”
Alas , sir , be patient .	Please , sir , be quiet .
We have willing dames enough ; there cannot be That vulture in you , to devour so many As will to greatness dedicate themselves , Finding it so inclined .	We have willing dames enough , so there cannot be That vulture in you , to devour so many As will dedicate themselves to greatness , Finding greatness so inclined .
A greater gift than that I ’ ll give my cousin .	I ’ ll give you a greater gift than that , nephew .
Amen !	Amen !
As I descended ?	As I came down ?
O , let me kiss This princess of pure white , this seal of bliss !	Oh , let me kiss This princess hand of pure white , this seal of bliss !
By this , I think , the dial points at five .	It ’ s almost five o 'clock .
Take thou that .	Take that .
Come on , gentle my lord , Sleek o 'er your rugged looks .	Come on , relax , dear .
Let me the curtains draw .	Let me draw the curtains .
Who bids thee call ?	Who asked you to call her ?
But art thou not drowned , Stephano ?	But aren ’ t you drowned , Stephano ?
We have lost best half of our affair .	We failed in half of our mission .
Why prat ’ st thou to thyself and answer ’ st not ?	Why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order I gave you ?
But come , my lord , let ’ s away .	But come , my lord , let ’ s go .
say , when ?	Say when .
How do you , madam ?	How are you , madam ?
Do we all holy rites .	We ’ ll perform all the holy rites .
This will prove a brave kingdom to me , where I shall have my music for nothing .	This will prove a brave kingdom to me , where I shall have my music for nothing .
If you will not murder me for my love , let me be your servant .	Please let me be your servant so I can be with you .
And we will hear it .	And we ’ ll hear it .
Most absolute lord , My mistress Cleopatra sent me to thee .	Most powerful lord , my mistress Cleopatra sent me to you .
You have seen nothing , then ?	You have seen nothing , then ?
If I last in this service , you must case me in leather .	Look at you !
Ha !	What ?
Where is the Master , Boatswain ?	Where ’ s the Master , Boatswain ?
I should know that voice .	I almost recognize that voice .
I have a letter guessingly set down , Which came from one that ’ s of a neutral heart , And not from one opposed .	It came from a neutral party , not from someone opposed to you .
Who ’ s his lieutenant , hear you ?	Who ’ s his lieutenant , do you know ?
Why , ay .	Yes , yes .
Here , sir !	Here , sir !
On , on , on , on , on !	On , on , on , on , on !
Horrible steep .	No , it ’ s dreadfully steep .
Go on , And see whether Brutus be alive or dead , And bring us word unto Octavius ' tent How every thing is chanced .	Go on , And see whether Brutus is alive or dead , And bring us word how everything happened To Octavius ' tent .
When was it she last walked ?	When was the last time you saw her sleepwalking ?
Hath it not , boy ?	Haven ’ t you , boy ?
Thou told ’ st me Thou didst hold him in thy hate .	You told me you hated him .
I think our father will hence tonight .	I think that our father will leave here tonight .
No more that thane of Cawdor shall deceive Our bosom interest : go pronounce his present death , And with his former title greet Macbeth .	Go announce that he will be executed , and tell Macbeth that Cawdor ’ s titles will be given to him .
I pray you , in your letters , When you shall these unlucky deeds relate , Speak of me as I am ; nothing extenuate , Nor set down aught in malice .	I beg you , in your letters , When you shall tell about these unlucky deeds , Speak of me as I am ; nothing farfetched , And don ’ t write anything in malice .
Marry , well bethought !	By Mary , well thought .
Brutus speaks .	Brutus speaks .
Sport ?	Sport ?
O heavenly powers , restore him !	O heavenly powers , restore him !
But till that time Come not thou near me .	Well , until that time , don ’ t come near me .
At land indeed Thou dost o ’ ercount me of my father ’ s house , But since the cuckoo builds not for himself , Remain in ’ t as thou mayst .	Even more since you annexed my father ’ s house and lands .
How now ?	What ?
Oh , that we now had here But one ten thousand of those men in England That do no work today .	Oh , if only we had with us here ten thousand of those men back home in England who aren ’ t working today .
In such a night , Did Thisbe fearfully o 'ertrip the dew , And saw the lion 's shadow ere himself , And ran dismay 'd away .	In such a night Thisbe fearfully tripped over the dew , And saw the lion 's shadow before the lion itself , And ran away dismayed .
If you will come to me — For now I spy a danger — I entreat you To bring but five and twenty .	Now that I think about the danger of these knights , if you come to stay with me , please bring no more than twenty-five of them with you .
Did you by indirect and forced courses Subdue and poison this young maid 's affections ?	Did you , by indirect and forced methods , Subdue and poison this young maid 's affections ?
Nay , I know not .	I don ’ t know .
There 's many a beast then in a populous city , And many a civil monster .	There 's many a beast , then , in a crowded city , And many a civil monster .
Well are you welcome to the open air .	Welcome to the open air again .
Enough .	Enough .
Do the boys carry it away ?	And the boys are winning so far ?
Hath not else his eye Stray ’ d his affection in unlawful love , A sin prevailing much in youthful men Who give their eyes the liberty of gazing ?	That ’ s a sin young men often commit because they allow their eyes to wander .
Welcome hither .	Welcome here .
I would breed from hence occasions , and I shall , That I may speak .	I want this to provoke confrontations , so I can give him a piece of my mind .
And thorough this distemperature we see The seasons alter : hoary-headed frosts Fall in the fresh lap of the crimson rose ; And on old Hiems ' thin and icy crown An odorous chaplet of sweet summer buds Is , as in mockery , set .	ice-cold frosts Freeze the fresh crimson roses ; And on the old God of Harmony ’ s chin and icy crown , Is set a circle of sweet summer buds Almost in mockery of the frost .
For shame , you generals !	You should be ashamed , generals !
Your bedchamber .	Your bedroom .
You have done that you should be sorry for .	You ’ ve already done something you should be sorry for .
Soft !	Listen !
Thither must I , and here I leave you , sir .	That ’ s where I ’ m going now , so I ’ ll leave you here .
To make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl ?	Can you imagine being hitched to a lump of clay ?
You shall have some part of your will .	You ’ ll get some of what you want .
There ’ s little of the melancholy element in her , my lord .	There ’ s very little about her that ’ s gloomy , my lord .
I say he shall go to prison .	I say he shall go to prison .
How the knave jowls it to the ground , as if ' were Cain 's jawbone , that did the first murder !	How the man jowls it to the ground , as if it were Cain 's jawbone , that did the first murder !
I will , my lord ; I pray you pardon me .	I will , my lord , I beg you to pardon me .
O plague right well prevented !	Oh , a plague has been prevented , thank God !
He is slain .	He ’ s been killed .
No , nor more fearful .	No , nor more fearful .
Weary sev 'nnights nine times nine Shall he dwindle , peak and pine .	For eighty-one weeks he will waste away in agony .
Farewell , good Signior Love .	Goodbye , good Mr. Love .
Have you your father 's leave ?	Have you your father 's permission ?
You have among you killed a sweet and innocent lady .	The three of you have killed a sweet , innocent woman .
Marry , he told me so himself ; and he said he cared not who knew it .	Why , he told me so himself , and he said he didn ’ t care who knew it .
He hath , my lord , of late made many tenders Of his affection to me .	My lord , he has of late made many offers Of his affection to me .
Now near enough ; your leavy screens throw down , And show like those you are .	Now that we ’ re near enough , throw the branch down , And look like the men you are .
Tis past , and so am I.	It ’ s all over now , and so am I. Let ’ s forgive each other .
Why , that the Moor first gave to Desdemona ; That which so often you did bid me steal .	Why , the one that the Moor first gave to Desdemona ; The one that you asked me so often to steal .
I have made strong proof of my constancy , Giving myself a voluntary wound Here in the thigh .	I ’ ve proved my trustworthiness by giving myself a voluntary wound here in my thigh .
Give her this key , and tell her in the desk That ’ s cover ’ d o 'er with Turkish tapestry There is a purse of ducats .	Give her this key , and tell her that there ’ s money in the desk that ’ s covered with a Turkish tapestry .
I must talk a word with you .	I need to speak a word with you .
Here I am Antony , Yet cannot hold this visible shape , my knave .	Here and now I seem like Antony , but I can ’ t keep myself in this form , my boy .
Sleeping and waking , O , defend me still !	Defend me , God , both when I ’ m asleep and when I ’ m awake .
Truly , I have him , but I would not be the party that should desire you to touch him , for his biting is immortal .	I certainly do have him , but I wouldn ’ t advise you to touch him .
Ay , madam .	Yes , madam .
Who comes so fast in silence of the night ?	Who comes so quickly in silence of the night ?
I am no traitor .	I ’ m not a traitor .
I will kill thee a hundred and fifty ways .	I will , in other words , kill you in three hundred and fifty ways .
He will come straight .	He will come right away .
You have little cause to say so .	You have no reason to say that .
I 'll warrant him for drowning , though the ship were no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unstanched wench .	I 'll wager against his drowning , even if the ship was no stronger than a nutshell and as leaky as an unsatisfied mistress .
Do not presume too much upon my love ; I may do that I shall be sorry for .	Don ’ t presume too much about my friendship ; I may do something that I ’ ll be sorry for .
I am Grumio ’ s pledge .	Easy , Petruchio .
Through Athens I am thought as fair as she .	I am considered as fair as she is throughout Athens .
I put it in the pocket of my gown .	I put it in the pocket of my nightgown .
Cold , cold , my girl , Even like thy chastity .	You ’ re cold , cold , and you were never hot with lust .
Why , he drinks you with facility your Dane dead drunk ; he sweats not to overthrow your Almain .	They drink Danes under the table , and it takes them no effort at all to out-drink Germans .
I ’ ll mend it and then play — Where ’ s the Queen ?	I ’ ll straighten it , then play — Where ’ s the Queen ?
They did so , to the amazement of mine eyes That look 'd upon 't .	They did , to the amazement of my eyes , That saw it .
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?	Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?
Deny me this , And an eternal curse fall on you !	Deny me this , And an eternal curse fall on you !
A very dishonest paltry boy , and more a coward than a hare .	He ’ s a very dishonest , puny boy , and more cowardly than a rabbit .
Nay , guiltiness Will speak , though tongues were out of use .	The guilty speak volumes even when they ’ re silent .
Had I been any god of power , I would Have sunk the sea within the earth , or ere It should the good ship so have swallowed and The fraughting souls within her .	If I had been any god of power , I would Have sunk the sea on the earth , before It would have swallowed the good ship and The souls that were her cargo .
Good even , Casca .	Good evening , Casca .
O , if thou wert the noblest of thy strain , Young man , thou couldst not die more honorable .	If you were the noblest of your family , young man , you couldn ’ t die more honorably .
Why , fare thee well .	Goodbye , then .
No , I am a Welshman .	No , I am a Welshman .
O Jephthah , judge of Israel , what a treasure hadst thou !	O Jephthah , judge of Israel , what a treasure you had !
Till noon ?	Only until noon , my lord ?
Thou knowest that the fashion of a doublet , or a hat , or a cloak , is nothing to a man .	You know that the style of a man ’ s jacket or hat or coat means nothing .
Those linen cheeks of thine Are counselors to fear .	Those linen cheeks of your Are counselors to fear .
My pretty cousins , you mistake me both .	My pretty children , both of you misunderstand me .
Is it so brave as lass ?	Is it so brave a girl ?
But who comes here ?	But who is this ?
Very well .	Very well .
What mean 'st thou by that ?	What do you mean by that ?
Wakes ) When my cue comes , call me , and I will answer .	When my cue comes , call me , and I will answer .
I will confess it to all the ' orld .	I will confess it to all the world .
O Antony , O thou Arabian bird !	Oh , Antony !
I have heard him read many lectures against it , and I thank God I am not a woman , to be touched with so many giddy offenses as he hath generally taxed their whole sex withal .	Thank God I ’ m not a woman and afflicted with all the giddiness that troubles that entire sex .
He 's a soldier ; and for one to say a soldier lies , is stab- bing .	He 's a soldier ; and for one to say a soldier lies is stabbing him .
Will you walk towards him ?	Do you want to go see him ?
And come yourselves , and bring Messala with you , Immediately to us .	And return to us immediately , bringing Messala with you .
He had one yesterday .	He had one yesterday .
God be wi ' you .	God bless you .
It ’ s suppertime , my lord .	It ’ s dinnertime , my lord .
O , I die , Horatio .	Oh , I ’ m dying , Horatio !
With the earl , sir , here within .	Inside , sir , with the earl .
Y 'are a baggage , the Slys are no rogues .	Read your history !
Pray heaven it be state matters , as you think , And no conception nor no jealous toy Concerning you .	Pray heaven it is state matters , as you think , And no plot or no jealous reason Concerning you .
Caesar , I never stood on ceremonies , Yet now they fright me .	Caesar , I never believed in omens , but now they frighten me .
Prithee , who is ’ t that thou mean ’ st ?	Tell me , who is this knight ?
Go hence with diligence .	Hurry , go !
That nature , which contemns its origin Cannot be bordered certain in itself .	You can ’ t trust anyone who abuses her own father , her flesh and blood .
So indeed he did .	And he did .
O Margaret , Margaret , now thy heavy curse Is lighted on poor Hastings ' wretched head .	Oh Margaret , Margaret , your heavy curse has now landed on poor Hastings ’ s miserable head !
Use them after your own honor and dignity .	Treat them with honor and dignity .
Do not weep , do not weep .	Don ’ t cry , don ’ t cry .
Oh , ay .	Oh yes .
I will not .	I won ’ t .
Come to me again , And bring me word what he doth say to thee .	Come back to me again , And bring me word about what he says to you .
His Honor and myself are at the one , And at the other is my good friend Catesby , Where nothing can proceed that toucheth us Whereof I shall not have intelligence .	While he and I are at one , my loyal servant Catesby will be at the other , so nothing will happen that we won ’ t find out about .
Come , come , You ’ ll never meet a more sufficient man .	Come on .
You come with letters against the king and take Vanity the puppet ’ s part against the royalty of her father .	You come here with letters against the king , and you take his conceited daughter ’ s side against his royal highness .
The Jew shall have my flesh , blood , bones , and all , Ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood .	The Jew shall have my flesh , blood , bones , and everything , Before you shall lose one drop of blood for me .
A peevish school boy , worthless of such honor , Join 'd with a masker and a reveller !	A peevish schoolboy , worthless of such honor , Joined with a man in a mask and a party man !
Hail !	Hail !
Why then , you left me , — O , the gods forbid ! — In earnest , shall I say ?	Why then , you left me , — Oh , the gods forbid ! — Seriously , shall I say ?
Go after her .	Follow her .
I know thou canst not choose .	I know you have no choice .
She was of Carthage , not of Tunis .	Dido was from Carthage , not Tunis .
My lord .	Yes , my lord ?
But make amends now .	But you can make it up to me .
All this done , Repair to Pompey ’ s porch , where you shall find us .	When you ’ ve finished all this , return to the porch of Pompey ’ s theater , where you ’ ll find us .
But were I Brutus , And Brutus Antony , there were an Antony Would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue In every wound of Caesar that should move The stones of Rome to rise and mutiny .	But if I were Brutus and Brutus were me , then I ’ d stir you up , and install in each of Caesar ’ s wounds the kind of voice that could convince even stones to rise up and mutiny .
And may you prove , sir , master of your art .	I hope you ’ re an expert in your field .
He shall think , by the letters that thou wilt drop , that they come from my niece , and that she ’ s in love with him .	He ’ ll think these letters are from Olivia and that she ’ s in love with him .
Here is the man .	Here he is .
Give him heedful note .	Watch him closely .
Give me my armor .	Give me my armor .
I am content .	As a favor to I ’ m delighted .
If it be found so , some will dear abide it .	If it turns out he wasn ’ t , certain people are going to get it .
Was not Count John here at supper ?	Wasn ’ t Don John at dinner tonight ?
If we offend , it is with our good will .	If we happen to offend you , it ’ s because we want to .
Here stands the man — good .	Here stands the man , good .
In both my eyes he doubly sees himself : In each eye , one : — swear by your double self , And there 's an oath of credit .	In both my eyes , he doubly sees himself , One in each eye ; swear by your double self , And there 's an oath to believe .
Away with it !	Take it away .
This is a dear manikin to you , Sir Toby .	This precious little guy is putty in your hands , Sir Toby .
I say I love thee more than he can do .	I say I love you more than he does .
Henceforth be never number 'd among men !	Oh !
Mark Antony shall say I am not well , And for thy humor I will stay at home .	Mark Antony will say I ’ m not well , and to please you I ’ ll stay at home .
My countryman , but yet I know him not .	By his dress I can tell he ’ s my countryman , but I don ’ t recognize him .
I am afraid this great lubber , the world , will prove a cockney .	What an idiotic place this world is .
How shall we beguile The lazy time , if not with some delight ?	How shall we spend The lazy time , if not with some delight ?
A more unhappy lady , If this division chance , ne ’ er stood between , Praying for both parts .	No lady could be more miserable than I if you two disagree .
Ay , and this .	Yes , and these .
Faith , that was not so well ; yet would I knew That stroke would prove the worst !	Faith , that was not good ; still I wish I knew if That stroke would prove to be the worst !
True hope is swift , and flies with swallow ’ s wings .	Hope with good cause is swift ; it flies as fast as a swallow .
She is low-voiced .	She has a low-pitched voice .
Let ’ s tonight Be bounteous at our meal .	Tonight let ’ s have plenty to eat .
No , sir , she shall not , though you take her part .	No , sir , she shall not , although you take her side .
O , heaven forgive us !	O , heaven forgive us !
Is that any thing now ?	Is he right ?
I prithee , who ?	Please , who ?
Most noble brother , you have done me wrong .	Most noble brother , you have done me wrong .
You told us of some suit .	You told us you want something .
Never , my lord .	Never , my lord .
Never did mockers waste more idle breath .	Never did mockers waste more idle breath .
No , that you shall not till you take her hand Before this friar and swear to marry her .	No , you can ’ t do that until you take her hand and , in front of this friar , swear to marry her .
Do you know , sirrah , where Lieutenant Cassio lies ?	Do you know , servant , where Lieutenant Cassio lies ?
He sups tonight with a harlotry , and thither will I go to him .	He eats tonight with a harlot , and I will go there to him .
You look pale and gaze And put on fear and cast yourself in wonder , To see the strange impatience of the heavens .	You look pale and dazed , And put on fear and make yourself wonder , To see the strange behavior of the Heavens .
I held the sword and he did run on it .	I held the sword and he ran on it .
O , in the duke of Gloucester ’ s purse .	Oh , in the duke of Gloucester ’ s wallet .
Oh , she will sing the savageness out of a bear !	Oh , she could sing a wild bear to sleep !
Farewell .	Good-bye .
Bade him anon return and here speak with me , The which he promised .	I told him to come back and talk to me in a bit , and he promised he would .
I ’ ll assure you , he uttered as prave words at the pridge as you shall see in a summer ’ s day .	What he just said to me — it ’ s alright .
Here Catesby comes again .	Here comes Catesby again .
I speak but as I find .	I ’ m just stating the facts as I see them .
Speak to me what thou art .	Tell me what you are .
The valiant never taste of death but once .	The brave experience death only once .
It is my birthday .	It ’ s my birthday .
To me it is a prison .	To me , it is a prison .
to Sebastian and Antonio &ket; There stand , &bra; to Sebastian and Antonio &ket; There stand , For you are spell-stopped . — Holy Gonzalo , honourable man , Mine eyes , even sociable to the show of thine , Fall fellowly drops .	Holy Gonzalo , honorable man , My eyes , even sociable to the show of your eyes , Cry like yours .
How low am I ?	How short am I ?
Another general shout !	Another general shout !
I had no judgment when to her I swore .	I had no sense of judgment when I swore love to her .
I know his heart .	I know how his mind works .
Here , take away this dish .	Here , take away the dish .
Where is my love ?	Where is my love ?
He hath not told us of the captain yet .	He still hasn ’ t told us about the captain .
About , my brain !	Change course , my brain !
How vilely doth this cynic rhyme !	How this sneering fault-finder rhymes so badly !
Were the world mine , Demetrius being bated , The rest I ’ d give to be to you translated .	If the world were mine , I ’ d give it all up — everything except Demetrius — to be you .
Why I should fear I know not , Since guiltiness I know not .	I don ’ t know why I should be afraid , since I haven ’ t done anything wrong .
He 's now in Florence .	He 's now in Florence .
But are they , Ariel , safe ?	But are they safe , Ariel ?
Get you gone , you dwarf ; You minimus , of hind 'ring knot-grass made ; You bead , you acorn .	Get going , you dwarf ; You zero , made of scraps of grass ; You bead , you acorn .
O , let me speak !	Oh , let me speak !
We fat all creatures else to fat us , and we fat ourselves for maggots .	We fatten up all other creatures to fatten us up , when we fatten ourselves for maggots .
I charge thee do so , as thou art my child .	As my child , I order you to do so .
Most noble sir , arise .	Most noble sir , stand up .
Even so .	Even from that .
You may as well do anything most hard , As seek to soften that — than which what ’ s harder ? — His Jewish heart .	You might as well do the impossible rather than try to soften his Jewish heart .
Not yet , my cousin .	Not yet , cousin .
From Tripolis , from Mexico , and England , From Lisbon , Barbary , and India ?	From Tripolis , from Mexico , and England , From Lisbon , Barbary , and India ?
Saw who ?	Saw who ?
I never gave him any .	I never offended him at all .
Lord of his fortunes he salutes thee , and Requires to live in Egypt ; which not granted , He lessens his requests , and to thee sues To let him breathe between the heavens and earth A private man in Athens .	If that is not granted , he reduces his requests and asks only that he be allowed to live as a private man in Athens .
Caesar , beware of Brutus .	Caesar , beware of Brutus .
You have done that you should be sorry for .	You ’ ve done what you should be sorry for .
Nay , faith , I ’ ll see the church a ' your back , and then come back to my master ’ s as soon as I can .	I ’ ll see them safely married first and then hurry back to my master ’ s .
Our sport shall be to take what they mistake ; And what poor duty cannot do , noble respect Takes it in might , not merit .	And what poor duty can ’ t do , Noble respect takes it in force , not merit .
Not tonight , good Iago .	Not tonight , Iago .
Where are they ?	Where are they ?
Then will I come to my mother by and by .	Then I will go to my mother by and by .
The food that to him now is as luscious as locusts , shall be to him shortly as acerb as the coloquintida .	The food that is now as luscious as locusts to him shall be shortly be as bitter as the bitter apple drug .
Here 's another , More potent than the first .	Here ’ s another , More potent than the first .
O , fear me not !	O , don ’ t be afraid of me .
You ’ ve strange serpents there ?	Do you have unusual snakes there ?
Dost thou in conscience think — tell me , Emilia — That there be women do abuse their husbands In such gross kind ?	Do you honestly think — tell me , Emilia — there are women who ’ d cheat on their husbands in such a disgusting manner ?
O hated potion , hence !	Hated potion , get away !
My children too ?	My children too ?
If thou hast her not i ' the end , call me “ Cut . ” If I do not , never trust me , take it how you will .	I know I will too , if it ’ s the last thing I do .
How but well , sir ?	Beautifully , sir , beautifully !
Some to Decius ' house and some to Casca ’ s .	Some of you go to Decius ’ s house and some to Casca ’ s .
I do beseech you .	I ’ m begging you .
I will be bitter with him and passing short .	I ’ ll be bitter toward him , and curt .
Why , if two gods should play some heavenly match And on the wager lay two earthly women , And Portia one , there must be something else Pawned with the other , for the poor rude world Hath not her fellow .	The poor rude world doesn ’ t have her equal .
Will you go see the order of the course ?	Are you going to watch the race ?
Swear your love .	Swear your love for each other .
Egeus , I will overbear your will ; For in the temple , by and by , with us These couples shall eternally be knit .	We will hear more of this story later . — Egeus , I will override your demands ; These couples shall eternally be knit By and by with us in the temple .
M ” — why , that begins my name .	M ” — why , that ’ s the first letter in my name .
Behold where stands The usurper 's cursed head .	Behold , here is The usurper 's cursed head .
They were villains , murderers .	They were villains , murderers .
Wilt thou have music ?	Would you care to hear some music ?
Who wrongs him ?	Who has wronged him ?
The man i ' th ' moon !	The man in the moon !
I pity thy complaining .	I pity your situation .
Come with a thought .	Come , Ariel — I summon you with a thought .
It beckons you to go away with it , As if it some impartment did desire To you alone .	It beckons you to go away with it , As if it had something to say To you alone .
Please , let me stay .	Pray , let me stay .
I find not Myself disposed to sleep .	I don ’ t find Myself wanting to sleep .
If the English had any apprehension , they would run away .	If the English had any sense , they would run away .
What is that noise ?	What ’ s that noise ?
Who maintains ' em ?	Who cares for them ?
How can that be , when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in Denmark ?	But how can you say that , when the king himself says you ’ re the heir to the Danish throne ?
So should he look That seems to speak things strange .	He look should look that way with so many strange things To say .
I dreamt tonight that I did feast with Caesar , And things unlucky charge my fantasy .	I dreamed last night that I feasted with Caesar , and unlucky signs overwhelmed my imagination .
Where is that viper ?	Where ’ s that snake ?
Why , she defies me Like Turk to Christian .	Why , she challenges me like a Muslim would challenge a Christian .
He is address 'd ; press near and second him .	He ’ s ready ; get closer and back him up .
O wretched fool , That livest to make thine honesty a vice !	O wretched fool , That lives to make your honesty a vice !
Nothing , but this is so .	Nothing , but this is true .
Even so quickly may one catch the plague ?	Can someone fall in love this quickly ?
Fine , i ' faith !	Oh , that ’ s very nice !
He is , my lord , and safe in Leicester town , Whither , if it please you , we may now withdraw us .	He is , my lord , and safe in Leicester , where , if you ’ d like , we can retreat to .
I ’ ll follow it .	I ’ ll follow it .
You shall have gold To pay the petty debt twenty times over .	I ’ ll give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times over .
My lord !	My lord !
All take hands .	Everyone join hands .
O , never Shall sun that morrow see !	That day will never come .
What will you give me now For the same handkerchief ?	And what would you give me for the handkerchief ?
Pardon , dear father .	Pardon us , dear father .
My name is Pistol called .	My name is Pistol .
God 's bodykins , man , much better !	God ’ s bodkin , man , better .
Tucket Once more I come to know of thee , King Harry , If for thy ransom thou wilt now compound , Before thy most assurèd overthrow .	Once more I come to ask you , King Harry , if you ’ re ready to negotiate your ransom before your certain defeat .
That by proscription and bills of outlawry , Octavius , Antony , and Lepidus Have put to death an hundred senators .	That with a series of legal writs , Octavius , Antony , and Lepidus have put a hundred senators to death .
If one should be a prey , how much the better To fall before the lion than the wolf !	It ’ s much better to be destroyed by a noble enemy than by a cruel and heartless one .
Be not disturbed with my infirmity .	Don ’ t be disturbed by my illness .
Murder ?	Murder ?
I think he only loves the world for him .	I think he only loves life because of Bassanio .
Forty thousand brothers Could not , with all their quantity of love , Make up my sum .	Forty thousand brothers Couldn ’ t , even with all their quantity of love , Make up my sum .
Tis so strange That , though the truth of it stands off as gross As black and white , my eye will scarcely see it .	Though the truth of your treachery is as plain as black on white , I can scarcely believe it , it ’ s so past understanding .
O hell !	Oh hell !
I hope , in no place so unsanctified Where such as thou mayst find him .	I hope he ’ s not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like you can find him .
Hum !	Hum !
Who comes with her ?	Who comes with her ?
I will go tell him of fair Hermia 's flight ; Then to the wood will he tomorrow night Pursue her ; and for this intelligence If I have thanks , it is a dear expense .	I ’ ll tell him of fair Hermia 's flight ; Then tomorrow night , he will pursue her To the forest , and , even if he just thanks me For this knowledge , it is sweet payment .
She haunts me in every place .	She hangs around me all the time .
You are a merry man , sir .	You ’ re a funny man , sir .
Who are the late commissioners ?	Who are the new commissioners ?
What , jealous Oberon ? — Fairies , skip hence .	How What , are you jealous , Oberon ? — Fairies , let ’ s get out of here .
No , not much moved .	No , not too upset .
To who , my lord ? — Who hath the office ?	Whom should we look for in the castle ? — Whose job is it ?
How now , Oswald ?	Well , Oswald ?
The shame itself doth speak For instant remedy .	It ’ s shameful , and we have to make some changes right away .
We ’ ll hear it , Antony .	We want to hear it , Antony .
Have we devils here ?	Do we have devils here ?
He is not doubted . — A word , Lucillius .	Can I have a word with you , Lucillius ?
Madam , not now .	Madam , not now .
I hope better .	I ’ m hoping for better .
Now , out of doubt Antipholus is mad ; Else would he never so demean himself .	Antipholus has gone insane , no question about it .
I ' faith , coz , ’ tis he .	Really , cousin , it ’ s him .
Good morrow to you .	Good morning to you . — Here the street is narrow .
And I.	And I.
Thus with imagined wing our swift scene flies In motion of no less celerity Than that of thought .	And so , on the wings of imagination and at the speed of thought , our scene flies swiftly on .
How many goodly creatures are there here !	How many goodly creatures are there here !
He is of a very melancholy disposition .	He has a very gloomy attitude .
Happy be Theseus , our renowned duke !	Regards to Theseus , our renowned duke !
By so much the more shall I tomorrow be at the height of heart-heaviness , by how much I shall think my brother happy in having what he wishes for .	Tomorrow I ’ ll be at the depths of my misery thinking about the happiness my brother has achieved , in having what he wished for .
Gentlemen , you are welcome to Elsinore .	Gentlemen , you are welcome to Elsinore .
When we were boys , Who would believe that there were mountaineers Dewlapped like bulls , whose throats had hanging at ’ em Wallets of flesh ?	When we were boys , Who would believe that there were mountaineers Covered with dew like bulls , who had throats with pockets Of flesh hanging from them ?
In my mind 's eye , Horatio .	In my mind 's eye , Horatio .
You must not , sir , mistake my niece .	Please don ’ t take my niece the wrong way , sir .
You shall not write my praise .	You shall not write my praise .
Till I shall see you in your soldiers ’ dress , Which will become you both , farewell .	Good-bye then , until the time I see you dressed in your battle gear , which will suit you both very well .
I say , there is no darkness but ignorance , in which thou art more puzzled than the Egyptians in their fog .	There ’ s no darkness except ignorance , and you ’ re more ignorant than the Egyptians during the plague of fog .
My lord , I did intend it .	My lord , I did intend to ask .
None that I more love than myself .	No one that I love more than myself .
This is most certain that I shall deliver : Mark Antony is every hour in Rome Expected .	This news is absolutely true : Mark Antony is expected to arrive in Rome at any hour now .
Whiles I threat , he lives ; Words to the heat of deeds too cold breath gives .	While I threaten , he lives ; Words give breath to the heat of deeds that are too cold .
I have had four quarrels , and like to have fought one .	I have quarreled four times , and almost got in a fight .
We will yet do well .	We ’ ll win yet .
My love !	My love !
Ay , lord .	Yes , my lord .
What mercy can you render him , Antonio ?	What mercy can you show him , Antonio ?
For this relief much thanks .	Thanks for being on time .
Indeed ?	Oh , really ?
Look how she rubs her hands .	Look how she rubs her hands .
If I did take the kingdom from your sons , To make amends I ’ ll give it to your daughter .	If I took the kingdom from your sons , I ’ ll give it to your daughter to make up for it .
Have you no modesty , no maiden shame , No touch of bashfulness ?	You ought to be ashamed of yourself !
What , man !	What , man !
Thou mak 'st me merry ; I am full of pleasure .	You make me happy : I am full of pleasure .
No passage ?	No one passing by ?
I ’ ll read the writing .	I ’ ll read it aloud .
I do wander everywhere Swifter than the moon ’ s sphere .	I wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the Earth .
The handkerchief !	The handkerchief !
Put on your nightgown .	Put on your nightgown .
No , as I shall be saved .	No , I swear it .
Adultery ?	Adultery ?
Be patient , for you shall remain with us .	Be patient , because you ’ re staying with me .
And second father This lady makes him to me .	He ’ s given me a second life , and marrying her makes him a second father to me .
Good Lord for alliance !	Thank the lord for alliances !
By heaven , he echoes me , As if there were some monster in his thought Too hideous to be shown .	By heaven , he echoes me , As if there were some monster in his thoughts Too hideous to be shown .
My brother and thy uncle , called Antonio — I pray thee , mark me ( that a brother should Be so perfidious !	My brother , your uncle Antonio — just listen to this ( I still can ’ t believe a brother could be so disloyal !
Nor our strong sorrow &bra; Aside to Donalbain .	Nor our strong sorrow Ready to be revealed .
By providence divine .	With God ’ s help .
O my good lord , Believe not all , or , if you must believe , Stomach not all .	Oh , dear husband , don ’ t believe everything you hear — or if you must believe it , don ’ t let it all make you angry .
Come , “ The croaking raven doth bellow for revenge — ”	We ’ re all waiting for the revenge !
Relent , and save your souls .	Relent , and save your souls .
My dear ’ st sister !	My dearest sister !
These lily lips , This cherry nose , These yellow cowslip cheeks Are gone , are gone .	Your lily-white lips , your cherry-red nose , and your buttercup-yellow cheeks are gone , gone forever .
A king , perhaps — My lord — How chance the prophet could not at that time Have told me , I being by , that I should kill him ?	A king , perhaps — My lord — How is it that the prophet didn ’ t tell me at the time that I would kill him ?
You must awhile be patient .	You must be patient a while .
Fire !	Set fire !
Choose your revenge yourself .	Choose your revenge .
Yet at the first I saw the treasons planted .	I knew from the first it would be this way .
But do not go with it !	But don ’ t go with it !
Go , Captain , from me greet the Danish king .	Go , Captain , send my greetings to the Danish king .
He would not take the crown .	Caesar wouldn ’ t take the crown .
Be not fond To think that Caesar bears such rebel blood That will be thaw 'd from the true quality With that which melteth fools , I mean sweet words , Low-crooked court 'sies , and base spaniel-fawning .	Don ’ t be so silly as To think that Caesar has such rebel blood That will be changed by The same things that change fools ; I mean , sweet words , Low , crooked curtsies , and playing up to me like a puppy .
What he hath uttered I have writ my sister .	I ’ ve written to my sister telling her everything he ’ s said .
You have , my lord .	You have , my lord .
I love to cope him in these sullen fits , For then he ’ s full of matter .	I love to argue with him when he ’ s having one of these fits , because then he always has a lot to say .
Hast thou not dropped from heaven ?	Have you not dropped from heaven ?
What ’ s this to my Lysander ?	What does that have to do with my Lysander ?
Good fool , help me to some light and some paper .	Be a nice fool and help me find a candle and some paper .
O my heart !	Oh , my heart !
Dear sovereign , hear me speak .	Dear master , listen to me .
They swore you did .	They swore you did .
Such a one Am I to fear , or none .	No I won ’ t , even if you were one of the worst demons in hell .
Marry , well remembered .	That ’ s a good point .
Now welcome , Kate , and bear me witness all That here I kiss her as my sovereign queen .	Now , welcome , Kate . — And let everyone bear witness that here I kiss her as my sovereign queen .
Now , Eros .	Now , Eros .
I shall obey you .	Yes , I ’ ll go .
How that might change his nature , there ’ s the question .	The question is , how would being king change him ?
Dream on , dream on , of bloody deeds and death .	I am a villain .
He has been yonder i ' the sun practising behavior to his own shadow this half hour .	He ’ s been over there practicing how to act for the past half hour .
Tempt him not so too far .	Don ’ t push him too far .
Nay , then you lie .	Well , you ’ re a liar , then .
I am full of pleasure .	I ’ m full of joy .
Have with you .	I ’ m coming .
Naughty lady , These hairs which thou dost ravish from my chin Will quicken and accuse thee .	Wicked woman , these white hairs you ’ re pulling off my chin will come to life and accuse you of wrong-doing .
Why , here ’ s no crab , and therefore look not sour .	There ’ s no crab-apple here , so don ’ t look sour .
Farewell , good Launcelot .	Goodbye , good Launcelot .
He speaks nothing but madman .	He talks nothing but nonsense .
We Have used to conquer standing on the earth And fighting foot to foot .	We are used to winning by standing on the earth and fighting toe to toe .
For , sir , It is as sure as you are Roderigo , Were I the Moor , I would not be Iago .	Because , sir , It is as sure as you are Roderigo , Were I the Moor , I would not be Iago .
A sailor 's wife had chestnuts in her lap , And mounch 'd , and mounch 'd , and mounch 'd .	A sailor 's wife had chestnuts in her lap , And munched , and munched , and munched .
God save the King !	God save the King !
In second husband let me be accurst !	Let me be cursed if I marry again !
Then in my tent , Cassius , enlarge your griefs , And I will give you audience .	Then , in my tent , you can elaborate on your complaints , and I ’ ll listen .
No man bears sorrow better .	No man handles sorrow better .
I had rather have a fool to make me merry than experience to make me sad — and to travel for it , too .	I ’ d rather have a jester to make me happy than experience to make me sad — and to travel for all that trouble , no less !
I have it , Tranio !	Tranio , I think I ’ ve got it !
I 'll tell you what you shall do .	I 'll tell you what you shall do .
What is 't ?	What is it ?
Out o ' your wits and hearing too ?	Are you out of your mind and deaf too ?
Even so .	All right .
I ’ ll end my exhortation after dinner .	I ’ ll finish my lecture after dinner .
And I for Ganymede .	And like I am for Ganymede .
Good morrow to you .	Good morning to you .
Devilish Macbeth By many of these trains hath sought to win me Into his power , and modest wisdom plucks me From over-credulous haste .	Devilish Macbeth Has sought to win me into his power By many of these thoughts , and modest wisdom keeps me From over-believing haste .
Speak softly .	Speak softly .
Not altogether so , sir .	It ’ s not quite that simple .
Which is one ?	Tell me one .
Behold , I have a weapon .	Look , I have a weapon , the best sword a soldier could have .
This is the latest parle we will admit .	This is the final discussion I will grant .
Farewell .	Farewell .
What if I do obey ?	What if I obey ?
O , vengeance !	O , vengeance !
That hath made him mad .	That ’ s what made him crazy .
How dost thou like the Lord Bassanio ’ s wife ?	And how do you like Lord Bassanio ’ s wife ?
And since the quarrel Will bear no color for the thing he is , Fashion it thus : that what he is , augmented , Would run to these and these extremities .	And since our quarrel is with his future behavior , not what he does now , I must frame the argument like this : if his position is furthered , his character will fulfill these predictions .
And did you see the handkerchief ?	And did you see the handkerchief ?
What is 't , my lord ?	What is it , my lord ?
Le chien est retourné à son propre vomissement , et la truie lavée au bourbier . ” Thou mak ’ st use of anything .	The dog returns to its own vomit , and the newly washed sow to its mud puddle . ” You ’ d take anything for a mistress .
Mistrust of good success hath done this deed .	Lack of trust in good success has done this deed .
Let me endure your wrath , if 't be not so .	Let me suffer your anger if it isn ’ t so .
Good Enobarbus , ’ tis a worthy deed , And shall become you well , to entreat your captain To soft and gentle speech .	Good Enobarbus , you would be doing a very good thing if you advised your captain to speak calmly and quietly .
This falls out better than I could devise .	This works out better than I could have planned .
If he love Caesar , all that he can do Is to himself , take thought and die for Caesar .	If he loves Caesar , all that he can do Is what he can do to himself — think and die for Caesar .
Is not that he ?	Isn ’ t that him ?
Every inordinate cup is unblest , and the ingredient is a devil .	Every uncontrolled cup is evil , and the ingredient is a devil .
I partly know the man .	I know the man a bit .
I prithee , be my god .	Please , be my god .
They do but jest , poison in jest ; no offence i ' the world .	They only pretend , pretend to poison , no offense in the world .
Concerning this , sir — O well-painted passion ! — I am commanded home .	I am commanded home .
The King is a thing — A thing , my lord ?	The king is a thing , A thing , my lord !
Marry , now I let go your hand , I am barren .	But oops , when I let go of your hand , I let go of the biggest joke of all .
Look , in this place ran Cassius ' dagger through .	Look , here ’ s where Cassius ’ s dagger pierced it .
Ride , ride , Messala .	Ride , ride , Messala .
Think ’ st thou that duty shall have dread to speak When power to flattery bows ?	When powerful kings cave in to flatterers , do you think loyal men will be afraid to speak out against it ?
Yes , that I did ; but that was but courtesy .	Yes , I did ; but she was only being polite .
What need ’ st thou run so many mile about When thou mayst tell thy tale the nearest way ?	Why do you go around in circles when you could get to the point ?
How comes that ?	Why is that ?
Since I have your good leave to go away , I will make haste .	Since you ’ re letting me leave , I ’ ll hurry .
I ’ ll sell all my land .	I ’ m going to sell all my land .
We are arrant knaves all ; believe none of us .	We are wicked men , all , believe none of us .
Let ’ s all sink wi ' th ' king .	Let ’ s all sink with the king .
No more of that .	No more of that .
Beat me ?	You ’ ll beat me ?
I will have my revenge ere I depart his house .	I ’ ll get my revenge before I leave this house .
His lecture will be done ere you have tuned .	I ’ ll have my lessons in the order and manner
His bark is stoutly timber 'd , and his pilot Of very expert and approved allowance ; Therefore my hopes , not surfeited to death , Stand in bold cure .	His ship is heavily timbered , and his captain is Very experienced and has a good reputation ; Therefore my hopes , not excessively fed to death , Stand in heavy anxiety .
The venom clamors of a jealous woman Poisons more deadly than a mad dog ’ s tooth .	A jealous woman ’ s poisonous ranting is worse than the bite of a rabid dog .
He ’ ll speak with you , will you or no .	He insists he ’ ll speak with you whether you want him to or not .
Well , well , put up your sword .	Well , then , put your sword away .
Nor rain , wind , thunder , fire are my daughters .	The rain , the wind , the thunder and lightning are not my daughters .
Aside .	Aside .
Dull thing , I say so .	That ’ s right , you stupid thing .
Fetch that gallant hither .	Bring that swinger Orlando here .
Well , I know not What counts harsh Fortune casts upon my face , But in my bosom shall she never come To make my heart her vassal .	Well , I cannot tell how my difficult life has weathered my face , but I will never let those difficulties subdue my courage .
Thou sayest his sports were hinderd by thy brawls .	Fever , as we know , is a kind of madness .
Safe , Antony , Brutus is safe enough .	Safe , Antony ; Brutus is safe enough .
It must be se offendendo ; it cannot be else .	It must be self-offense .
To his conveyance I assign my wife , With what else needful your good grace shall think To be sent after me .	He ’ ll accompany my wife , and bring whatever else you think I might need .
There ’ s no art To find the mind ’ s construction in the face .	There ’ s no way to read a man ’ s mind by looking at his face .
Ha !	Huh !
Not that I think you did not love your father , But that I know love is begun by time , And that I see , in passages of proof , Time qualifies the spark and fire of it .	Not that I think you didn ’ t love your father , But because I know love is begun by time , And I see , in the ways of love , That time dampens the spark and fire of it .
A thousand thousand !	A million goodbyes to you .
Sir , will you , with those infirmities she owes — Unfriended , new adopted to our hate , Dowered with our curse and strangered with our oath — Take her or leave her ?	So do you take her or leave her ?
Dorset , embrace him . — Hastings , love Lord Marquess .	Dorset , embrace Hastings . — Hastings , express your affection for the marquess of Dorset .
I never saw her till this time .	I never saw her till now .
Adieu , Till your return at night .	Good-bye , until you return tonight .
Why then , God ’ s soldier be he !	Well then , he ’ s God ’ s soldier now !
My niece shall take note of it , and assure thyself , there is no love-broker in the world can more prevail in man ’ s commendation with woman than report of valor .	My niece Olivia will notice , and let me tell you , no matchmaker in the world can get you a woman faster than a reputation for courage .
And fixed his eyes upon you ?	Did he stare at you ?
Run after that same peevish messenger , The county ’ s man .	Run after that obnoxious messenger , the duke ’ s servant .
Run , run , O , run !	Run , run , oh , run !
But well and free , If thou so yield him , there is gold , and here My bluest veins to kiss — a hand that kings Have lipped , and trembled kissing .	Kings have trembled to kiss this hand .
No sound , no word ?	No sound , no word ?
Use them after your own honour and dignity .	Use them according to your class .
Then is he more beholding to you than I.	In that case , he ’ s more obliged to you than I am .
Away , slight man !	Away , skinny man !
Good reasons must of force give place to better .	Good reasons must , of course , yield to better reasons .
Now all the plagues that in the pendulous air Hang fated o 'er men ’ s faults light on thy daughters !	Then may your daughters be cursed with all the horrible fates that await sinners !
Tell me for more certainty , Albeit I ’ ll swear that I do know your tongue .	Tell me so I can be sure , though I swear I recognize your voice .
I shifted him away And laid good ’ scuses upon your ecstasy ,	I got him to leave , and made up an excuse for your trance .
Do not so .	Don ’ t .
Take him on the costard with the hilts of thy sword , and then throw him into the malmsey butt in the next room .	We ’ ll hit him on the head with the handles of our swords , then throw him in the wine barrel in the next room .
A sweeter and a Lovellier gentleman , Framed in the prodigality of nature , Young , valiant , wise , and , no doubt , right royal , The spacious world cannot again afford .	He was graced with lots of natural gifts , he was young , valiant , wise , and no doubt meant to be king .
Who is here so base that would be a bondman ?	Who here is so low that he wants to be a slave ?
What mercy can you render him , Antonio ?	What mercy can you give him , Antonio ?
Lie thou there ( throwing down a letter ) , for here comes the trout that must be caught with tickling .	Now , you lie there on the path .
Thou seest we are not all alone unhappy .	You see , we ’ re not alone in our unhappiness .
An you lie , sirrah , we ’ ll have you whipped .	If you lie , boy , we ’ ll have you whipped .
No such jade as you , if me you mean .	Not by the likes of you !
He hath confessed .	He ’ s already done so .
No , sir .	No , sir .
O , this is counter , you false Danish dogs !	O , this is rebellion , you false Danish dogs !
Virtue is no hornmaker , and my Rosalind is virtuous .	A virtuous woman won ’ t give her husband horns , and my Rosalind is definitely virtuous .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Helena , adieu .	Goodbye , Helena .
Your Emperor Continues still a Jove .	Your Emperor is still a king among gods .
The sooner , sweet , for you .	The sooner , sweet , for you .
A monster , a very monster in apparel , and not like a Christian footboy or a gentleman ’ s lackey .	He ’ s dressed like a freak , a total freak , and not at all like a proper footman or a gentleman ’ s valet .
Help !	Help !
Give me excess of it that , surfeiting , The appetite may sicken , and so die .	Give me too much of it , so I ’ ll get sick of it and stop loving .
Of what , lady ?	Shame of what , lady ?
I ’ ll not be strucken , my lord .	I won ’ t be hit , my lord .
Eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast — and but twelve persons there !	We heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole for breakfast — for only twelve people !
For God ’ s sake , send some other messenger .	For God ’ s sake , send somebody else .
Men may sleep , and they may have their throats about them at that time , and some say knives have edges .	Men may sleep , and when they do they may have their throats with them , and some people say knives have blades .
But now in the division of the kingdom , it appears not which of the dukes he values most , for equalities are so weighed that curiosity in neither can make choice of either ’ s moiety .	But the way he ’ s divided the kingdom recently , nobody can tell which of the dukes he favors more .
You would all this time have proved there is no time for all things .	You were supposed to be proving that there isn ’ t time for everything .
Hold , Toby !	Stop , Sir Toby !
Bring me to Octavius .	Take me to Octavius .
Madam ?	Madam ?
Dolabella !	Dolabella !
O heavens !	O heavens !
Approach , my Ariel , come .	Come here , Ariel .
This is the fool that lent out money gratis .	This is the fool who lent out money without charging interest .
I ’ ll prove mine honor and mine honesty Against thee presently if thou dar ’ st stand .	I ’ ll prove that I ’ m an honest man and a man of honor if you dare defend yourself .
Go , borrow me a crow .	Go get me a crow .
Though you have put me into darkness and given your drunken cousin rule over me , yet have I the benefit of my senses as well as your Ladyship .	You ’ ve shut me up in a dark room and given your drunken cousin authority over me , but I ’ m as sane as you are .
The very place puts toys of desperation , Without more motive , into every brain That looks so many fathoms to the sea And hears it roar beneath .	The very place puts desperate ideas , Without any motive , into every brain That looks so many fathoms into the sea And hears it roar beneath .
Sawst thou the melancholy Lord Northumberland ?	Did you see the gloomy Lord Northumberland ?
He sought my life , But lately , very late .	He tried to kill me recently , very recently .
Why , whither shall we go ?	But where will we go ?
Is 't far you ride ?	Are you riding far ?
Thou coward , art thou bragging to the stars , Telling the bushes that thou look 'st for wars , And wilt not come ?	You coward , are you bragging to the stars , Telling the bushes that you look for wars , But will not fight one ?
I pray you , speak not .	Please , don ’ t speak to him .
Let me not , Since I have my dukedom got And pardoned the deceiver , dwell In this bare island by your spell , But release me from my bands With the help of your good hands .	Release me So I can return to my dukedom With your help .
Who ?	You don ’ t know ?
We will try it .	We will try it .
Some wine , ho !	Bring in more wine !
I could munch your good dry oats .	I ’ d like to munch on some good dry oats .
His name !	His name !
Thy Clarence he is dead that stabbed my Edward , And the beholders of this frantic play , Th ' adulterate Hastings , Rivers , Vaughan , Grey , Untimely smothered in their dusky graves .	Your Clarence , who stabbed my Edward , is also dead .
God give me joy to wear it , for my heart is exceeding heavy .	I hope I enjoy wearing it , for my heart is very heavy .
Avaunt , thou witch ! — Come , Dromio , let us go .	Come , Dromio , let ’ s go .
But yet do I believe The origin and commencement of his grief Sprung from neglected love . — How now , Ophelia ?	But I still believe that his madness was caused by unrequited love . — Hello , Ophelia .
I never can see him but I am heartburned an hour after .	Just looking at him gives me heartburn .
And liegemen to the Dane .	And subjects of the Dane .
Do not you hear a cry ?	Didn ’ t you hear someone shouting ?
Certain , men should be what they seem .	Certainly , men should be what they seem .
A noble prisoner !	A noble prisoner !
What do you mean To dote thus on such luggage ?	What do you mean By being so stupidly fond like this on such goods ?
We ’ ll wait upon your lordship .	We ’ re at your service , my lord .
Tis two or three , my lord , that bring you word Macduff is fled to England .	Two or three men , my lord , who brought the message that Macduff has fled to England .
I ’ ll leave you , lady .	I ’ ll leave you , lady .
By the pricking of my thumbs , Something wicked this way comes .	I can tell that something wicked is coming by the tingling in my thumbs .
Tis a fair young man , and well attended .	He ’ s a good-looking young man , and there are a lot of people with him .
Look where they come .	Look at them .
With him I sent the queen , My reason all the same , and they are ready Tomorrow or at further space t ' appear Where you shall hold your session .	I sent the French queen with him too , for the same reason .
You were kneeled to and importuned otherwise By all of us , and the fair soul herself Weighed between loathness and obedience , at Which end o ' th ' beam should bow .	We all begged you not to go ahead with those marriage plans , and your lovely daughter struggled between disgust at marrying an African and the desire to obey you .
But , adieu !	But , goodbye !
And wished to see thee cross-gartered . ” Cross-gartered ?	And wanted to see you with laces crisscrossed over your legs . ” Crisscrossed ?
From top to toe ?	From head to toe ?
Cuckold me !	Unfaithful to me !
Neither .	No .
The air breathes upon us here most sweetly .	There ’ s always a breath of fresh air here .
I think ’ twas Soto that your Honor means .	I believe your Honor is thinking of a character called Soto .
They ’ ll tell the clock to any business that We say befits the hour .	They ’ ll set their watches to whatever time we say .
Not he that himself is not so , which is Mark Antony .	Not someone who doesn ’ t share that disposition , meaning Mark Antony .
Not I.	Not me .
I never saw the chain , so help me heaven , And this is false you burden me withal .	I never saw the necklace , so help me heaven !
What may you be ?	What are you ?
Good night , lieutenant , I must to the watch .	Good-night , lieutenant ; I must get going to the guard .
Idle old man That still would manage those authorities That he hath given away !	That useless old man still thinks he can wield all the powers he ’ s given away .
take thy forfeiture .	Take your penalty .
And so have I a noble father lost ; A sister driven into desperate terms , Whose worth , if praises may go back again , Stood challenger on mount of all the age For her perfections .	And so I have lost a noble father , A sister driven into insanity , Whose worth , if praises may go back again , Stood as a challenger to the most beautiful woman of all Time for her perfections .
Only give me leave , Unworthy as I am , to follow you .	Just let me follow behind you , even though I ’ m not good enough for you .
Lady , amen .	Lady , amen .
A pound of man ’ s flesh taken from a man Is not so estimable , profitable neither , As flesh of muttons , beefs , or goats .	A pound of human flesh taken isn ’ t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef .
Let us hear him .	Let ’ s hear him .
I will make fast the doors , and gild myself With some more ducats , and be with you straight .	I ’ ll secure the doors , and cover myself With some more dollars , and I ’ ll be with you right away .
O Bottom , thou art changed !	Oh , Bottom , you ’ ve changed !
This is my treasurer .	This is my treasurer .
Hark !	Listen !
Where be thy brothers ?	Your brothers ?
We are friends .	We ’ re friends !
The old man ’ s daughter told us all .	Leonato ’ s daughter had told us everything .
Yet I have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .	Yet I have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .
Most kind messenger , Say to great Caesar this in deputation : I kiss his conqu ’ ring hand .	Most kind messenger , tell great Caesar that through his deputy I kiss his conquering hand .
Worse and worse .	Worse and worse .
What have you done , my lord , with the dead body ?	What have you done , my lord , with the dead body ?
These three world-sharers , these competitors , Are in thy vessel .	The three who share the known world are aboard your boat .
I have said .	I ’ ve said what I have to say .
Ready .	Here .
Thou speak 'st with all thy wit , and yet , i ’ faith , With wit enough for thee .	You speak with all your wit , and yet , in faith , With wit enough for you .
Is he well shipped ?	Is his ship sturdy ?
To Ireland , I.	I ’ ll go to Ireland .
I ’ ll write straight to my sister To hold my very course .	I ’ ll write to my sister and tell her my plans .
We ’ ll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors .	We ’ ll bring him to his house with shouts and celebration !
Upon mine honour , sir , I heard a humming , And that a strange one too , which did awake me .	On my honor , sir , I heard a humming , And it was a strange one too , which woke me up .
Now you talk of a sheet of paper , I remember a pretty jest your daughter told .	Now that you speak of paper , I remember a funny story of Hero ’ s .
Forty thousand brothers Could not with all their quantity of love Make up my sum .	Forty thousand brothers , if you added all their love together , couldn ’ t match mine .
Not one , my lord .	Not one , my lord .
Beat him enough .	Beat him up .
Who is next ?	Who ’ s next ?
Then must I think you would not have it so .	Then I have to assume you don ’ t want him to be king .
Where they most breed and haunt , I have observed , The air is delicate .	I ’ ve noticed that they always like to settle and mate where the air is the nicest .
We ’ ll be friends first .	Not until we part as friends .
Finish , good lady .	It ’ s time to end it , good lady .
Where is the number of our English dead ?	Where is the number of our English dead ?
I 'll tell the news .	I 'll tell the news .
tis given out that , sleeping in mine orchard , A serpent stung me .	The story goes that , sleeping in my orchard , A serpent bit me .
Write to me very shortly , And you shall understand from me her mind .	Write to me very soon and I ’ ll let you know what she thinks .
Is there not charms By which the property of youth and maidhood May be abused ?	Are there magic spells that can lead young virgins astray ?
Wilt thou have me ?	Will you have me ?
That 's not so good now .	That 's not so good now .
So it appears by that I have to say .	I guess not — for good reason , as you ’ ll soon hear .
I am bound to your niece , sir .	I ’ m headed for your niece , sir .
Why , so : being gone , I am a man again .	Why , so ; Since you ’ ve gone , I am a man again .
Poor Turlygod ! ” “ Poor Tom ! ” — That ’ s something yet .	Well , at least that ’ s something .
Upon the corner of the moon There hangs a vap 'rous drop profound .	An important droplet is hanging from the corner of the moon .
Mark his condition and th ’ event ; then tell me If this might be a brother .	Listen to the situation and the event ; Then tell me if this might be a brother .
What means your grace ?	What do you mean , your highness ?
He does well to commend it himself .	It ’ s a good thing he ’ s here to recommend himself .
Or art thou but A dagger of the mind , a false creation , Proceeding from the heat-oppressed brain ?	Or are you only A dagger of the mind , a false creation , Proceeding from the brain oppressed by heat ?
But he comes armed in his fortune and prevents the slander of his wife .	See , the snail already has its horns , which prevents nasty rumors from spreading about his wife ’ s infidelity .
What dost thou mean ?	What do you mean ?
Wilt thou be fast to my hopes , if I depend on the issue ?	Will you be committed to my hopes , if I depend on you ?
Was 't Hamlet wrong 'd Laertes ?	Was it Hamlet who wronged Laertes ?
Vent my folly !	Blab my nonsense !
There must be conclusions .	There must be some resolution .
There could I have him now — and there — and there again — and there .	There ! … And over there ! … And over there !
Do .	Yes , do that .
An interlude !	What a farce !
Balm his foul head in warm distilled waters And burn sweet wood to make the lodging sweet .	Bathe his filthy head with warm , scented water .
Come , Antonio .	Come on , Antonio .
and lovers ' absent hours , More tedious than the dial eight score times ?	and lovers ' absent hours Being more tedious than the clock one hundred sixty times ?
Him and his worth and our great need of him You have right well conceited .	Yes , you ’ re absolutely right about how worthy Brutus is and how much we need him .
Had I not Four or five women once that tended me ?	Didn ’ t I once have Four , or five , women once , that took care of me ?
We are yet but young in deed .	We are still only youngsters in what we ’ re doing .
What ’ s the noise ?	What ’ s the trouble ?
Go , farewell .	Goodbye .
For the love of God , a surgeon !	For the love of God , call a doctor !
What shall I know of thee ?	What do you have to tell me ?
Hie therefore , Robin , overcast the night .	Hurry up , Robin , and make the night dark and cloudy .
Farewell , and thanks .	Farewell , and thanks .
The heavens forbid But that our loves and comforts should increase , Even as our days do grow .	God willing , our love and our happiness will only increase as we get older .
Happiest of all is that her gentle spirit Commits itself to yours to be directed As from her lord , her governor , her king .	I ’ m happiest of all that I ’ m yours now , my lord , my king , and you can guide me as you wish .
Hark !	Listen !
I will be correspondent to command And do my spiriting gently .	I ’ ll be obedient and do all my tasks without complaining .
You do assist the storm .	You ’ re helping the storm , not us .
I think it be .	I think so .
Shall we shog ?	Well , the Shall we get moving ?
The glow-worm shows the matin to be near And ' gins to pale his uneffectual fire .	The glowworm shows the morning is near , And he begins to put out his ineffective fire .
Thou canst not choose but know who I am .	You must have figured out who I am .
Twenty crowns ?	Twenty crowns ?
She might lie by an emperor 's side , and command him tasks .	She might lie by an emperor 's side and order him to work .
When the hurlyburly 's done ; When the battle 's lost and won .	When all the uproar is over , When the battle has been lost and won .
I find thee apt ; And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed That roots itself in ease on Lethe wharf , Wouldst thou not stir in this .	I find you ready , And if you were duller than the fat weed That rots itself in ease on the river bank , You wouldn ’ t move on this .
Soft , sir !	Hang on , sir !
Belike you slew great number of his people ?	You probably killed a lot of his men ?
I once did hold it , as our statists do , A baseness to write fair , and labour 'd much How to forget that learning ; but , sir , now It did me yeoman 's service .	I used to think , as our politicians do , A sin to make a forgery and worked hard at How to forget that learning , but , sir , now It did me a useful service .
Why , what wouldst thou do there before I go ?	Why , what is there to do before I get there ?
How oddly he is suited !	He was dressed so oddly too !
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
Lady , you know no rules of charity , Which renders good for bad , blessings for curses .	Dear woman , you don ’ t know the rules of charity .
Yours by this hand .	It was yours , I swear .
And my heart too .	And my heart too .
Why , what effects of passion shows she ?	Why , what symptoms of love does she exhibit ?
Take your place .	Please have a seat .
I see , sir , you are liberal in offers : You taught me first to beg ; and now , methinks , You teach me how a beggar should be answer 'd .	I see , sir , you are free in making offers ; You taught me to beg first , and now I think You teach me how to answer a beggar .
What have I kept back ?	What did I keep for myself ?
One , sir , that for his love dares yet do more Than you have heard him brag to you he will .	In fact , I ’ d do even more to him than what you ’ ve heard him promise to do .
In the meantime , let me be that I am , and seek not to alter me .	Until that happens , let me be who I am and don ’ t try to change me .
No , he doth but mistake the truth totally .	No , he just gets reality completely wrong .
Oh , behold How pomp is followed !	Oh , just see what happens after the pageantry is over !
Do you like me , Kate ?	Do you like me , Kate ?
Infected be the air whereon they ride , And damn 'd all those that trust them !	Let the air they ride on be infected And let all those that trust them be damned !
Fortune pursue thee !	May good luck follow you !
My lord , I did intend it .	That ’ s what I thought too , sir .
Bate , I beseech you , widow Dido .	I beg your pardon , except for the widow Dido .
Chill pick your teeth , zir .	I ’ ll knock your teeth out , sir .
Touch her soft mouth , and march .	Kiss her soft mouth , and we ’ ll be off .
I would do much To atone them , for the love I bear to Cassio .	I would do a lot To reconcile them , for the love I bear to Cassio .
A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes .	A tomb Must cover your sweet eyes .
O , lady , lady , shame would have it hid .	Oh , my lady , I ’ m ashamed to admit it .
How now , my love ?	What ’ s going on , my love ?
I will , my lord .	I will , sir .
Even so ?	Is this true ?
Fie , Demetrius !	Shame on you , Demetrius !
O Iras , Charmian !	Oh , Iras , Charmian !
The last was I that felt thy tyranny .	Did I do anything good to myself ?
That 's one of them .	That 's one of them .
You should be ruled and led By some discretion that discerns your state Better than you yourself .	You should let others take care of you and submit to people who know better than you do what ’ s good for you .
Or shall I say her uncle ?	Or should I say it ’ s her uncle ?
I do beseech your Grace to pardon me , and withal Forbear your conference with the noble duke .	I beg your
I do love nothing in the world so well as you .	There is nothing in the world that I love as much as you .
And the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than their even Christian .	And the more pity that great folk should have countenance in this world to drown or hang themselves more than another Christian .
To visit you , my lord ; no other occasion .	To visit you , my lord , no other occasion .
Sola !	Hey !
Bear with my weakness .	Please put up with my weakness .
There ’ s strange news come , sir .	Some startling news has just arrived , sir .
Besides , it should appear , that if he had The present money to discharge the Jew , He would not take it .	Besides , it seems that , even if he had The money right now to pay the Jew , He wouldn ’ t take it .
Keep your purse .	Keep your money .
I rather tell thee what is to be fear 'd Than what I fear , for always I am Caesar .	I would rather tell you what to be afraid of More than what I am afraid of , for I ’ m always Caesar .
Tis Caesar that you mean , is it not , Cassius ?	It ’ s Caesar that you mean , isn ’ t it , Cassius ?
Thou art sure of me .	You can trust me .
Who 's there , in th ’ other devil 's name ?	Who 's there , in the other devil 's name ?
Alas now , pray you , Work not so hard .	Now , please , I beg you , don ’ t work so hard .
His spirits hear me And yet I needs must curse .	His spirits are listening to me , but I can ’ t help cursing him anyway .
Never trust me , then .	Never trust me again if I don ’ t .
Come , Desdemona , Once more well met at Cyprus .	Come , Desdemona , Once more happily brought to Cyprus .
But she is none .	But she is no virgin .
That ’ s a perilous shot out of an elder gun , that a poor and private displeasure can do against a monarch .	That ’ s a lame threat from a toy gun , a poor individual ’ s private displeasure with a monarch .
Yet but three ?	Only three so far ?
It is the wittiest partition that ever I heard discourse , my lord .	It ’ s the smartest partition I ’ ve ever heard speak , my lord .
How now , Roderigo !	What now , Roderigo !
Hover about her ; say that right for right Hath dimmed your infant morn to agèd night .	Hover about her and tell her she got what she deserved , with her children dead before their time .
Thither I must , although against my will , For servants must their masters ' minds fulfill .	But I must go there , against my will : servants must fulfill their masters ' wishes .
I will read it . — How much unlike art thou to Portia !	I ’ ll read it . — It looks so unlike Portia !
Was not that Cassio parted from my wife ?	Wasn ’ t that Cassio leaving my wife ?
I am in blood Stepp 'd in so far that , should I wade no more , Returning were as tedious as go o 'er .	I am now so far Stepped in blood that , if I don ’ t wade in it any more , It doesn ’ t matter if I am getting out of it or going over it .
I shall , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Her love to both Would each to other and all loves to both Draw after her .	Since she would love both of you , you two would be joined in that love .
I think I did , sir .	I think I did , sir .
Why , look you , how you storm !	Why , look , how you get angry !
Or wilt thou hunt ?	You ’ re busted .
If our father carry authority with such dispositions as he bears , this last surrender of his will but offend us .	If our father continues to use his authority as usual , then his recent abdication of the kingdom will just hurt us .
I am so lated in the world that I Have lost my way forever .	I ’ m completely lost .
Is ’ t not well done ?	It ’ s pretty well done , isn ’ t it ?
Or be alive again , And dare me to the desert with thy sword .	Or come back to life again and challenge me to a duel in some deserted place .
She ’ s framed as fruitful As the free elements .	She ’ s full of good intentions .
Welcome , my good friends .	Welcome , my good friends !
What say ’ st thou , noble heart ?	What do you have to say , noble friend ?
Adieu , good Queen .	Good-bye , good Queen .
Wash your hands .	Wash your hands .
Believe me , I had rather have lost my purse Full of crusadoes .	Believe me , I ’ d rather have lost a purse full of gold coins .
Call forth my household servants .	Call out my household servants .
Here is a place reserved , sir .	Here ’ s an empty seat , sir .
O , that 's an honest fellow .	O , that 's an honest fellow .
I mean that my heart unto yours is knit So that but one heart we can make of it .	I just meant that our hearts are joined , so we can almost think of them as one heart .
As the time , the place , and the condition of this country stands , I could heartily wish this had not befallen ; but since it is as it is , mend it for your own good .	As the time , the place , and the condition of this country stands , I could heartily wish this had not happen , but since it is what it is , fix it for your own good .
In himself he is ; But in this kind , wanting your father 's voice , The other must be held the worthier .	In any other case , he is .
Most gracious Duke , To my unfolding lend your prosperous ear .	Very gracious duke , Listen with a gracious ear to my request , And let me find a contract in your voice To assist my simpleness .
We 'll put on those shall praise your excellence And set a double varnish on the fame The Frenchman gave you , bring you in fine together And wager on your heads .	We 'll start rumors that praise your excellence And exaggerate the fame The Frenchman gave you , bring you together in the end , And place bets on your fight .
I was born free as Caesar .	I was born as free as Caesar .
Indeed ?	Indeed ?
Dear general , I never gave you cause .	Dear general , I never gave you any reason .
This is the day wherein I wished to fall By the false faith of him who most I trusted .	This is the day I ’ m going to get what I wished for when I wished that the person I most trusted would betray me .
These things sting His mind so venomously that burning shame Detains him from Cordelia .	All those memories pain his mind so deeply that guilt and shame keep him away from Cordelia .
But of that tomorrow , When therewithal we shall have cause of state Craving us jointly .	But we can talk more about that tomorrow , when we ’ ll discuss matters of state that concern us both .
Go , sirrah , take them to the buttery And give them friendly welcome every one .	Go , lad , and take them to the pantry .
I have made it for you .	Whatever you want — I made it for you .
The wall , methinks , being sensible , should curse again .	Since the wall is conscious , it should curse back at him .
Answer me directly .	Just tell me that .
If I owe you anything , I will pay you in cudgels .	If I owe you anything , I ’ ll pay you in clubbings .
Bring him with triumph home unto his house .	Bring him home with triumph to his house .
What , the fair Ophelia ?	What , the fair Ophelia ?
It will be rain tonight .	There will be rain tonight .
No , my lord , I saw nothing .	No , my lord , I saw nothing .
Come , sit on me .	Come sit on me .
And I.	Me too .
these foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit : adieu !	these foolish drops drown my manly spirit somewhat ; goodbye !
Hark !	Listen !
The wolves have preyed , and look , the gentle day , Before the wheels of Phoebus , round about Dapples the drowsy east with spots of grey .	The wolves have finished preying for the night , and look — the gentle dawn is rising , dappling the sleepy eastern sky with spots of light .
That will I do .	I ’ ll do that .
My more particular , And that which most with you should safe my going , Is Fulvia ’ s death .	But my personal motivation — and that which should move you most to sanction my departure — is that Fulvia is dead .
My Lord Constable , the armor that I saw in your tent tonight , are those stars or suns upon it ?	My Lord Constable , are those stars or suns I saw on the armor in your tent tonight ?
I 'll show thee the best springs ; I 'll pluck thee berries ; I 'll fish for thee , and get thee wood enough .	I 'll show you the best springs ; I 'll pluck you berries ; I 'll fish for you , and get you enough wood .
I have none .	I have none .
Get you away ; I 'll send for you anon .	Go away ; I 'll send for you soon .
Strange things I have in head that will to hand , Which must be acted ere they may be scann 'd .	I have strange things in my head that need to be figured out , Which must be done quickly before others look at them closely .
What ’ s else to say ? — These quicksands , Lepidus , Keep off them , for you sink .	What else can I say ?
And most dear actors , eat no onions nor garlic , for we are to utter sweet breath .	And no one eat any onions or garlic .
This it is : ' Tis better that the enemy seek us .	Here ’ s why : it ’ d be better for the enemy to come after us .
What hath he said ?	What did he say ?
Look then to be well edified when the fool delivers the madman .	There ’ s a lot to learn when a fool recites the words of a madman .
Try what repentance can .	I ’ ll see what being sorry does .
It is engender 'd .	It is born .
Let me come to her .	Let me get her .
You shall , Mark Antony .	You may , Mark Antony .
My honored lord !	My lord !
Words before blows .	Words before fighting .
Speak not against it .	Don ’ t argue against it .
Where did you leave him ?	Where did you leave him ?
If his cause be wrong , our obedience to the king wipes the crime of it out of us .	If his cause is wrong , our obedience to the king clears us of responsibility for it .
None , Brutus , none .	None , Brutus , none .
Come , Kate , we ’ ll to bed .	Come , Kate , let ’ s go to bed .
Do thy office .	Do your job .
How intend you , “ practiced ” ?	How do you mean , “ conspired ” ?
I did enact Julius Caesar .	I played Julius Caesar .
Have you scored me ?	Have you played me ?
You are dull , Casca , and those sparks of life That should be in a Roman you do want , Or else you use not .	You ’ re not too sharp , Casca , and those sparks of life That should be in a Roman , you want , Or else , you don ’ t use what you have .
Dost thou hear , my honest friend ?	Did you hear , my honest friend ?
Now might I do it pat .	I could do it easily now .
We will have such a prologue , and it shall be written in eight and six .	We ’ ll write it in alternating eight- and six-syllable lines , just like in a ballad .
You know me well , and herein spend but time , To wind about my love with circumstance ; And , out of doubt , you do me now more wrong In making question of my uttermost , Than if you had made waste of all I have .	You know me well , and waste time here To twist a story about my friendship with examples ; And , no doubt , you insult me By questioning the limits of my friendship As if you had wasted everything I have .
And I was going to your lodging , Cassio .	And I was just going to yours .
None , man ; all idle : whores and knaves .	None , man : all are idle whores and rogues .
Thou liest ; thou canst not .	You lie : you can ’ t .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Speak ; tell me .	Speak ; tell me .
O , I am out of breath in this fond chase !	Oh , I am out of breath in this happy chase !
Poor painted queen , vain flourish of my fortune , Why strew ’ st thou sugar on that bottled spider , Whose deadly web ensnareth thee about ?	Poor imitation queen , why do you align yourself with this humpbacked spider when he ’ s got you trapped in his deadly web ?
Had you been as wise as bold , Young in limbs , in judgment old , Your answer had not been inscrolled .	If you ’ d been as wise as you were bold , With an old man ’ s mature judgment , You wouldn ’ t have had to read this scroll .
I will tell you .	I ’ ll tell you .
Widow ?	Widow !
What grows of it , no matter .	Don ’ t worry about the consequences .
Halfway down Hangs one that gathers samphire — dreadful trade !	Halfway down the cliff there ’ s somebody clinging to the rock and gathering wild herbs — a risky business !
I hear their drum .	I hear their drums .
And this our life , exempt from public haunt , Finds tongues in trees , books in the running brooks , Sermons in stones , and good in everything .	You ’ re lucky , my lord , to be able to see the peace and sweetness even in what bad luck has brought you .
You dare easier be friends with me than fight with mine enemy .	How dare you try to be my friend when you refuse to fight my enemy .
My duty to you both , on equal love , Great kings of France and England .	Great kings of France and England , I owe you both equal service and loyalty .
And Cassius too .	And Cassius too .
What noise ?	What ’ s that noise ?
Where is my lord the duke of Gloucester ?	Where is my lord , the duke of Gloucester ?
O vassal !	Oh , you lowlife !
Love ?	Love !
Infer fair England ’ s peace by this alliance .	Claim fair England ’ s peace depends on this alliance .
It may well be called Jove ’ s tree when it drops forth such fruit .	That tree could be called God ’ s tree , since it drops such wonderful fruit .
Let her be thine , for we Have no such daughter , nor shall ever see That face of hers again .	She ’ s no longer my daughter , and I ’ ll never see her face again .
I know you two are rival enemies ; How comes this gentle concord in the world That hatred is so far from jealousy To sleep by hate , and fear no enmity ?	I know you two are rival enemies ; How does this gentle concord in the world come about , That hatred is so far from jealousy That you can sleep without fear ?
With all my heart , and it doth much content me To hear him so inclin 'd .	With all my heart , and it makes me happy To hear that he is so inclined .
What , ho !	what , ho !
Alas , the day !	Alas , the day !
The Lord protect him from that kingly title !	The Lord keep him from the title of king !
Is there more toil ?	Is there more work to do ?
Canst thou blame him ?	Can you blame him ?
You or any man living may be drunk at a time , man .	Any man can get drunk sometime .
O good Horatio , I 'll take the ghost 's word for a thousand pound !	O good Horatio , I ’ ll take the ghost 's word for as real as a thousand dollars !
Well , I ’ ll end the song . — Sirs , cover the while ; the duke will drink under this tree . — He hath been all this day to look you .	The duke will drink under this tree . — He ’ s been looking for you all day , you know .
Look , here comes the duke .	Look , here comes the duke .
What wicked and dissembling glass of mine Made me compare with Hermia 's sphery eyne ?	What wicked and lying mirror of mine Made me compare my eyes with Hermia 's ?
I thank you for your pains and courtesy .	I thank you all for your trouble and courtesy .
These many , then , shall die .	These ones , then , will be assassinated .
I am no fee ’ d post , lady .	I ’ m not a paid messenger , my lady .
There the men are as mad as he .	There the men are as crazy as he is .
Why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rawer breath ?	Why are we talking about him like this ?
For do but stand upon the foaming shore , The chidden billow seems to pelt the clouds , The wind-shaked surge , with high and monstrous mane , Seems to cast water on the burning bear , And quench the guards of th ' ever-fixèd pole .	The wind ’ s whipping up the waves so high you expect them to reach the clouds and splash against the stars in the sky .
Motley ’ s the only wear .	Motley is the only thing to wear .
Longer , longer .	Longer , longer .
I will , my lord , with all convenient haste .	I will my lord , as fast as I can .
Pray God , your voice , like a piece of uncurrent gold , be not cracked within the ring .	Pray God , your voice , like a an unused gold coin , can ’ t be cracked within the ring .
What a life is this That your poor friends must woo your company ?	What kind of life do you lead that your poor friends must beg for your company ?
Have you any commission from your lord to negotiate with my face ?	Has your lord given you any orders to negotiate with my face ?
I humbly thank you for ’ t .	I humbly thank you .
These evils thou repeat 'st upon thyself Have banish 'd me from Scotland .	These evils you repeat upon yourself Have banished me from Scotland .
I ’ ll have the work ta 'en out And give ’ t Iago .	I ’ ll copy the embroidery pattern and then give it to Iago .
You praise yourself By laying defects of judgment to me , but You patched up your excuses .	You defend yourself by blaming my judgment , but you ’ re just making up feeble excuses .
Well , if fortune be a woman , she 's a good wench for this gear . — Father , come .	Well , if Fortune is a woman , she 's a good woman for this guy .
Hear me , Queen : The strong necessity of time commands Our services awhile , but my full heart Remains in use with you .	There is an emergency I must take care of , but my whole heart will remain here with you .
Is ’ t frailty that thus errs ?	Is it a weakness ?
O , serve me well , and teach yourselves that duty !	Give me what I deserve , and do your duty !
I have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or thrice .	I ’ ve seen you bait and mock this man more than once .
Bring me to Octavius .	Take me to Octavius .
I delight in masques and revels sometimes altogether .	Sometimes all I want to do is see plays and go out dancing .
The night has been unruly .	The night has been chaotic .
Swear by her foot , that she may tread out the oath .	Swear by her foot , so she can stamp out the oath .
Pray you , avoid it .	Please avoid doing that .
She bids you come to her .	She says that you should come to her .
Coming from Sardis , on our former ensign Two mighty eagles fell , and there they perch 'd , Gorging and feeding from our soldiers ' hands , Who to Philippi here consorted us .	Coming from Sardis , two mighty eagles fell On our former ensign , and they perched there , Gorging and feeding from our soldiers ' hands ; Who were associated with us here in Philippi .
O monstrous act !	O monstrous act !
Only I say Things have been strangely borne .	All I ’ m saying is that strange things have been going on .
To her that is not here , nor doth not hear .	I ’ m saying it to the girl who isn ’ t here and doesn ’ t hear me .
I am more proud to be Sir Rowland ’ s son , His youngest son , and would not change that calling To be adopted heir to Frederick .	I ’ m proud to be Sir Rowland ’ s son — his youngest son — and I would never change that , not even to be Frederick ’ s adopted heir .
How silent is this town !	How silent is this town !
Drown 'd !	Drowned !
O most dear mistress , The sun will set before I shall discharge What I must strive to do .	Oh , my dear mistress , I won ’ t be able to finish this work until sunset at the earliest .
My lord , I do protest — O , do not swear !	My lord , I swear to you — Oh , don ’ t swear !
Know you not the cause ?	Didn ’ t you know ?
A wandering knight ?	A knight on a quest ?
Master , if you do , expect spoon meat ; or bespeak a long spoon .	Master , if you eat with her , bring really long silverware .
I must with haste from hence .	I have to leave right away .
Now die , die , die , die , die .	Now die , die , die , die , die .
There he is .	He ’ s right over there .
He is married ?	Is he really married ?
How if your husband start some otherwhere ?	What if your husband strays elsewhere ?
And good monsieur , have a care the honey bag break not .	Oh , and monsieur , be careful not to break the honey-sac .
See for the news .	Go find out the news .
I doubt not of his temperance .	I ’ m sure he will stay under control .
A wretched soul , bruised with adversity We bid be quiet when we hear it cry , But were we burdened with like weight of pain , As much or more we should ourselves complain .	When we ’ re faced with a wretched person , bruised and crying with hardship , we try to get them to shush up .
Think , my lord ?	Thinking , my lord ?
An if I could , what should I get therefore ?	And if I could , what should I get for saying so ?
The rest shall keep as they are .	Everyone else will have to stay single .
Take up the bodies .	Take up the bodies .
Enobarbus , Antony Hath after thee sent all thy treasure , with His bounty overplus .	Enobarbus , Antony has sent you all your treasure , with generous gifts besides .
Withdraw ; I hear him coming .	Hide , I hear him coming .
They are winged .	They have wings .
Egypt , thou knew ’ st too well My heart was to thy rudder tied by th ’ strings , And thou shouldst tow me after .	Queen , you knew very well that my heart was tied to your ship and that you would pull me along with you .
This shall make Our purpose necessary and not envious , Which so appearing to the common eyes , We shall be called purgers , not murderers .	This will make our actions seem practical and not vengeful .
Do you know them ?	Do you know them ?
What say you , Bottom ?	What do you think , Bottom ?
The Moor hath killed my mistress !	The Moor ’ s killed my mistress !
We came hither to fight with you .	We came here to fight against you .
Come , my spade !	Come , my spade .
We shall not spend a large expense of time Before we reckon with your several loves , And make us even with you .	We shall not waste time Before we make an accounting of your separate loves , And make us even with you .
I cry you mercy , uncle . — By your Grace ’ s pardon .	Oh , yes , I ’ m sorry , uncle . — If you ’ ll excuse me , your grace .
No remedy , my lord , when walls are so wilful to hear without warning .	No remedy , my lord , when walls are so willful to hear without warning .
A witty mother !	It ’ s born of my A witty mother !
Here ’ s to thee , Menas !	Here ’ s to you , Menas .
Nay , he rubs himself with civet .	And he ’ s rubbed himself with perfume .
Casca will tell us what the matter is .	Casca will tell us what ’ s wrong .
Is Clarence dead ?	Is Clarence dead ?
Would you buy her , that you enquire after her ?	Are you thinking of buying her ?
O my dear Orlando , how it grieves me to see thee wear thy heart in a scarf .	Oh , darling Orlando , it ’ s so hard to see you wearing your heart in a sling .
Marry , it is your brother ’ s right hand .	Your brother ’ s right-hand man .
Within this half hour will he be asleep .	In a half an hour he ’ ll be asleep .
Oh , rarely base !	Oh , that was unbelievably low !
My brother killed no man ; his fault was thought , And yet his punishment was bitter death .	But his punishment was bitter death .
This doth betoken The corse they follow did with desperate hand Fordo its own life .	Who are they following ?
No further , sir .	I can ’ t go any further , sir .
By heaven , you do me wrong !	I swear to God you ’ re accusing me wrongly !
I am not drunk now ; I can stand well enough , and I speak well enough .	I am not drunk now ; I can stand well enough , and I speak well enough .
Look in upon me then and speak with me , Or , naked as I am , I will assault thee .	Look in on me , and talk with me , or I ’ ll attack even without a weapon .
Alas , the storm is come again !	Oh , here comes the storm again .
It was he That made the overture of thy treasons to us , Who is too good to pity thee .	He ’ s too good to have any compassion for you .
Let them curtsy with their left legs , and not presume to touch a hair of my master ’ s horse-tail till they kiss their hands .	Have them click their heels together and don ’ t dare touch a hair of the master ’ s horse ’ s tail till they kiss their hands .
Let him alone .	Leave him alone .
Good night .	Good-night .
Now could I drink hot blood , And do such bitter business as the day Would quake to look on .	Now I could drink hot blood , And do such wicked deed that the day Would shake nervously to see .
I mean in singing .	I ’ m really a pitiful singer .
Sirs , I will practice on this drunken man .	What do you think ?
Haste thee for thy life .	Run as if your life depended on it .
To be now a sensible man , by and by a fool , and presently a beast !	I was a reasonable man , then I became a fool , and finally a beast !
It is gone .	It ’ s gone .
She doth well .	She ’ s probably right .
Corinth first .	Antipholus , aren ’ t you originally from Corinth ?
An if I be , sir , is it any offense ?	What if I am ?
Good madonna , why mournest thou ?	My dear madam , why are you in mourning ?
What if a man bring him a hundred pound or two to make merry withal ?	What if a fellow were bringing him a couple of hundred pounds to toss around ?
All thy tediousness on me , ah ?	Oh , so you ’ d give me all your tediousness ?
Art thou good at these kickshawses , knight ?	Are you good at those kinds of things ?
Is she to be buried in Christian burial that wilfully seeks her own salvation ?	Is she to be buried in Christian burial when she wilfully seeks her own salvation ?
How now , sir ?	So , sir .
Nothing certainer .	Exactly right .
I ’ ll plague him .	I ’ ll hound him .
O thou invisible spirit of wine , if thou hast no name to be known by , let us call thee devil !	O you invisible spirit of wine , if you don ’ t have a name to be known by , let ’ s call you devil !
Worse and worse .	Worse and worse !
No marvel then , though he were ill affected .	Then it ’ s no surprise they had a bad influence on him .
No , Cassius , for the eye sees not itself But by reflection , by some other things .	No , Cassius , because the eye can only see itself In a mirror or by some other thing like it .
What I am and what I would are as secret as maidenhead .	Who I am and what I want are a secret .
Those are the raised father and his friends .	Those are the awakened father and his friends .
This green plot shall be our stage , this hawthorn-brake our tiring-house ; and we will do it in action , as we will do it before the Duke .	This green plot shall be our stage , this hawthorn bush our dressing room , and we will do it just as we will do it before the duke .
Read the will ; we 'll hear it , Antony .	Read the will !
And so it is .	It is .
Rosalind is your love ’ s name ?	Your love ’ s name is Rosalind ?
No more , cousin .	Enough , cousin .
Sweet Prince , you learn me noble thankfulness . — There , Leonato , take her back again .	There , Leonato , take your daughter back .
Thou canst not fear us , Pompey , with thy sails .	Pompey , you cannot frighten us with your navy .
Judgment ?	Referee !
Fool , I say !	Fool , I say !
For whose sake did I that ill deed ?	But for whose sake did I do that sick deed ?
Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him .	You speak absolutely correctly , sir .
a fig !	A fig !
Think you but that I know our state secure , I would be so triumphant as I am ?	Do you think I would be feeling as triumphant as I am if I didn ’ t know that our situation was secure ?
Tis Banquo 's then .	Then it ’ s Banquo 's .
Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damn 'd , Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell , Be thy intents wicked or charitable , Thou comest in such a questionable shape That I will speak to thee .	Whether you are a spirit of health or a goblin damned , Bringing with you airs from heaven or blasts from hell , Whether your intentions are wicked or charitable , You come in such a questionable shape That I will speak to you .
Then be thou jocund .	So be cheerful .
This grief is crowned with consolation .	But in this way , grief and comfort appear together .
I will make myself known to Desdemona .	I ’ m going to tell Desdemona my feelings .
You or any man living may be drunk at some time , man .	You , or any man living , may be drunk at a time , man .
What , Rome ?	What , Rome ?
Hers you are .	You belong to her .
Maintain a mourning ostentation , And on your family ’ s old monument Hang mournful epitaphs and do all rites That appertain unto a burial .	Make a bug show of mourning for her , hang sad epitaphs up at your family ’ s tomb , and perform all the appropriate burial ceremonies .
Well said , old mole !	You said it right , old mole .
We will meet , and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .	We ’ ll be there , and there we ’ ll rehearse courageously and wonderfully , truly obscenely .
We defy augury .	I thumb my nose at superstitions .
Unless you could teach me to forget a banished father , you must not learn me how to remember any extraordinary pleasure .	Unless you can also teach me how to forget my banished father , you shouldn ’ t try to teach me how to be happy .
Oh !	Oh !
What foul play had we that we came from thence ?	What evil things were done to us that we were driven here ?
The greater part , the horse in general , Are come with Cassius .	The larger part , the main body of cavalry , are coming with Cassius .
If that his Majesty would aught with us , We shall express our duty in his eye ; And let him know so .	If his majesty has anything for us to do , We shall express our duty in person , And let him know so .
You must not think That we are made of stuff so flat and dull That we can let our beard be shook with danger , And think it pastime .	You mustn ’ t think That we are made of stuff so flat and dull That we can let our power be shaken with danger , And think it unimportant .
A trade , sir , that I hope I may use with a safe conscience , which is , indeed , sir , a mender of bad soles .	It is a trade , sir , that I practice with a clear conscience .
I would your duty were as foolish too .	I wish your loyalty were as foolish .
Will you two help to hasten them ?	Will you two help them get ready ?
Rome , thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods !	Rome , there are no more people of noble bloods in you !
And for three months .	And for three months .
Let her hang me .	So let her execute me .
O Antony , Antony , Antony !	Oh , Antony , Antony , Antony !
Thou speak ’ st with all thy wit ; and yet , i ' faith , With wit enough for thee .	You talk like a child , but you ’ re very smart anyway .
Where is she now ? — What , will these hands ne 'er be clean ? — No more o ' that , my lord , no more o ' that .	Where is she now ? — What , will my hands never be clean ? — No more of that , my lord , no more of that .
I found it in my chamber ; And he himself confess 'd but even now That there he dropp 'd it for a special purpose Which wrought to his desire .	I found it in my bedroom ; And he himself confessed just now That he dropped it there for a special purpose Which would be bent to his desires .
Helen , to you our minds we will unfold .	Helena , we ’ ll tell you about our secret plan .
First , forward to the temple ; after dinner Your hazard shall be made .	First , forward to the temple : after dinner Your choice shall be made .
Tis good we do so .	It ’ s good we ’ re doing this .
Come , let us to the castle .	Let ’ s go up to the castle .
And is it physical To walk unbracèd and suck up the humors Of the dank morning ?	And is it healthy to walk uncovered and breathe in the dampness of the morning ?
Yare !	Quick !
Not that I know .	Not that I know of .
Indeed , without an oath , I 'll make an end on 't !	Indeed , la , without an oath , I ’ ll make an end on it .
How now , Roderigo !	What ’ s up , Roderigo !
that ; And then , I grant , we put a sting in him That at his will he may do danger with .	And then , I admit , he may do danger , at his will , with A sting that we put in him .
How now , Fluellen , cam ’ st thou from the bridge ?	Tell me , Fluellen : did you just come from the bridge ?
That you do love me , I am nothing jealous ; What you would work me to , I have some aim .	I ’ m not angry that you ’ re my friend ; As for what you ’ re persuading me to do , I have some plans .
About your years , my lord .	About as old as you are , my lord .
Why ?	Why do you say that ?
By 'r lakin , a parlous fear .	Damn , a risky business .
It may be , these apparent prodigies , The unaccustomed terror of this night , And the persuasion of his augurers May hold him from the Capitol today .	It might happen that these strange signs , the unusual terror of this night , and the urgings of his fortune-tellers will keep him away from the Capitol today .
My good lords both , with all the heed I can .	My good lords , I plan to .
This bond doth give thee here no jot of blood .	This contract doesn ’ t give you any blood at all .
You all did see that on the Lupercal I thrice presented him a kingly crown , Which he did thrice refuse .	You all saw that , on the feast of the priest Lupercus , I presented a kingly crown to him three times , Which he refused three times .
Oh , there has been much throwing about of brains .	Oh , there ’ s been a lot of quarreling .
I should not then ask Casca what had chanced .	If I was , then I shouldn ’ t ask Casca what had happened .
O piteous spectacle !	O piteous spectacle !
My father 's spirit in arms !	My father 's spirit in arms !
That young swain that you saw here but erewhile , That little cares for buying anything .	That young man who was just here .
Alack , for pity !	A pity that it should be so !
Pray you , be careful .	Please be careful .
Not when I saw ’ t .	Not the time I saw it .
And your horse now would make him an ass .	He ’ s going to look like a total idiot .
As I suck blood , I will some mercy show .	As I get to leech him , I will show some mercy .
Well-a-day that you were , sir .	If only you were , sir .
And you , good yeoman , Whose limbs were made in England , show us here The mettle of your pasture .	And you , good farmers , whose limbs were made in England , show us here the vigor of your upbringing .
Your hand , Leonato .	Give me your hand , Leonato .
As you shall prove us , praise us .	Judge for yourself .
Tis proper I obey him , but not now .	I know I ought to obey my husband , but not now .
He dies !	I ’ ll kill him !
Casca , by your voice .	Casca , I can tell by your voice .
Faith , no ; as you may season it in the charge .	Just as you mention it in the charge .
I have as much of my father in me as you , albeit , I confess , your coming before me is nearer to his reverence .	I have as much of our father in me as you do , though I admit you ’ re closer to him and matter more because you ’ re older .
But first I will release the fairy queen .	But first , I will release the fairy queen .
Naught that I am , Not for their own demerits , but for mine , Fell slaughter on their souls .	Nothing that I am , Not for their own sins , only for mine , Cruel slaughter on their souls .
Now , I ’ ll stand to it , the pancakes were naught and the mustard was good , and yet was not the knight forsworn .	Now , I ’ ll swear to the opposite — that the pancakes were rotten , and the mustard was fine — but even so , the knight wasn ’ t lying .
The Emperor calls Canidius .	The Emperor is calling for Canidius .
Was that done like Cassius ?	Was that the Caius Cassius that I knew ?
Fare you well , boy .	Goodbye , boy .
What ’ s the disease he means ?	What disease is he talking about ?
Give me any gage of thine , and I will wear it in my bonnet .	Give me some trinket of yours , and I will wear it in my hat .
One way I like this well .	Did he lose his other eye ?
And now they do re-stem Their backward course , bearing with frank appearance Their purposes toward Cyprus .	Now they ’ ve turned around and are clearly heading for Cyprus .
Most heathenish and most gross !	Very heathenish and very gross !
Sleep a little .	Get a little sleep .
Let me alone .	Leave me for a bit .
Cure her of that .	Cure her of that .
I charge you , get you home .	I order you , go home .
No , my profound heart .	No , madam .
Young fry of treachery !	Young child of treachery !
What , with Lysander ?	What , you ’ re leaving it with Lysander ?
Good morrow , Kate — for that ’ s your name , I hear .	Good morning , Kate , for I hear that ’ s what you ’ re called .
Whoe 'er he be that in this foul proceeding Hath thus beguiled your daughter of herself And you of her , the bloody book of law You shall yourself read in the bitter letter After your own sense .	Whoever he is that , in this disgusting event , Has tricked your daughter of herself like this , And you of her , the bloody book of law You shall read yourself to the bitter letter of it As you see fit .
Why should the poor be flattered ?	Why would anyone flatter a poor person ?
Even for that I thank you ; Therefore , I pray you , lead me to the caskets , To try my fortune .	I thank you , even for that : So , please , lead me to the chests so I may Try my luck .
Since my dear soul was mistress of her choice , And could of men distinguish her election , Sh 'hath seal 'd thee for herself .	Since my dear soul controlled her choice , And could recognize men of truth , her choice Has taken you for herself .
That head , my lord ?	Your head , my lord ?
I am glad on 't ; ' tis a worthy governor .	I am glad of it .
But it is doubtful yet Whether Caesar will come forth today or no , For he is superstitious grown of late , Quite from the main opinion he held once Of fantasy , of dreams and ceremonies .	But it is still doubtful Whether Caesar will come out today or not , Because he ’ s grown superstitious lately , Quite a distance from the main opinion he once held About fantasy , dreams , and ceremonies .
O , balmy breath , that dost almost persuade Justice to break her sword !	O , balmy breath , that almost persuades Justice to break her sword !
And so doth mine .	Mine , too .
He hath some meaning in his mad attire .	He must be wearing this crazy outfit for some reason .
Twas yet some comfort When misery could beguile the tyrant ’ s rage And frustrate his proud will .	It used to be the last ditch comfort of miserable people .
O Scotland , Scotland !	O Scotland , Scotland !
Very well .	All right .
Where are these hearts ?	Where are my good fellows ?
Get horses for your mistress .	Prepare the horses for your lady .
There ’ s no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature .	There may be a time for everything , but no man who has gone bald naturally can get his hair back .
Go , coward as thou art .	Go , coward that you are .
Tis strange .	It ’ s weird .
As far , my lord , as will fill up the time ' Twixt this and supper .	I ’ m going far enough that I ’ ll be riding from now until dinner .
Stand back .	Stand back .
Farewell , kind master .	Farewell , kind master .
I am glad to see you well .	I am glad to see you well .
But where tomorrow ?	But where will I lie tomorrow ?
Then did they imitate that which I composed to my courser , for my horse is my mistress .	Then the writer imitated the one I composed to my steed , for my horse is my mistress .
Lo , where it comes again .	It has come again .
Great happiness !	Great happiness !
I come to bury Caesar , not to praise him .	I have come here to bury Caesar , not to praise him .
Spirits , which by mine art I have from their confines called to enact My present fancies .	Yes , they ’ re spirits that I ’ ve called out of their prisons to perform my whims .
Horatio , thou art e 'en as just a man As e 'er my conversation cop 'd withal .	Horatio , you are just like the man That my conversation just now praised .
This only is the witchcraft I have used .	This is the only witchcraft I have used .
Shall we call in th ' ambassador , my liege ?	Shall we call in the ambassador , my liege ?
Wherefore rise you now ?	Why are you up now ?
What is it thou didst say ?	What did you say ?
I ’ ll humbly signify what in his name , That magical word of war , we have effected : How with his banners and his well-paid ranks The ne ’ er-yet-beaten horse of Parthia We have jaded out o ’ th ’ field .	I ’ ll write how , under his flag and with his well-paid troops , we have beaten the formerly unvanquished Parthia .
If circumstances lead me , I will find Where truth is hid , though it were hid indeed Within the centre .	If get the opportunity , I will find Where truth is hidden , though it were hidden indeed Within the centre of the man .
Ha !	Ha !
I fear it , I promise you .	I ’ m really worried about that .
Where is Metellus Cimber ?	Where ’ s Metellus Cimber ?
No .	No .
I will see them .	I will see them .
It cannot be .	It ’ s impossible .
Nor will you not tell me who you are ?	And you won ’ t tell me who you are ?
My husband lost his life to get the crown , And often up and down my sons were tossed For me to joy , and weep , their gain and loss .	My husband lost his life to get the crown , and my sons ' fortunes have been tossed up and down , leaving me to rejoice over their victories and weep over their losses .
Live thou , I live .	If you survive , I ’ ll live .
Soon may I hear and see him .	I hope I see him and hear him again soon .
Oh , ay , as summer flies are in the shambles , That quicken even with blowing .	As faithful as flies in rotting meat , which give birth to maggots every time the wind blows .
We ’ ll bury him , and then , what ’ s brave , what ’ s noble , Let ’ s do ’ t after the high Roman fashion And make death proud to take us .	We ’ ll bury him , and then we ’ ll commit acts as brave and fine as any Romans , and make death proud to take us .
Descend .	Descend .
Is thy name William ?	Is your name William ?
But since it is as it is , mend it for your own good .	But since this has happened , you should fix it for your own good .
Very good !	Very good !
Hark , now I hear them .	Listen , I hear them .
I shall grow jealous of you shortly , Launcelot , if you thus get my wife into corners .	I shall grow jealous of you shortly , Launcelot , if you thus get my wife into corners .
But how long fairly shall her sweet life last ?	But how long will her beautiful life last ?
I did , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Ay , madam .	Yes , madam .
I remember .	Yes , I remember .
Methinks he hath no drowning mark upon him ; his complexion is perfect gallows .	I don ’ t think he has been marked for drowning : his complexion is perfect for being hanged .
What need you five and twenty , ten , or five To follow in a house where twice so many Have a command to tend you ?	Why do you need twenty-five knights , or ten , or even five , when you ’ re staying in a house with a staff of double that at your service ?
I doubt some foul play .	I suspect some foul play .
Sister , where thou ?	And you , sister ?
O monstrous world !	What a horrible world we live in !
Poor Desdemon !	Poor Desdemona !
Pay him six thousand , and deface the bond ; Double six thousand , and then treble that , Before a friend of this description Shall lose a hair through Bassanio 's fault .	Pay him six thousand , and destroy the promise to pay ; Double six thousand , and then treble that , Before a friend of this description Loses a hair because of Bassanio .
I will catechize the world for him ; that is , make ques- tions and by them answer .	I will preach to the world for him ; that is , make questions and answer them .
Therefore prepare thee to cut off the flesh .	So , get ready to cut off the flesh .
Talk you of killing ?	You talk about killing ?
It was as I have seen it in his life , A sable silvered .	It was , as I have seen it in his life , A silvery sable .
Thou speak 'st it well .	You speak well .
ay .	Yes .
To tell thee thou shalt see me at Philippi .	To tell you that you shall see me at Philippi .
What 's your will ?	What can I do for you ?
My name is Proculeius .	My name is Proculeius .
These good fellows will bring thee where I am .	These good fellows will bring you to where I am .
Tis worse than murder To do upon respect such violent outrage .	It ’ s worse than murder to humiliate a king ’ s messenger like this .
What ceremony else ?	What other ceremony ?
how infinite in faculty !	how infinite in faculties !
But art not thou thyself giddy with the fashion too , that thou hast shifted out of thy tale into telling me of the fashion ?	But you ’ re all wound up about fashion , too .
Are you fair ?	Are you beautiful ?
Take you , as ’ twere , some distant knowledge of him , As thus : “ I know his father and his friends , And , in part , him . ” Do you mark this , Reynaldo ?	Do you get what I ’ m saying , Reynaldo ?
What says the silver with her virgin hue ?	What does the silver one say ?
says the fiend ; away !	Go ! ” says the devil ; “ Away ! ” says the devil .
Say to the King the knowledge of the broil As thou didst leave it .	Tell the king what you know about the battle When you left it .
Are you his brother ?	Are you his brother ?
O , yes , and soundless too , For you have stol 'n their buzzing , Antony , And very wisely threat before you sting .	O , yes , and soundless too , Because you ’ ve stolen their buzzing , Antony , And very wisely threaten before you sting .
We first address towards you , who with this king Hath rivaled for our daughter .	You ’ ve been competing with this king for my daughter .
What would she have ?	What is it ?
Sir , being his knave , I will .	But since you ’ re his scoundrel servant , I will .
And that most deeply to consider is The beauty of his daughter .	The most important thing for you to think about is how beautiful his daughter is .
If such tricks as these strip you out of your lieutenantry , it had been better you had not kissed your three fingers so oft , which now again you are most apt to play the sir in .	If such tricks as these strip you of your lieutenantry , it would ’ ve been better you hadn ’ t kissed your three fingers so often , with which you are again very ready to play the gent .
Go by , Saint Jeronimy .	Get out of my face .
I did not see you ; welcome , gentle signior ; We lack 'd your counsel and your help tonight .	I didn ’ t see you ; welcome , gentle Signior ; We missed your advice and your help tonight .
See these letters delivered ; put the liveries to making ; and desire Gratiano to come anon to my lodging .	See these letters are delivered , get the servants ’ clothes made , and ask Gratiano to come now to my house .
I ’ ll call upon you ere you go to bed And tell you what I know .	I ’ ll stop by before you go to bed , and tell you what I ’ ve heard .
But all the story of the night told over , And all their minds transfigured so together , More witnesseth than fancy 's images , And grows to something of great constancy , But howsoever strange and admirable .	But the whole story of the night told over , And all their minds changed all at the same time , Shows more witnesses than just images of the mind , And grows to something of great lasting ; But , nevertheless , strange and admirable .
Arm , arm , my lord .	Get ready , my lord .
Ay , very well , my lord .	Yes , very well , my lord .
Is all our company here ?	Is everybody here ?
It cannot be .	Can ’ t do it .
I never may believe These antique fables nor these fairy toys .	I ’ ll never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s this all about ?
Ah ha !	Ah ha !
Here , here comes Master Signior Leonato , and the Sexton too .	Come , take away the Here comes Master Signior Leonato with the sexton .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Here do you keep a hundred knights and squires , Men so disordered , so debauched and bold That this our court , infected with their manners , Shows like a riotous inn .	But you ’ re keeping a hundred knights here who are so disorderly , vulgar , and obnoxious that our noble court is starting to look like a noisy cheap hotel .
By my troth , the fool has an excellent breast .	I swear , this fool has an excellent singing voice .
A kind good night to all !	A kind good night to all !
Away , go away !	Get busy , go !
If this be so , why blame you me to love you ?	And why do you blame me for loving you ?
And I do think she ’ s thirty .	And I think she ’ s at least thirty .
It will but skin and film the ulcerous place , Whiles rank corruption , mining all within , Infects unseen .	It will only create a scab and film over the ulcer , While rotten corruption , working within everything , Infects it unseen .
Tis true .	Yes , it ’ s true .
I do confess my fault , And do submit me to Your Highness ' mercy .	I confess my crime and throw myself on your Highness ’ s mercy .
He is then a giant to an ape ; but then is an ape a doctor to such a man .	A guy like that is bigger than an ape , but the ape could be his doctor , it ’ s so much smarter .
Madam , how like you this play ?	Madam , how are you liking this play ?
Did not great Julius bleed for justice ' sake ?	Didn ’ t great Julius bleed for justice 's sake ?
Persever , counterfeit sad looks , Make mouths upon me when I turn my back , Wink each at other , hold the sweet jest up — This sport , well carried , shall be chronicled .	All right , go ahead , keep up your little game , pretend to be sympathetic , but then nudge each other and wink and make faces at me when I turn my back .
O , make them joyful .	Oh , make them joyful !
For those of old , And the late dignities heap 'd up to them , We rest your hermits .	For those of old , And the recent titles heaped on them , We remain your hermits .
Where have I been ?	Where have I been ?
And let us swear our resolution .	And let us swear to our resolution .
O , fie !	O , for shame !
Come now , what masques , what dances shall we have To wear away this long age of three hours Between our after-supper and bedtime ?	Now , what kind of entertainment do we have to fill up the long three hours between dinner and bedtime ?
It cannot be .	It cannot be .
These late eclipses in the sun and moon portend no good to us .	These recent eclipses of the sun and moon don ’ t bode well for us .
The villany you teach me I will execute ; and it shall go hard but I will better the instruction .	The villainy you teach me I ’ ll use ; and it shall be hard but I ’ ll make the lesson better .
Have you pray 'd tonight , Desdemona ?	Have you prayed tonight , Desdemona ?
If she and I be pleased , what ’ s that to you ?	If she and I are happy , what ’ s it to you ?
Oh , by whom ?	Who did it ?
Go to your rest ; at night we 'll feast together .	Get some rest , tonight we 'll feast together .
Be quiet and depart .	Be quiet and depart .
That will I , for I must bear answer back How you excuse my brother , Rosalind .	I ’ ll do that , because I have to tell my brother how you forgave him , Rosalind .
Crowner ’ s quest law .	Go ahead .
All but Metellus Cimber , and he 's gone To seek you at your house .	All but Metellus Cimber , and he 's gone To your house to find you .
So did I yours .	And I missed yours .
Give me some help .	Give me some help .
How now ?	What ’ s the news !
Enough , Captain .	Enough , Captain .
The ladies , her attendants of her chamber Saw her abed , and in the morning early They found the bed untreasured of their mistress .	Her ladies-in-waiting saw her go to bed , and early this morning the bed was empty .
It shall do well .	It ’ ll be OK .
If wolves had at thy gate howled that stern time , Thou shouldst have said , “ Good porter , turn the key , ” All cruèls else subscribed .	If wolves had been howling outside your gate at the heart of that storm , you would ’ ve told your doorman to let them in , despite all the cruelties you inflict on the world .
These words are not mine .	You ’ re not answering my question .
Thou art in a parlous state , shepherd .	You are in a perilous state , shepherd .
O , pardon me , thou bleeding piece of earth , That I am meek and gentle with these butchers !	O , forgive me , you bleeding piece of earth , That I ’ m meek and gentle with these butchers !
Observe her ; stand close .	Observe her ; stand close .
Sola , sola !	Hey , hey !
I would be loath to cast away my speech , for besides that it is excellently well penned , I have taken great pains to con it .	I ’ d hate to waste my speech on the wrong person , because It ’ s very well written and I spent a lot of time and energy memorizing it .
Look , here it is .	Look , here it is .
Claribel .	Claribel .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
O , blood , blood , blood !	O , blood , Iago , blood !
Tis a point of wisdom .	That ’ s a wise idea .
Come away , away .	Let ’ s go .
Why , fare thee well , King .	Farewell , King .
Fathered he is , and yet he ’ s fatherless .	He has a father , and yet he is fatherless .
Oh , that I were a fool !	A worthy fool !
Come to my woman 's breasts , And take my milk for gall , you murdering ministers , Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature 's mischief !	Come to my woman 's breasts , And make my milk poisonous , you murdering ministers , Wherever in your blind shadows You wait on human mischief !
Well , God- ' a ' -mercy .	Fine , thank you .
Here ’ s our chief guest .	I ’ ll shut up now .
Keep me in temper .	Keep me balanced and sane .
My lord , the queen would speak with you , and presently .	My lord , the queen wants to speak with you right away .
True .	True .
Let us go , For it is after midnight , and ere day We will awake him and be sure of him .	Let ’ s go , Because it is after midnight , and , before day , We ’ ll wake him up , and be sure that he ’ s with us .
Nay , let me alone for swearing .	Don ’ t worry about me not swearing enough .
And when she speaks , is it not an alarum to love ?	And when she speaks , doesn ’ t her voice stir up passion ?
Let fall thy blade on vulnerable crests ; I bear a charmèd life , which must not yield To one of woman born .	I lead a charmed life , which can ’ t be ended by anyone born from a woman .
The mercy that was quick in us but late By your own counsel is suppressed and killed .	The mercy that was alive in me a moment ago was smothered and killed by your own advice .
But there ’ s more work .	But there ’ s more work to be done .
What horrible fancy ’ s this ?	What horrible thing are you imagining ?
What villains have done this ?	What villains did this to you ?
He , woman ; I say thy husband .	He , woman ; I say your husband .
My master ’ s mind .	My master ’ s decision .
You are too indulgent .	You ’ re too forgiving .
Call him .	Call him .
Come they of noble family ?	Do they come from good families ?
Prison , my lord ?	Prison , my lord !
Your Majesty shall mock at me .	Your Majesty shall mock at me .
Set me the stoups of wine upon that table .	Put the goblets of wine on that table .
Or stole it , rather .	Or stole it , rather .
Hark , hark , one knocks .	Listen , listen , someone is knocking .
A blank , my lord .	There was no story , my lord .
The English are embattled , you French peers .	The English are in the field , French lords .
There ’ s enough .	That ’ s enough .
Oh , villainy , villainy !	Oh , evil , evil !
Come from thy ward , For I can here disarm thee with this stick And make thy weapon drop .	Get out of that position , because I can disarm you with my magic wand and make your sword drop .
But I remember now I am in this earthly world , where to do harm Is often laudable , to do good sometime Accounted dangerous folly .	But I have to remember that I ’ m here on Earth , where doing evil is often praised , and doing good is sometimes a stupid and dangerous mistake .
My worthy Cawdor !	My worthy Cawdor !
What do you call the play ?	What ’ s the play called ?
What ’ s that to thee ?	What ’ s the difference ?
Why , why is this ?	Why are you telling me this ?
The Prince of Arragon hath ta 'en his oath And comes to his election presently .	The prince of Arragon has taken his oath , and he ’ s coming to make his choice now .
God be wi ' you and keep you and heal your pate .	God be with you and keep you , and may he heal your head .
He would not have spoke such a word .	He would never have spoken to me like this .
What , shall one of us That struck the foremost man of all this world But for supporting robbers , shall we now Contaminate our fingers with base bribes , And sell the mighty space of our large honors For so much trash as may be graspèd thus ?	Should we now dirty our fingers with lowly bribes and sell the mighty offices that we hold for whatever money we can get our hands on ?
Thy mantle good , What !	Your shawl good , What !
With duty and desire we follow you .	We ’ re following you not only because it is our duty , but also because we want to .
His daughter is to be brought by you to the supper .	You are to bring his daughter to the supper .
Only I here importune death awhile , until Of many thousand kisses the poor last I lay upon thy lips .	I just beg death to wait awhile , until I place the last of our many thousands of kisses on your lips .
Come , you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts , unsex me here And fill me , from the crown to the toe , top-full Of direst cruelty !	Come , you spirits That hear mortal thoughts , take away my womanhood ; And fill me , from my head to my toes , full Of most terrible cruelty !
O , horrible !	O , horrible !
No blown ambition doth our arms incite , But love — dear love ! — and our aged father ’ s right .	We ’ re not invading England out of ambition or greed , but out of love — dear love ! — and my father ’ s right to his kingdom .
This if she perform , She shall not sue unheard .	Then I ’ ll listen to her .
Sooth , but you must .	But you have to .
Friends , come hither .	Friends , come here .
Your constancy Hath left you unattended .	Your fortitude Has left you alone .
Scorn and derision never come in tears .	You cannot find scorn and derision in tears of love .
Let her have your voices .	Let her have your votes .
Help !	Help !
But come , for England !	But , come , for England !
A piece of him .	A piece of him .
Come , seek the conspirators .	Come , find the conspirators .
Besides , in mercy , The constable desires thee thou wilt mind Thy followers of repentance , that their souls May make a peaceful and a sweet retire From off these fields where , wretches , their poor bodies Must lie and fester .	Moreover , out of mercy , the Constable urges you to remind your men to make their peace with God and repent , so that their souls may depart sweetly and peacefully from these fields where , poor wretches , their bodies will likely fall and fester .
Come forth .	Come out .
But mark , poor knight , What dreadful dole is here !	But mark , — poor knight , What dreadful sorrow is here !
Well , march we on , To give obedience where ’ tis truly owed .	Well , we march on , To give obedience where it is truly owed .
Touching this vision here , It is an honest ghost , that let me tell you .	Regarding this vision here , It is an honest ghost , that I can tell you .
Nay , come , again .	No , come on , one more time .
ROSS : His absence , sir , Lays blame upon his promise .	His absence , sir , Means he didn ’ t keep his promise .
Come , come , we know your meaning , brother Gloucester .	Come , come , I know what you ’ re referring to , Richard .
Why , but you are now well enough .	You seem all right now .
I have a pain upon my forehead , here .	I have a That ’ s from lack of sleep .
But adieu .	But goodbye .
Yet I fear him , For in the ingrafted love he bears to Caesar — Alas , good Cassius , do not think of him .	I still fear him , Because in the acquired love he bears to Caesar — Alas , good Cassius , don ’ t think of him .
Wherefore do you come ?	Why are you here ?
Pray heavens he be ; For I have served him , and the man commands Like a full soldier .	Pray heavens he is , Because I have served him , and the man commands Like a full soldier .
Indeed , my lord , you made me believe so .	Indeed , my lord , you made me believe so .
Is 't not possible to understand in another tongue ?	Isn ’ t it possible to understand in another tongue ?
She sent for you by Dromio home to dinner .	She sent Dromio to bring you home for lunch .
Indeed ?	Indeed ?
Mine would , sir , were I human .	Mine would , sir , if I were human .
Have you not hurt your head ?	Haven ’ t hurt your head ?
I am thus bold to put your Grace in mind Of what you promised me .	I ’ m reminding your grace what you promised me .
Let us be satisfied !	Give us answers .
Too much of water hast thou , poor Ophelia , And therefore I forbid my tears ; but yet It is our trick ; nature her custom holds , Let shame say what it will .	You had too much water , poor Ophelia , And therefore I ’ ll hold back my tears , but It is still our trick , nature holds her habits , Let shame say what it will .
We will go walk a little in the orchard , And then to dinner .	Let ’ s take a little walk in the orchard before dinner .
There , sir , stop .	Stop right there , sir .
Why , what is that to you ?	Why , what 's that to you ?
Haply I see a friend will save my life And pay the sum that may deliver me .	I think I see a friend who will pay my bail and save my life .
Go in , Nerissa .	Go inside , Nerissa .
Well , Petruchio , this has put me in heart .	Well , Petruchio , all this is very encouraging .
Ay , if a woman live to be a man .	Yes , if a woman grows up to be a man .
Good Sir Toby !	There ’ s some gentleman out there . — Good Sir Toby !
The general speaks to you .	The general is talking to you !
I ’ ll make so bold to call , For ’ tis my limited service .	I ’ ll wake him , because that ’ s my job .
No farther than the Tower , and , as I guess , Upon the like devotion as yourselves , To gratulate the gentle princes there .	Just to the Tower — I ’ m guessing , for the same reason you are : to salute the noble princes who are staying there .
I with the morning ’ s love have oft made sport , And like a forester the groves may tread Even till the eastern gate , all fiery red , Opening on Neptune with fair blessèd beams , Turns into yellow gold his salt green streams .	I often wander around in the woods like a forest ranger until the sun rises in the fiery red sky over the ocean , turning the salty green water to gold .
You must not deny me .	Don ’ t say no .
This is nothing , Fool .	It ’ s nothing .
The rest aloof are the Dardanian wives , With blearèd visages come forth to view The issue of th ' exploit . — Go , Hercules !	We ’ ve all come out to see what will happen . — Go , Hercules !
Fly , masters !	Run , everyone , run !
Pardon me , I pray you .	I beg your pardon .
Tom , away !	Let ’ s go , Tom .
If our sport had gone forward , we had all been made men .	If we ’ d been able to put on our play , we would have had it made .
It was a violent commencement , and thou shalt see an answer- able sequestration ; put but money in thy purse .	It had a violent beginning , and you shall see an answerable separation — put only money in your purse . — These Moors are changeable in their wills .
What trash is Rome , What rubbish and what offal , when it serves For the base matter to illuminate So vile a thing as Caesar ?	What trash Rome is , What rubbish , and what garbage , when it serves As the fuel to start a fire that will throw light On so vile a thing as Caesar !
I doubt not of your wisdom .	I don ’ t doubt your wisdom .
I cry you mercy .	I beg your pardon .
Let it be written in eight and eight .	Make it eight and eight .
Will you be patient ?	Won ’ t you be patient ?
Seyton !	Seyton !
Come , tailor , let us see ’ t .	Come , tailor , show it to us .
Or , if you will , Come home to me , and I will wait for you .	Or , if you don ’ t mind , come to my home , and I ’ ll wait for you .
Alas , good Cassio !	Oh no , good Cassio !
Here comes the little villain .	Here comes the little villain herself .
I am a villain .	I am a villain .
Now I am alone .	Now I am alone .
Had you such leisure in the time of death To gaze upon the secrets of the deep ?	So you had time as you were dying to look around ?
Stand there !	Stop right there !
More will I do — Though all that I can do is nothing worth , Since that my penitence comes after all , Imploring pardon .	I will do more , though nothing I can do is any good since this remorse comes after the crime , asking for pardon .
No doubt , my liege , if each man do his best .	No doubt it will , my liege , if each man does his best .
All that served Brutus , I will entertain them .	I ’ ll take all who served Brutus into my service .
Now attest That those whom you called fathers did beget you .	Prove that the men you call your fathers did truly conceive you .
What wilt thou do ?	What are you going to do ?
The devil take thy soul !	The devil take your soul !
How now , Horatio ?	What ’ s wrong , Horatio ?
Yet I 'll not shed her blood , Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow And smooth as monumental alabaster .	Still I won ’ t shed her blood ; Or scar that skin of hers whiter than snow , And as smooth as the marble that makes monuments .
Where is Lucentio ?	Where is Lucentio ?
Well .	Very well .
Ready .	Here .
Be it so , Lysander : find you out a bed , For I upon this bank will rest my head .	You find yourself a bed , And I will rest my head upon this bank .
What art thou that dost grumble there i ' th ' straw ?	Who are you , moaning in the hut like that ?
Good countrymen , let me depart alone .	Good countrymen , let me leave alone .
Did he not straight , In pious rage , the two delinquents tear , That were the slaves of drink and thralls of sleep ?	Didn ’ t he , right away , In pious rage , kill the two delinquents That were the slaves of drink and in the thralls of sleep ?
Why — after I have cut the egg i ' th ' middle and eat up the meat — the two crowns of the egg .	Well , when I cut the egg in half and eat the whites , the yolk will be in two parts like two golden crowns .
Faith , the priest was good enough , for all the old gentleman ’ s saying .	Really , the priest was good enough , no matter what that old guy said .
Blest fig 'send !	Blessed my foot !
Attend those men Our pleasure ?	Are those men Waiting for us ?
They that have done this deed are honorable .	They who have done this deed are honorable .
Oh , she was foul ! — I scarce did know you , uncle .	She was filthy !
How does my bounteous sister ?	How is my generous sister ?
As woman 's love .	As woman 's love .
Fit to govern ?	Fit to govern !
Lechery !	Nonsense .
Lend thy hand And pluck my magic garment from me .	Give me a hand and help me off with this magic cloak .
Talkest thou nothing but of ladies ?	Can ’ t you talk about anything besides ladies ?
Oh , that estates , degrees and offices Were not derived corruptly , and that clear honor Were purchased by the merit of the wearer !	Oh , wouldn ’ t it be great if property , rank , official positions , and other honors were earned only by merit , not by corruption ?
Oh , how I long to have some chat with her !	I can ’ t wait to meet her !
Yea , leave that labor to great Hercules , And let it be more than Alcides ' twelve .	Yes , leave that labor to great Hercules — it ’ s worse than the previous twelve put together .
dispersedly &ket; Bow-wow !	Chorus off-stage : Bow , wow !
Tis monstrous .	That ’ s unbelievably bad .
Where is the horse that doth untread again His tedious measures with the unbated fire That he did pace them first ?	Can any horse retrace his footsteps with the same energy he had when he walked them the first time ?
I robbed his wound of it .	I pulled it from his wound .
Stay , gentle Helena ; hear my excuse ; My love , my life , my soul , fair Helena !	Stay , gentle Helena ; hear my reason ; My love , my life , my soul , fair Helena !
But tell not me .	It ’ s obvious .
They fell together all , as by consent .	They all fell asleep together , as if they ’ d planned it .
How long will a man lie i ' the earth ere he rot ?	How long will a man lie in the earth before he rots ?
When Nature hath made a fair creature , may she not by Fortune fall into the fire ?	Well , when Nature makes a person beautiful , can ’ t Fortune make her fall into a fire , thereby making her ugly after all ?
And I another So weary with disasters , tugged with fortune , That I would set my life on any chance , To mend it or be rid on ’ t .	Because if that ’ s the case , I will tell you a plan that will get rid of your enemy and bring you closer to me .
O noble lord , bethink thee of thy birth , Call home thy ancient thoughts from banishment , And banish hence these abject lowly dreams .	Oh noble lord , consider your lineage .
Go , some of you , And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is .	Go , some of you , And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is .
Those that “ Hobgoblin ” call you , and “ sweet Puck , ” You do their work , and they shall have good luck .	You do their work for them and give them good luck .
It sorts well with your fierceness .	The name suits your fierceness .
He fell down in the market-place and foamed at mouth and was speechless .	He fell down in the market place , foamed at the mouth , and was speechless .
I will be satisfied .	I demand to be satisfied .
You spoke not with her since ?	Have you not spoken to her since then ?
True ; and a goose for his discretion .	True and a goose for his secret-keeping .
No more than I am well acquitted of .	No more than I am well released from .
Alas , Malvolio , this is not my writing , Though , I confess , much like the character .	I ’ m sorry , Malvolio , but this isn ’ t my writing , though I admit it looks like mine .
It shall be done .	We ’ ll do it .
He did , from first to last .	Yes , he knew about it the whole time .
And then , of so gentle a condition !	and then , of so gentle a disposition !
They are sick ?	They ’ re playing with me .
Nay , how now , where are you ?	Where have Come here , boy .
Looks it not like the King ?	Doesn ’ t it look like the King ?
Either send the chain , or send me by some token .	Send the necklace to her , or send me with a token that will authorize her to pay me .
It is not day .	It isn ’ t daybreak yet .
Furthermore , I pray you show my youth old Shylock ’ s house .	And could you please take my servant to old Shylock ’ s house ?
And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind .	That ’ s why paintings of Cupid , the god of love , always show him as blind .
Give me up the truth .	Tell me the truth .
And if your love Can labor ought in sad invention , Hang her an epitaph upon her tomb And sing it to her bones .	And if your love can produce something from its sadness , write a poem for her ; hang it on her grave and sing it to her bones .
How does he love me ?	How does he love me ?
Beware Of entrance to a quarrel , but being in , Bear ’ t that th ' opposèd may beware of thee .	Don ’ t be quick to pick a fight , but once you ’ re in one , hold your own .
But here 's my husband , And so much duty as my mother show 'd To you , preferring you before her father , So much I challenge that I may profess Due to the Moor , my lord .	But here 's my husband ; And as much duty as my mother showed To you , preferring you before her father , So much I dispute that I may profess Due to the Moor , my lord .
Tis not the first time you were overshot .	I ’ ve outshot you , and not for the first time .
We shall have a rare letter from him : but you ’ ll not deliver ’ t ?	But you ’ re not going to deliver it , are you ?
Why , that ’ s my dainty Ariel .	Why , that ’ s my dainty Ariel singing now .
O , cry your mercy , sir . — Tom ’ s a-cold .	Excuse me , sir . — Tom ’ s chilly .
Madam , you must come to your uncle .	Madam , you have to go to your uncle ’ s .
Father , I charge thee , by thy reverence , Here to unfold ( though lately we intended To keep in darkness what occasion now Reveals before ’ tis ripe ) what thou dost know Hath newly passed between this youth and me .	Father , could I please ask you to tell these people what happened between me and this young man ?
Here comes my man .	Here ’ s my servant .
Things that are past are done , with me .	As far as I ’ m concerned , what ’ s past is done .
I know what reason I have to think so : if thou shouldst not be glad , I would divorce me from thy mother ’ s tomb , Sepulchring an adultress .	You know why I think so ?
Expound unto me , boy .	Explain , boy .
My words are dull .	My words are dull .
Good faith , a little one , not past a pint , As I am a soldier .	No , it was a little one , not more than a pint .
Katherine his daughter and with her , to dowry , Some petty and unprofitable dukedoms .	his daughter , Katherine , with some insignificant , unprofitable dukedoms as her dowry .
I know he loves me well .	Thank you .
Cousins , I hope the days are near at hand That chambers will be safe .	Cousins , I hope the days are near at hand That our homes will be safe .
Upon the talk of the poisoning ?	When the actors were talking about poison ?
Madam , with all my heart .	Madam , with all my heart .
I protest , in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .	I believe it completely .
But leave it all to God .	But leave it all to God .
Therein , ye gods , you make the weak most strong .	In suicide , gods make the weak strong .
Speak , speak !	Speak , speak !
You sent me for a rope ’ s end as soon .	Yeah , right — you sent me to get whipped .
The king himself is rode to view their battle .	The king rode out alone to view their troops .
You shall not stir out of your house today .	You shall not go out of your house today .
If thou read this , O Caesar , thou mayst live .	If you read this , Caesar , you might live .
Why , how now , Hecate ?	Why , how are you , Hecate ?
She turn 'd to folly , and she was a whore .	She turned to folly , and she was a whore .
Tis now but four o 'clock .	It ’ s only four o 'clock now .
I will run , fiend .	I ’ ll run , devil .
Stay , countrymen .	Wait , countrymen .
Take my sword .	Take my sword .
Nay , an you will not , sir , I ’ ll take my heels .	Well , if you don ’ t , then I ’ m out of here .
So , Dolabella , It shall content me best .	So be it , Dolabella .
Be certain , nothing truer .	I ’ ve spelled it out for you clearly .
But she , being mortal , of that boy did die ; And for her sake do I rear up her boy ; And for her sake I will not part with him .	But she , because she was mortal , died giving birth to the boy ; And , for her sake , I am raising him , And , for her sake , I will not part with him .
They were traitors !	They were traitors .
Come , you look paler and paler .	Come on , you keep getting paler .
Whither are they vanish 'd ?	Where did they vanished to ?
Strike the vessels , ho !	Clink your cups together in a toast !
I go .	I ’ m off .
Now , princely Buckingham , seal thou this league With thy embracements to my wife ’ s allies And make me happy in your unity .	Now , noble Buckingham , seal this alliance by embracing my wife ’ s friends , and make me happy in your unity .
But you , sir , altered that , for some hour before you took me from the breach of the sea was my sister drowned .	An hour before you pulled me out of the breaking waves , my sister drowned .
I have a daughter — have while she is mine — Who in her duty and obedience , mark , Hath given me this .	I have a daughter ( I have her until she gets married ) who ’ s given me this letter , considering it her duty .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
High-day , freedom !	High-day , freedom !
O , know , my name is lost .	I ’ ve lost my name and title to a traitor .
Farewell , farewell .	Farewell , farewell .
Portia , what mean you ?	Portia , what are you doing ?
For there was never yet fair woman but she made mouths in a glass .	For there never was a pretty woman who didn ’ t like to preen in the mirror .
I will give him some relief if it be but for that .	I ’ ll help out , if only because he speaks the same language as me .
Every subject ’ s duty is the king ’ s , but every subject ’ s soul is his own .	Every subject ’ s duty is the king ’ s , but every subject ’ s soul is his own .
By Dromio ?	Dromio ?
My language !	She speaks my language !
Claudius !	Claudius !
Ratcliffe , about the mid of night come to my tent And help to arm me .	Ratcliffe , around midnight come to my tent and help me put on my armor .
I bade the rascal knock upon your gate And could not get him for my heart to do it .	I told him to knock at your gate and for the life of me could not get him to do it .
I say , O Caesar , Antony is dead .	Caesar , I ’ m telling you that Antony is dead .
Beggar that I am , I am even poor in thanks ; but I thank you , and sure , dear friends , my thanks are too dear a halfpenny .	Well , then , I thank you , though I ’ m such a beggar that even my thanks are not worth much .
Good my lord , vouchsafe me a word with you .	My lord , could I have a word with you ?
How say you , then ; would heart of man once think it ?	What do you say then , would heart of man once think it ?
How came you thus recovered ?	How did you get better ?
A little water clears us of this deed .	A little water will wash away the evidence of our guilt .
I thank thee for that jest .	Thank you for that joke .
Why doth the Jew pause ?	Why does the Jew wait ?
Round , even to faultiness .	Round enough to be unattractive .
Stand from the hearse , stand from the body .	Stand from the hearse , stand from the body .
His absence , sir , Lays blame upon his promise .	His absence means he ’ s broken his promise , sir .
And so he goes to heaven .	He ’ ll come right away .
You see me here , you gods , a poor old man , As full of grief as age , wretched in both .	You see me here , gods , a grieving old man , as wretched in his grief as he is in his old age .
We will meet ; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .	We will meet ; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .
Her name is Katherina Minola , Renowned in Padua for her scolding tongue .	Her name is Katherina Minola , famous throughout Padua for her scolding tongue .
Tell Antony , Brutus is ta 'en .	Tell Antony , Brutus is taken .
The motions of his spirit are dull as night , And his affections dark as Erebus .	His soul is as dull as night and dark as the underworld .
Best of comfort , And ever welcome to us .	You will always be welcome to me .
Look in my face .	Look at my face .
Sir , he ’ s rash and very sudden in choler , and haply may strike at you .	He ’ s hot-tempered , and he might try to hit you with his staff .
She is too big , I hope , for me to compass .	She ’ s too much for me to handle .
What is the matter ?	What is the matter ?
It falls right .	It ’ s falling into place .
I must away this night toward Padua , And it is meet I presently set forth .	I should really leave right away .
Think you not that the powers we bear with us Will cut their passage through the force of France , Doing the execution and the act For which we have in head assembled them ?	Will our army cut a swath through the fighting force of France , achieving and accomplishing everything I ’ ve assembled them to do ?
Anon we ’ ll drink a measure The table round .	Soon we will toast around the table .
I ’ ll fetch some flax and whites of eggs To apply to his bleeding face .	I ’ ll get some cloth and egg whites to bandage his bleeding face .
I ’ ll have some proof .	I need proof !
What ish my nation ?	What is my nation ?
Oh , me , lieutenant !	Oh , lieutenant !
Tis so .	It is that .
It seldom visits sorrow .	In that case you should sleep .
Let the earth hide thee !	Let the earth hide you !
Where is your husband ?	Where is your husband ?
I have , when you have heard what I can say .	I have , when you ’ ve heard what I can say And you know it now .
Pray you , leave your courtesy , good monsieur .	Please , stop bowing , good sir .
I do beseech you , sir , trouble yourself no further .	I do beg you , sir , trouble yourself no further .
And sowing the kernels of it in the sea , bring forth more islands .	And then throw the seeds in the sea , to make more islands grow .
In any case , let Thisbe have clean linen ; and let not him that plays the lion pare his nails , for they shall hang out for the lion 's claws .	In any case , let Thisbe have clean linen ; and don ’ t let him that plays the lion cut his nails , because they shall hang out for the lion 's claws .
O , yet defend me , friends .	Protect me , my friends .
Our present business Is to general woe .	Our business now is mourning and grief .
Speak yet again .	Say something again .
Do you put tricks upon ’ s with savages and men of Ind , ha ?	Are you playing tricks on me by showing me savages and uncivilized men from the Indies , ha ?
Poor man !	Poor man !
and but I be deceived , Signior Baptista may remember me , Near twenty years ago , in Genoa , Where we were lodgers at the Pegasus .	Unless I am mistaken , Signior Baptista may remember me from the Pegasus in Genoa , where we both stayed twenty years ago .
I hope she will be brief .	I hope she keeps it short .
No , if without more words you will get you hence .	Not if you go away , there isn ’ t .
John Duke of Norfolk , Walter , Lord Ferrers , Sir Robert Brakenbury , and Sir William Brandon .	John Duke of Norfolk , Walter Lord Ferrers , Sir Robert Brakenbury , and Sir William Brandon .
You whoreson malt-horse drudge !	You bastard workhorse drudge !
I am very proud , revengeful , ambitious ; with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in , imagination to give them shape , or time to act them in .	I am very proud , revengeful , ambitious , with more offenses at my command than I have thoughts to put them in , imagination to give them shape , or time to commit them in .
Though our lives — Your spirits shine through you .	Though our lives — We have decided , my lord .
Signior Bassanio , — Gratiano !	Mr. Bassanio ! — Gratiano !
Not stingless too ?	I took their stings too , wouldn ’ t you say ?
What is the matter ?	What is the matter ?
Custom hath made it in him a property of easiness .	Habit has made it a property of easiness in him .
Look in the calendar and bring me word .	Check the calendar and come tell me .
To whom do you speak this ?	Who would do that ?
When that ’ s gone , He shall drink naught but brine , for I ’ ll not show him Where the quick freshes are .	When he loses that , he ’ ll be drinking salt water , since I ’ ll never tell him where the freshwater springs are .
Ay , boy .	Yes , boy .
Shalt see thy other daughter will use thee kindly .	Your other daughter Regan will treat you kindly , you ’ ll see .
What if I strayed no further , but chose here ?	What if I went no further and chose this one ?
I did so , and went further , which is now Our point of second meeting .	I did so , and I went even further , which is now the point of our second meeting .
No , but the barber ’ s man hath been seen with him , and the old ornament of his cheek hath already stuffed tennis balls .	No , but the barber ’ s assistant has been seen with him .
Welcome , lady .	Welcome , lady .
Come , boy , with me .	Come with me , boy .
Look , with a spot I damn him .	See — I ’ ve sealed his fate with this mark next to his name .
I see thee yet , in form as palpable As this which now I draw .	I still see you , in form as evident to my touch As the one I now draw .
My wit ’ s diseased .	My mind is confused .
Hath not a Jew eyes ?	Doesn ’ t a Jew have eyes ?
An you 'll come to supper tonight , you may ; an you will not , come when you are next prepared for .	If you 'll come to supper tonight , you may ; if you will not , come when you are next ready to .
Speak to me home .	Speak plainly .
Lucentio , gentle sir .	Lucentio , sir .
This is old Ninny 's tomb .	This is old Ninny 's tomb .
I shall be constrained in ’ t to call thee knave , knight .	So I ’ ll be forced to call you a jerk , Sir Andrew .
Thy father !	Your father !
If he say so , may his pernicious soul Rot half a grain a day !	If he said that , then I hope his malicious soul rots in hell forever .
A horned man 's a monster and a beast .	An adulterer 's a monster and a beast .
Are you full of them ?	Are you always so funny ?
What is now amiss That Caesar and his Senate must redress ?	What ’ s the problem That Caesar and his Senate must fix ?
My lord , what is your will ?	My lord , what is your will ?
What think ’ st thou then of Stanley ?	What about Stanley ?
The sweet and bitter fool Will presently appear — The one in motley here , The other found out there .	The sweet and bitter fool Will appear right away .
Truly , she must be given , or the marriage is not lawful .	No , someone has to give her away or the marriage isn ’ t legal .
Go sleep , and hear us .	Go to sleep , and listen to us laughing .
This visitation Is but to whet thy almost blunted purpose .	This visitation Is only to sharpen your almost dull purpose .
What are you then determined to do ?	What are you determined to do then ?
Yet Caesar shall go forth , for these predictions Are to the world in general as to Caesar .	But I will go out , for these bad omens apply to the world in general as much as they do to me .
Where is he now ?	Where ’ s Antony now ?
About the ninth hour , lady .	Almost nine o ’ clock , lady .
I have a widow aunt , a dowager Of great revenue , and she hath no child .	I have an aunt who is a widow , who ’ s very rich and doesn ’ t have any children .
Ay , you did wish that I would make her turn .	See how well she can turn ?
I go to take my stand To see him pass on to the Capitol .	I ’ m going ahead to get my spot To see him pass on his way to the Capitol .
Trouble him no more Till further settling .	Don ’ t trouble him further until his mind is more settled .
He that knows better how to tame a shrew , Now let him speak ; ’ tis charity to show .	If anyone here knows a better way to tame a shrew , speak up , please .
Much is breeding Which , like the courser ’ s hair , hath yet but life , And not a serpent ’ s poison .	The empire may be in danger if he ’ s not restrained before he reaches his full potential .
you juggler !	You juggler !
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber ; Thou hast no figures nor no fantasies , Which busy care draws in the brains of men ; Therefore thou sleep 'st so sound .	You haven ’ t got dreams or fantasies Which busy care draws in the brains of men .
I cannot speak your England .	I cannot speak your England .
Your vessels and your spells provide , Your charms and everything beside .	You bring your cauldrons , your spells , your charms , and everything else .
Friendship is constant in all other things Save in the office and affairs of love .	Friendship is enduring except when love is involved .
Thou livest .	You ’ re alive .
The higher Nilus swells The more it promises .	The higher the Nile flows , the better the harvest .
My wife !	my wife !
Be factious for redress of all these griefs , And I will set this foot of mine as far As who goes farthest .	Be a rebel for revenge for all these problems , And I ’ ll support you as far As the man who goes the farthest .
No , sir , I live by the church .	No , sir , I live by the church .
I could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment .	I wish there was less social pressure to drink .
And know it now , the Senate have concluded To give this day a crown to mighty Caesar .	The Senate has concluded To give a crown to mighty Caesar this day .
Not so , I do beseech your Majesty .	No , please , I beg your Majesty .
For love of God , forbear him .	For the love of God , be patient with him .
How now , masters ?	Hello there , good sirs .
I understand not what you mean by this .	I don ’ t know what you ’ re talking about .
Men , wives , and children stare , cry out , and run As it were doomsday .	Men , wives , and children stare , cry out , and run in the streets as though it were doomsday .
All lost !	It ’ s no use !
I speak not this that you should bear a good opinion of my knowledge , insomuch I say I know you are .	You should know that I think you ’ re a smart man .
Trebonius knows his time , for , look you , Brutus , He draws Mark Antony out of the way .	Trebonius when to act , because , look , Brutus , He ’ s taking Mark Antony out of the way .
to Stephano &ket; Lo , how he mocks me !	Look , how he mocks me !
The king ’ s son have I landed by himself , Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle , and sitting , His arms in this sad knot .	I sent the king ’ s son off by himself to a faraway nook on the island , where he ’ s sitting now sighing , with his arms crossed like this .
The urging of that word “ judgment ” hath bred a kind of remorse in me .	That word “ judgment ” makes me feel a bit guilty .
Thy husband .	Your husband .
What , the chain ?	What , the necklace ?
I will bestow you where you shall have time To speak your bosom freely .	I ’ ll take you to a place where you can speak freely .
Ay , my liege , so please you give us leave .	Yes , my lord , if you give us permission .
You have me , have you not ?	You understand me , yes ?
A king , a king !	He ’ s a king , a king !
Ay , marry , must you ; for you must understand he goes but to see a noise that he heard , and is to come again .	Ay , darn it , you must because you must understand he only Goes to see a noise that he heard , and will come again .
O , my fear interprets !	O , my fear interprets !
What !	What !
is 't possible a young maid 's wits Should be as mortal as an old man 's life ?	Is it possible a young maid 's sanity Should be die as does an old man ?
to Adrian &ket; But the rarity of it is , which is indeed &bra; to Adrian &ket; But the rarity of it is , which is indeed almost beyond credit — &bra; to Antonio &ket; As many vouched rarities are .	But the special thing about it is , — which is indeed almost beyond belief , — As many verified “ special things ” are .
Tomorrow with your earliest Let me have speech with you . — Come , my dear love , The purchase made , the fruits are to ensue : That profit ’ s yet to come ’ tween me and you .	Come talk to me tomorrow as early as you can . — Come with me , my dear love .
I 'll call upon you ere you go to bed And tell you what I know .	I ’ ll call on you before you go to bed , And tell you what I know .
Say to me whose fortunes shall rise higher , Caesar ’ s or mine ?	Tell me who shall have the better luck , Caesar or me ?
Some light-foot friend post to the duke of Norfolk — Ratcliffe , thyself , or Catesby .	Someone who can ride fast , go to the duke of Here , my good lord .
I wish it might , for now I am your fool .	I wish I were something better , because right now I ’ m a big fool .
There , gentle Hermia , may I marry thee .	I could marry you there , gentle Hermia , where the strict laws of Athens can ’ t touch us .
All come to this ?	Is it all come to this ?
Farewell .	Farewell .
Come , thou mortal wretch , With thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate Of life at once untie .	Separate me from life with your sharp teeth .
Sleep thou , and I will wind thee in my arms .	You sleep , and I will hold you in my arms .
tis gone !	It is gone !
Sir , sir , sir — But thou must needs be sure My spirit and my place have in them power To make this bitter to thee .	Sir , sir , sir , But you must certainly be sure that My spirit and my place have power in them To make this bitter to you .
Therefore , Lord Constable , haste on Montjoy And let him say to England that we send To know what willing ransom he will give .	Have Montjoy hurry , then , Lord Constable , and have him ask the king of England what he is willing to pay us to get out of the war .
Nor know I aught By me that 's said or done amiss this night ; Unless self-charity be sometimes a vice , And to defend ourselves it be a sin When violence assails us .	I don ’ t know anything That I said or did wrong this night , Unless self-love is sometimes a vice , And to defend ourselves is a sin When we are attacked violently .
But who was this ?	But who was that man ?
Hold off thy hand !	Take away your hand !
to the spirits &ket; Well done !	Well done !
What change is this , Sweet love ?	What change is this , Sweet love ?
In troth , ’ tis morning .	My God , it ’ s morning .
Before you can say ‘ Come ’ and ‘ Go , ’ And breathe twice and cry ‘ So , so , ’ Each one , tripping on his toe Will be here with mop and mow .	Before you can say , “ Come ” and “ Go , ” And breathe twice , and cry “ so , so , ” Each one , tripping on his toe , Will be here with tricks and pranks .
Yet again ?	Oh , not you again .
Would he not be a comfort to our travel ?	Wouldn ’ t he be a comfort to us in our travels ?
Thus I do escape the sorrow Of Antony ’ s death .	With this I avoid the grief of Antony ’ s death .
If you did wear a beard upon your chin , I ’ d shake it on this quarrel .	I am willing to fight you if I must .
Hie you , Messala , And I will seek for Pindarus the while .	Hurry , Messala , and I ’ ll look for Pindarus in the meantime .
A fair woman !	A fair woman !
But if you be remembered , I did not bid you mar it to the time .	But if you remember , I didn ’ t tell you to parody the style .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
Fore heaven , an excellent song .	My God , what a great song !
What 's to do ?	What needs to be done ?
True , sir .	That ’ s true , sir .
But cheer thy heart , and be thou not dismayed .	Fool , do not flatter yourself .
Where will the old duke live ?	Where will the old duke live ?
Indeed he is not fit .	Indeed , he ’ s not fit .
So call the field to rest , and let ’ s away To part the glories of this happy day .	So order the armies to rest , and let ’ s go home to share the glories of this happy day .
What shall we do else ?	Why not ?
I dare damnation .	I dare damnation .
Have we devils here ?	Do we have devils on the island ?
Sister , it is not a little I have to say of what most nearly appertains to us both .	Sister , I have a lot to say about things that concern us both .
Judge me , you gods !	Let the gods judge me !
Do you intend it ?	Are you ?
What wouldst thou write of me , if thou should ’ st praise me ?	But if you had to say something nice about me , what would you say ?
Good Maria , let this fellow be looked to .	Maria , take care of this poor fellow here .
My dearest coz , I pray you , school yourself .	My dearest cousin , I beg you , have patience yourself .
He is about it : The doors are open , and the surfeited grooms Do mock their charge with snores : I have drugg 'd their possets , That death and nature do contend about them , Whether they live or die .	The doors are open ; and the grooms , filled to excess , Defy their duty with snores .
That way the noise is .	The noise is coming from over there .
Sir , amen .	Sir , amen .
Let him approach .	Show him in .
Nothing that I respect , my gracious lord .	Nothing that interests me , my good lord .
Oh , but I fear .	Oh , but I ’ m worried .
Go back again and be new beaten home ?	Go back again , to be beaten home again ?
I have been talking with a suitor here , A man that languishes in your displeasure .	I have been talking with a petitioner here , A man that suffers greatly in your displeasure .
No , I warrant you ; I will not adventure my discre- tion so weakly .	No , I promise you ; I won ’ t risk my reputation so stupidly .
Let us go in ; And charge us there upon inter 'gatories , And we will answer all things faithfully .	Let ’ s go in ; And ask us all your questions , And we ’ ll answer everything truthfully .
Bid them all fly .	Order them to escape .
And in part him , but , ’ you may say , ‘ not well .	And in part him , but , ” you may say , “ not very well .
In his tongue .	No , in its tongue .
So , so , so .	That ’ s right .
As birds do , Mother .	As birds do , mother .
O sweet Portia , Here are a few of the unpleasant ’ st words That ever blotted paper .	Oh Portia , these are some of the worst words that ever stained a piece of paper .
First , there is the Neapolitan prince .	Well , first there was the prince from Naples .
Nothing at all .	Nothing .
And how was that ta 'en up ?	And how was that one settled ?
Stay !	Stay !
Cassio knows you not .	Cassio doesn ’ t know you .
Cowards die many times before their deaths .	Cowards die many times before their deaths .
Macbeth .	Macbeth .
Demand .	Demand .
In great measure .	Yes , heavily .
Come , my lord .	Come on , my lord .
Speak , man .	Say something , man !
Exchange me for a goat , When I shall turn the business of my soul To such exsufflicate and blown surmises , Matching thy inference .	Trade me for a goat When I shall turn the business of my soul To such puffed up and blown suspicions , Matching your suggestion .
His beard was grizzled , no ?	His beard was grizzly , no ?
Peace , you were best .	You ’ d better shut up !
Bate , I beseech you , widow Dido .	Stop , please , widow Dido .
A beast , no more .	A beast , no more .
Make we our march towards Birnam	We march towards Birnam .
And while thou liv ’ st , dear Kate , take a fellow of plain and uncoined constancy , for he perforce must do thee right because he hath not the gift to woo in other places .	So take for life a fellow of pure and plain faithfulness .
If you cannot , give thanks you have lived so long and make yourself ready in your cabin for the mischance of the hour , if it so hap . — Cheerly , good hearts ! — Out of our way , I say .	If you can ’ t do it , be grateful you ’ ve lived this long and go wait to die in your cabin , if it comes to that . — Harder , men ! — Now get out of our way , I ’ m telling you .
Thou liest , malignant thing !	You lie , you nasty , ungrateful thing !
If so , be patient , sister .	If this is so , be patient , sister .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Your crown ’ s awry .	Your crown is crooked .
Come , put mine armor on .	I won ’ t have anything to do with it .
My master ’ s a very Jew .	My master ’ s a total Jew .
Oh , that his fault should make a knave of thee , That art not what th ’ art sure of !	It ’ s too bad that Antony ’ s fault should make you look like a jerk .
I pray thee tell me truly how thou lik ’ st her .	Please tell me seriously what you think of her .
Perhaps I will return immediately .	I might come back soon .
Here , here , sir !	Here , here , sir !
O Goneril , You are not worth the dust which the rude wind Blows in your face .	Goneril , you aren ’ t worth the dust the wind blows in your face .
Where is thy leather apron and thy rule ?	Where are your leather apron and your ruler ?
Why , for that too .	Why , for that too .
So please you .	If you wish .
What , shall I stab him as he sleeps ?	What , should I stab him while he sleeps ?
And by how much she strives to do him good She shall undo her credit with the Moor .	The more she
About a hoop of gold , a paltry ring That she did give me , whose posy was For all the world like cutler ’ s poetry Upon a knife , “ Love me and leave me not . ” What talk you of the posy or the value ?	It said , “ Love me and don ’ t leave me . ” How can you talk about the quality of the poem or the value of the ring ?
Lesser than Macbeth , and greater .	You will be less than Macbeth , and much greater .
And he ’ s gone .	And now he ’ s gone .
Art thou not , fatal vision , sensible To feeling as to sight ?	Are you , fatal vision , as insensitive To feeling as you are to sight ?
Thou art on thy deathbed .	You ’ re on your deathbed .
What is the time o 'th ’ day ?	What time of the day is it ?
Labio and Flavio , set our battles on .	Labio and Flavio , push our armies onward .
Marry , sir , in her buttocks .	Her bottom .
At nine i ' th ' morning here we ’ ll meet again .	We ’ ll meet again at nine in the morning .
Why did you laugh then , when I said man delights not me ?	Why did you laugh then , when I said , “ Man doesn ’ t delight me ” ?
I 'll believe as soon This whole earth may be bored , and that the moon May through the centre creep and so displease Her brother 's noontide with the Antipodes .	I 'd believe as quickly that This whole earth may be bored , and that the moon May creep through the centre and so disrupt Her brother 's noontide with the other side of the world .
Very good , my lord .	Yes , sir .
Look upon Caesar .	This is Caesar you ’ re looking at .
The other half Comes to the privy coffer of the state , And the offender ’ s life lies in the mercy Of the Duke only ' gainst all other voice .	The other half goes to the state .
Stand , ho !	Halt !
An you will not be answered with reason , I must die .	If you won ’ t listen to reason , I ’ ll have to die .
Follow that lord , and look you mock him not .	Follow that lord , and see you don ’ t mock him .
O , she was foul !	O , she was evil !
She has spoke what she should not , I am sure of that .	She has spoken what she should not , I am sure of that .
I 'll devil-porter it no further .	I 'll be a devil-porter no further .
why , revenge .	Why , revenge .
The king ?	The king ?
Why , the honest men .	The honest men .
No boasting like a fool ; This deed I 'll do before this purpose cool .	No boasting like a fool , This deed I 'll do before I change my mind .
This bodiless creation ecstasy Is very cunning in .	This bodiless creation Is very cunning In imagination .
If he distaste it , let him to our sister , Whose mind and mine I know in that are one , Not to be overruled .	If he doesn ’ t like it , he can go live with my sister .
When shall we come to th ' top of that same hill ?	When will we get to the top of that cliff ?
Keep thy word .	Keep your word .
And , see your wife is with him .	And , see , your wife is with him .
I think the policy of that purpose made more in the marriage than the love of the parties .	I think the marriage was made more for political reasons than for love .
Something from Cyprus as I may divine .	Something about Cyprus .
With what I get , I mean , and so do they .	I mean I will live on whatever I get , like birds do .
Marry , sir , by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of Father Time himself .	I ’ ll tell you : it ’ s because of a law as plain as Father Time ’ s bald head .
Wherefore throng you hither ?	Why have you come here in such a mob ?
Cobweb .	Cobweb .
For certain she is dead , and by strange manner .	It ’ s certain that she is dead , and she died in a strange way .
And were the king on 't , what would I do ?	And if the king were on it , what would I do ?
You have put him down , lady , you have put him down .	You ’ ve humiliated him , lady : you ’ ve put him down .
What infinite heart ’ s ease Must kings neglect that private men enjoy ?	What infinite peace do king ’ s give up that private men enjoy ?
Ha !	Ha !
Why , say they are vile and false ; As where 's that palace where in to foul things Sometimes intrude not ?	Why , what if they are vile and false , Where 's that palace that foul things sometimes intrude ?
How canst thou urge God ’ s dreadful law to us When thou hast broke it in such dear degree ?	How dare you tell us about God ’ s laws when you have broken them so savagely yourself ?
The King rises .	The King rises .
Then certifies your Lordship that this night He dreamt the boar had razèd his helm Besides , he says there are two councils kept , And that may be determined at the one Which may make you and him to rue at th ' other .	Besides that , he says that two meetings are going to be held tomorrow , and something may be decided at one of them that may make you and him , who are at the other , sorry .
To what end , my lord ?	Why would they do that , my lord ?
I am strong-framed .	I ’ m strong-willed .
Do not approach Till thou dost hear me call .	Don ’ t come near till you hear me call you .
Perchance till after Theseus ' wedding-day .	Maybe until after Theseus ' wedding-day .
I will not sleep , Hortensio , till I see her , And therefore let me be thus bold with you To give you over at this first encounter , Unless you will accompany me thither .	I won ’ t sleep until I see her , Hortensio .
The near in blood , The nearer bloody .	Our closest relatives are the ones most likely to murder us .
O proud death , What feast is toward in thine eternal cell , That thou so many princes at a shot So bloodily hast struck ?	Oh , proud Death , what banquet are you preparing that you ’ ve needed to knock off so many princes at one stroke ?
In him there is a hope of government , Which , in his nonage , council under him , And , in his full and ripened years , himself , No doubt shall then , and till then , govern well .	His counselors will govern as long as he ’ s a minor , and then he ’ ll take over .
They have said their prayers , and they stay for death .	Meanwhile , their They ’ ve said their prayers , and now they wait for death .
I thank it .	I ’ m glad about that .
You have me , have you not ?	You get my point , don ’ t you ?
This is the man .	This is the man .
to Sebastian &ket; True , Of that there 's none , or little .	There 's none , or little of that .
Be witness to me , O thou blessèd moon , When men revolted shall upon record Bear hateful memory , poor Enobarbus did Before thy face repent .	Be my witness , oh you blessed moon .
So will I turn her virtue into pitch And out of her own goodness make the net That shall enmesh them all .	And that ’ s how I ’ ll turn her good intentions into a big trap to snag them all .
Why will you mew her up , Signior Baptista , for this fiend of hell And make her bear the penance of her tongue ?	Why are you locking her away because of this fiend from hell , Signor Baptista ?
If you go on thus , you will kill yourself , And ’ tis not wisdom thus to second grief Against yourself .	If you keep on the way you ’ ve been going , you ’ ll kill yourself .
Ay , or any show that you will show him .	Sure , or anything else you show him .
They stand , and would have parley .	They stop and want to talk .
Twas a sweet marriage , and we prosper well in our return .	It was a lovely wedding , and we ’ re doing really well on our trip home .
I ’ ll make a sop o ' th ' moonshine of you .	I ’ ll make ground beef out of you .
Is he not light of brain ?	He ’ s not sick in the brain ?
Put money in thy purse ; follow thou the wars ; defeat thy favor with an usurped beard .	Put money in your purse ; follow the wars ; defeat your mood with an false beard ; I say , put money in your purse .
Why dost thou lead these men about the streets ?	Why do you lead these men in the streets ?
How is ’ t with you , sir ?	How are you , sir ?
He , when he hears of her , cannot refrain From the excess of laughter .	He , when he hears of her , cannot refrain From excessive laughter .
The lady protests too much , methinks .	The lady ’ s overdoing it , I think .
Madam , not yet .	Madam , not yet .
Adieu .	Goodbye .
Marry them to your heirs !	Let them marry your children !
Nay , I hope .	I hope not .
Give you good night .	Have a good-night .
He shall stay my leisure .	He ’ ll stay as long as I say .
The news is true , my lord .	The news is true , my lord .
But how long shall that title “ ever ” last ?	But how long will “ ever ” last ?
So be gone .	So go away .
Go take this shape And hither come in ’ t .	Take this garment , put it on , and then come back here .
Look you who comes here , a young man and an old in solemn talk .	Look who ’ s coming : a young man and an old man , having a serious talk .
O eastern star !	Oh , eastern star !
He passes some humors and careers .	He has his moods and his ways .
But did you ever tell him she was false ?	But did you tell him she cheated on him ?
And , I 'll warrant her , full of game .	And , I 'll guarantee that she is full of game .
Well , what is it ?	Well , what is it ?
With courtesy and with respect enough , But not with such familiar instances , Nor with such free and friendly conference , As he hath used of old .	With courtesy and with respect enough , Only not with such familiar instances , Or with such free and friendly conversation , As he used to in the old days .
Yet keep the French the field .	The French are still fighting .
Tell him , so please him come unto this place , He shall be satisfied and , by my honor , Depart untouch 'd .	Tell him , if it pleases him come to this place , He shall get an explanation and , by my honor , Leave here safely .
Therefore the winds , piping to us in vain , As in revenge , have suck 'd up from the sea Contagious fogs ; which , falling in the land , Hath every pelting river made so proud That they have overborne their continents .	These fogs which , falling in the land , Have made every rough river so high That they have flooded the continents where they flow .
The things that threatened me Ne 'er looked but on my back .	The things that threaten me have only seen my back .
Then never man was man true .	Then no man has ever been honest .
Appear and pertly !	No talking !
What is the success ?	Who ’ s winning ?
This case of that huge spirit now is cold .	The container of that great soul is now cold .
The weary way hath made you melancholy .	The tiring journey seems to have made you gloomy .
How foolish do your fears seem now , Calphurnia !	How foolish your fears seem now , Calphurnia !
If I do find him fit , I 'll move your suit , And seek to effect it to my uttermost .	If I do find him fit , I 'll ask for your favor , And try to get it done the best way I can .
I know a lady in Venice would have walked barefoot to Palestine for a touch of his nether lip .	I know a lady in Venice who ’ d walk all the way to Palestine for a kiss from him .
Not Cassio killed !	Cassio ’ s not dead ?
What ’ s a drunken man like , fool ?	Tell me what a drunk is like , fool .
Malvolio ’ s coming down this walk .	Malvolio ’ s coming down the path .
Moody ?	Moody ?
Emilia , run you to the citadel , And tell my lord and lady what hath happ 'd !	Emilia , run to the fortress , And tell my lord and lady what has happened .
My name ’ s Macbeth .	You lie , you disgusting tyrant .
My Lord of Warwick , here is , praised be God for it , a most contagious treason come to light , look you , as you shall desire in a summer ’ s day .	My Lord of Warwick , a most corrupt treason — God be praised for it ! — has been discovered , as plain as any you ’ d hope to see on a summer ’ s day .
To make you answer truly to your name .	We just want you to answer to your real name .
You are thought here to be the most senseless and fit man for the constable of the watch ; therefore bear you the lantern .	You ’ re thought to be the most
Titania , music call ; and strike more dead Than common sleep of all these five the sense .	Titania , call for music , and strike the senses of all these five so that they seem more dead than sleeping .
That is the way to make her scorn you still .	What you ’ re doing is the way to make her scorn you continually .
Mark Antony In Egypt sits at dinner , and will make No wars without doors .	Mark Antony is at dinner in Egypt and won ’ t be going outside to make war .
The early village cock Hath twice done salutation to the morn .	The rooster has already crowed twice .
How ?	What !
He is sad and civil And suits well for a servant with my fortunes .	He ’ s very serious , which is right for someone in mourning like me .
The lady doth protest too much , methinks .	The lady protests too much , I think .
Why , Antony .	Antony .
to Gonzalo &ket; Nay , good my lord , be not angry .	No , good my lord , don ’ t be angry .
Thou shalt know the man By the Athenian garments he hath on .	You ’ ll be able to identify the man By the Athenian garments he has on .
Methought the billows spoke and told me of it , The winds did sing it to me , and the thunder , That deep and dreadful organ pipe , pronounced The name of Prosper .	I thought the clouds were talking to me , the winds were singing to me , and the thunder , like an awful organ pipe , roared Prospero ’ s name .
Faith , here 's an English tailor come hither , for stealing out of a French hose .	Truly , it must be an English tailor sent here for skimping on the fabric for a pair of a French hose .
Know , my long lord , The marquess Dorset , as I hear , is fled To Richmond , in the parts where he abides .	You should know , my loving lord , I ’ ve heard that the marquess Dorset has fled to Brittany , to the earl of Richmond .
It may be I shall raise you by and by On business to my brother Cassius .	I might wake you up in a while to send you on an errand to my brother Cassius .
I ’ ll be sworn , if thou be Launcelot , thou art mine own flesh and blood .	If you ’ re Launcelot , then you ’ re my own flesh and blood .
My name is Thidias .	My name is Thidias .
Do you mark that ?	Do you mark that ?
Some such squire he was That turn 'd your wit the seamy side without , And made you to suspect me with the Moor .	He was some such squire That turned your wit inside out , And made you to suspect me of sleeping with the Moor .
You will compel me , then , to read the will ?	You force me to read the will , then ?
The king and prince at prayers .	The king and the prince are praying .
O , train me not , sweet mermaid , with thy note To drown me in thy sister ’ s flood of tears .	Oh , sweet mermaid , don ’ t command me to drown myself in the flood of your sister ’ s tears .
What , are you mad that you do reason so ?	Are you insane , talking like this ?
Sola , sola !	Hey , hey !
Tut , I am in their bosoms , and I know Wherefore they do it .	I know how they think , and I understand why they ’ re doing this .
No hope that way is Another way so high a hope that even Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond , But doubt discovery there .	But in that “ no hope ” there are great hopes for you !
My husband !	My husband !
Who shall bar me from them ?	Who ’ s going to keep me from them ?
Adieu , adieu , adieu .	Good-bye , good-bye , good-bye .
rebels it at these years ?	It rebels at this age ?
I ’ ll not fail , if I live .	As long as I ’ m alive , I ’ ll be here .
Noblest of men , woo ’ t die ?	Most noble man , will you die ?
I pray you , sir , what is he ?	But who is this person , sir ?
No , believe me .	No , not at all .
Casca , you are the first that rears your hand .	Casca , you ’ ll be the first to raise your hand .
His folly , Helena , is no fault of mine .	His silly behavior , Helena , is not my fault .
Did we , my lord ?	Did we , my lord ?
Paddock calls .	The old toad is calling me .
No , to their lives ill friends were contrary .	Bad friends were .
And mine , but it grows something stale with me .	And like mine , but I ’ m getting a little tired of it .
He shall , sir , an 't please him .	He shall , sir , if it pleases him .
Edmund and I have talked , And more convenient is he for my hand Than for your lady ’ s .	Edmund and I have talked , and it makes more sense for him to marry me than Goneril .
We did keep time , sir , in our catches .	We respected the beat of the song , sir .
I have a mind to strike thee ere thou speak ’ st .	I have half a mind to hit you before you speak again .
With Cassio , mistress .	Yes , with Cassio .
Hold off the earth awhile Till I have caught her once more in mine arms .	Hold off burying her until I ’ ve caught her in my arms once more .
Too long a pause for that which you find there .	You thought about it too long , considering what you found there .
Are you not Kent ?	Aren ’ t you Kent ?
My lord ?	My lord ?
Now he importunes him To tell it o 'er .	He ’ s asking him to tell the story again .
See how beastly she doth court him !	Look how she carries on with him !
He no more shall see my face .	He won ’ t see my face ever again .
Pat , pat .	Right on time .
Farewell , sweet lord , and sister .	Goodbye , my sweet lord . — Goodbye , my sister .
Can you inquire him out and be edified by report ?	Can you ask around and find out ?
Do it not with poison .	Don ’ t do it with poison .
How say you now ?	EPHESUS Now what do you think ?
No , no , I am as ugly as a bear , For beasts that meet me run away for fear .	No , no , I ’ m as ugly as a bear , since animals that see me run away in terror .
O sirs , consider : they that set you on To do this deed will hate you for the deed .	Oh sirs , consider this : those who sent you to do this deed will hate you for doing it .
Why , friends , you go to do you know not what .	Why , friends , you go ahead to do you don ’ t know what .
Tis certain then for Cyprus .	Then it ’ s certain they ’ re heading for Cyprus .
One side will mock another — th ' other too .	Now he ’ s a little crooked .
The better that your Lordship please to ask .	Better , since your lordship was nice enough to ask .
What committed ?	What sin committed !
I have more cause .	I have more reason to be distressed .
Come , Gertrude , we 'll call up our wisest friends And let them know both what we mean to do And what 's untimely done .	Come , Gertrude , we 'll call up our wisest friends , And let them know both what we mean to do And what 's done at an unfortunate time .
There ’ s warrant in that theft Which steals itself when there ’ s no mercy left .	There ’ s good reason to escape when there ’ s no mercy to be found anymore .
Say that I slew them not .	Let ’ s say I didn ’ t kill them .
The gods confound thee !	May the gods destroy you !
The air Nimbly and sweetly recommends itself Unto our gentle senses .	The air is sweet and appeals to my refined senses .
Moreover , urge his hateful luxury And bestial appetite in change of lust , Which stretched to their servants , daughters , wives , Even where his raging eye or savage heart , Without control , lusted to make his prey .	There was no limit to what his lustful eye and savage heart would prey on .
See , Caesar !	Look around you , Caesar .
I would not kill thy unpreparèd spirit .	I don ’ t want to kill you before you ’ ve readied your soul .
Ah , but I think him better than I say , And yet would herein others ' eyes were worse .	Oh , but I think of him more highly than I say I do — and I wish he looked worse in other women ’ s eyes .
What good could they pretend ?	What good could they claim ?
Send the deed after me , And I will sign it .	Send the deed after me and I ’ ll sign it .
Lead away .	Lead us away .
I could not find him at the Elephant .	I didn ’ t find him at the Elephant .
I pray you , dissuade him from her .	Please make him change his mind .
The tyrant custom , most grave senators , Hath made the flinty and steel couch of war My thrice driven bed of down .	The dictator , custom , very grave senators , Has made the stone and steel couch of war My feather bed three times .
Thou shalt serve me .	You ’ ll work for me .
Portia , what mean you ?	Portia , what are you doing awake ?
Farewell .	Farewell .
Most reverend signior , do you know my voice ?	Very reverend Signior , do you know my voice ?
We coursed him at the heels and had a purpose To be his purveyor ; but he rides well , And his great love , sharp as his spur , hath holp him To his home before us .	Only he rides well , And his great love of us , as sharp as his spur , has helped him To get to his home before us .
You do remember all the circumstance ?	Now as for the other thing , You do remember all the circumstances ?
I pray the gods she may , with all my heart !	I hope with all my heart she will !
Go , go , up to the leads .	Hurry , go up to the roof .
Give me thy hand , Roderigo .	Give me your hand , Roderigo .
Snout , the tinker !	Snout , the tinker !
Give him heedful note ; For I mine eyes will rivet to his face , And after we will both our judgments join In censure of his seeming .	Watch him carefully , Because I will have my eyes riveted on his face , And , after the play , we will combine our observations In condemning of his actions .
Good morrow , worthy Caesar !	Good morning , worthy Caesar .
Fill , Lucius , till the wine o 'erswell the cup .	Fill my cup , Lucius , until the wine overflows it .
Treachery !	We ’ ve been betrayed !
Come , begin .	But come on , start .
All 's one .	Makes no difference .
Therefore be o ' good cheer , for truly I think you are damned .	Cheer up , because I think you ’ re going to hell .
Tis too late to go to bed now .	It ’ s too late to go to bed now .
Come , come .	Come on .
O , spare my guiltless wife and my poor children ! — Keeper , I prithee sit by me awhile .	Please spare my innocent wife and children ! — Kind warden , please stay with me for a while .
All hail , Macbeth !	All hail , Macbeth !
Come , sir , what letters had you late from France ?	Tell us about the letters that you got from France .
Descend , for you must be my torchbearer .	Go down , because you must be carry my torch .
But that ’ s all one : omittance is no quittance .	But no matter — I ’ ll get back at him soon enough .
Tell him I would speak with him .	Tell him I want to speak with him .
Well , well , We shall thrive now . — Seest thou , my good fellow ?	We ’ ve got it now . — Do you see this , my good fellow ?
Where ’ s the Queen ?	Where ’ s the Queen ?
I am to blame to be thus waited for .	I ’ m to blame to be waited for like this . — Now , Cinna ; — now , Metellus ; — what , Trebonius !
Amen to that , sweet powers !	Amen to that !
Murder !	murder !
The thought whereof Doth , like a poisonous mineral , gnaw my inwards , And nothing can or shall content my soul Till I am evened with him , wife for wife .	I won ’ t be satisfied until I get even with him , wife for wife .
Not so , my lord ; for his valour cannot carry his discretion , and the fox carries the goose .	Not so , my lord , because his courage cannot carry his secret-keeping , but the fox carries the goose .
Content with Hermia ?	Happy with Hermia ?
Set him before me .	Bring him in front of me .
Be 't their comfort We are coming thither .	Let it be their comfort that We are coming there .
Well , sit we down , And let us hear Bernardo speak of this .	OK , let ’ s sit down , And listen to Bernardo speak of this .
Tis safer to be that which we destroy Than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy .	It ’ s better to be the person who gets murdered than to be the killer and be tormented with anxiety .
Let him not leave out The color of her hair .	Don ’ t let him leave out the color of her hair .
And shall , sir .	Yes , we will .
Hence his ambition growing — Dost thou hear ?	With his ambition growing like this — do you hear what I ’ m saying ?
She confesses it .	She confessed .
That will I , Pompey .	I ’ ll give the first one , Pompey .
Sir , she is mortal ; But by immortal providence she 's mine .	Sir , she is mortal ; But , by immortal Providence , she 's mine .
Do , with like timorous accent and dire yell As when , by night and negligence , the fire Is spied in populous cities .	Do it , and shout like the city ’ s on fire .
Let him be Caesar .	Let him be Caesar .
Come , gentlemen , Let us consult upon tomorrow ’ s business Into my tent .	Come , gentlemen , let ’ s discuss tomorrow ’ s action in my tent .
Tis just .	That ’ s true .
Nothing , neither way .	Nothing , neither way .
Oh , thou art wise !	You ’ re wise !
But I shall crave your pardon .	But I beg your pardon .
Here , madam : Conster them .	Here , madam : Translate .
I am glad to see you in this merry vein .	I ’ m glad to see you in such a merry mood .
She did show favor to the youth in your sight only to exasperate you , to awake your dormouse valor , to put fire in your heart and brimstone in your liver .	She flirted with the messenger boy to exasperate you , fire up your passions , and make you angry and jealous .
Let me choose ; For , as I am , I live upon the rack .	Let me choose ; Because as I am , I live in torture .
Her name , that was as fresh As Dian ’ s visage , is now begrimed and black As mine own face .	Her reputation was as pure as the snow , but now it ’ s as dirty and black as my own face .
O sir , content you .	No , calm down .
Roderigo .	Roderigo .
No , to my cabin .	No , come to my cabin .
Ay , or very falsely pocket up his report .	Or stuff what he says into their pockets .
Father 'd he is , and yet he 's fatherless .	He has a father , and yet he 's fatherless .
I pray you give me leave .	I beg you , leave me alone .
I warrant you , sir ; The white cold virgin snow upon my heart Abates the ardour of my liver .	I promise you , sir , The cold , white , virgin snow on my heart Holds back my passion .
What , jealous Oberon !	Well , well , jealous Oberon !
Well , we shall see your bearing .	Well , we ’ ll see your behavior .
Words before blows .	Words before blows .
Thy life ’ s a miracle .	It ’ s a miracle you ’ re alive .
What doth she say , my lord of Buckingham ?	What is she saying , my lord ?
Shall I have some water ? — Come , Kate , and wash , and welcome heartily . — You whoreson villain !	Can we have some water please here ? — Come and wash , Kate , make yourself at home .
How can that be , unless she drown 'd herself in her own defence ?	How can that be , unless she drowned herself in her own defense ?
I have not ’ scaped drowning to be afeard now of your four legs .	I didn ’ t survive a shipwreck so I could be scared of your four legs now .
Come , merchant , have you any thing to say ?	You , merchant , have you anything to say ?
Look , look , Titinius : Are those my tents where I perceive the fire ?	This hill is far enough . — Look , look , Titinius ; Are those my tents on fire ?
Lysander 's love , that would not let him bide , Fair Helena , who more engilds the night Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light .	Lysander 's love , that would not let him wait , — Fair Helena , — who makes the night more golden Than all the fiery rays and eyes of light .
How now , spirit !	Hey , spirit !
What , a play toward !	What , a play !
I am not made of stones , But penetrable to your kind entreaties , Albeit against my conscience and my soul .	I am not made of stone ; I am affected by all these kind pleas , though it goes against my conscience and my soul .
I am sorry for my cousin .	I feel awful for my cousin .
For these fellows of infinite tongue , that can rhyme themselves into ladies ' favors , they do always reason themselves out again .	These chatty fellows who can rhyme their way into a lady ’ s good graces always reason themselves out again .
Be thou a spirit of health or goblin damned , Bring with thee airs from heaven or blasts from hell , Be thy intents wicked or charitable , Thou comest in such a questionable shape That I will speak to thee .	Whether you ’ re a good spirit or a cursed demon , whether you bring heavenly breezes or blasts of hell fire , whether your intentions are good or evil , you look so strange I want to talk to you .
What do I fear ?	But what am I afraid of ?
In thy foul throat thou liest .	You ’ re lying .
Ay , so we will .	We will .
What , with worms and flies ?	Are you going to start eating worms and flies ?
Each new morn New widows howl , new orphans cry , new sorrows Strike heaven on the face , that it resounds As if it felt with Scotland and yell 'd out Like syllable of dolor .	Each new morning , New widows howl , new orphans cry , new sorrows Strike heaven on the face so that it echoes As if it felt Scotland ’ s pain , and yelled out Like a sigh of sorrow .
Tomorrow is the day .	Tomorrow is the day .
But so much was our love We would not understand what was most fit , But , like the owner of a foul disease , To keep it from divulging , let it feed Even on the pith of life .	But we loved him so much That we would not understand what was the best action , But , like the owner of a dirty disease , To keep it from showing , let it feed Even on the core of life .
I will say nothing .	I won ’ t say a word .
I will not shame myself to give you this .	I ’ d be ashamed to give you this .
Good night , Penthesilea .	Good night , you amazing woman , you .
For I mine own gained knowledge should profane If I would time expend with such a snipe But for my sport and profit .	I ’ d be wasting my skills dealing with an idiot like that if I couldn ’ t get something useful out of him .
The Queen approaches .	The Queen is coming .
I pray thee , tell me then that he is well .	I beg you , tell me , then , that he is well .
I weigh it lightly , were it heavier .	I wouldn ’ t think much of it even if it were heavier .
I owe you none till I receive the chain .	I owe you nothing until I receive the necklace .
I think it was to see my mother ’ s wedding .	I think you came to see my mother ’ s wedding instead .
Fear nothing .	Don ’ t be afraid .
There 's millions now alive That nightly lie in those unproper beds Which they dare swear peculiar .	There 's millions now alive That nightly lie in those adulterous beds which they dare To swear is the first time .
She says enough , yet she ’ s a simple bawd That cannot say as much .	She says all the right things , but the dumbest brothel-keeper would tell the same story .
On a moderate pace I have since arrived but hither .	I ’ ve only made it this far since I left her place , walking at a moderate pace .
When we have matched our rackets to these balls , We will in France , by God ’ s grace , play a set Shall strike his father ’ s crown into the hazard .	Once I ’ ve put my rackets to these balls , I ’ ll play a set in France , God willing , that will knock his father ’ s crown right out of the court .
Nay , that ’ s true , that ’ s very true .	That ’ s true , that ’ s very true .
Nor will you tender less .	I know you ’ ll offer nothing less than that .
Othello ’ s occupation ’ s gone .	Othello ’ s career is over .
Therefore your Grace may well say I have lost it .	So I suppose your grace can truly say that I have lost it .
Madam , I will .	Madam , I will .
Ay , ’ tis strong , and it does indifferent well in a dun-colored stock .	That ’ s true .
And so it is .	And so it is .
Who then shall blame His pester 'd senses to recoil and start , When all that is within him does condemn Itself for being there ?	Who , then , shall blame him when His own vexed senses begin to recoil and attack , When all that is within him revolts against him ?
How the moon sleeps with Endymion And would not be awaked .	Look how the moon seems to be sleeping with its lover and can ’ t be awoken !
Oh , misery !	Oh , what misery !
All schooldays ' friendship , childhood innocence ?	Our friendship in our schooldays , our childhood innocence ?
Is not that neighborly ?	Isn ’ t that enough ?
Was it so late , friend , ere you went to bed , That you do lie so late ?	Was it so late , friend , before you went to bed , That you overslept ?
But she is now the wife of Marcus Antonius .	But she is now Mark Antony ’ s wife .
Stand !	Halt !
You English princes all , I do salute you .	All you English princes , I salute you .
It must be Nay , but hear you , Goodman Delver — Give me leave .	If you can ’ t answer it — Go ahead !
That will be ere the set of sun .	That will be before sunset .
Oh , brave Iago , honest and just , That hast such noble sense of thy friend ’ s wrong !	Brave Iago , how honest and trustworthy you are !
Is it so , countrymen ?	Is that the way it is , countrymen ?
Do I entice you ?	Do I encourage you ?
No , I ’ ll not weep .	Well , I won ’ t .
Out o ' tune , sir .	That ’ s out of tune , sir .
Then away she started To deal with grief alone .	Then she ran away to grieve alone .
I will not be long from you .	I won ’ t be gone long .
Good Volumnius , Thou know 'st that we two went to school together ; Even for that our love of old , I prithee , Hold thou my sword-hilts , whilst I run on it .	Good Volumnius , You know that we two went to school together ; Even because that our love of old , please , Hold my sword handle while I run into it .
You know he does .	You know that he does .
I am alone the villain of the earth , And feel I am so most .	I am the worst person alive , and I know it the best .
Is your name Shylock ?	Is your name Shylock ?
Let me report to him Your sweet dependency , and you shall find A conqueror that will pray in aid for kindness Where he for grace is kneeled to .	If I can tell him that you have submitted to him sweetly , he ’ ll request your assistance in finding ways in which he can support you .
Proceed you in your tears .	Proceed with your tears .
Murder ?	Murder !
Speak softly .	You ’ re right .
To answer by the method , in the first of his heart .	The table of contents says it ’ s in the first chapter of his heart .
To fetch my poor distracted husband hence .	To get my poor , mad husband out from inside there .
What ’ s thy passion ?	What ’ s wrong with you ?
No , Caesar shall not .	No , Caesar shall not .
The more I love , the more he hateth me .	The more I love him , the more he hates me .
Hark !	Look !
Follow me .	Follow me .
O , there has been much throwing about of brains .	O , there has been a lot of bashing of brains going on .
No words .	Don ’ t give it away .
I call them forth to credit her .	I meant they had to give her credit .
See where she comes and brings your froward wives As prisoners to her womanly persuasion . — Katherine , that cap of yours becomes you not .	Look , here she comes , with your ungovernable wives in tow , like prisoners of her womanly persuasion . — Katherine , that cap of yours doesn ’ t look good on you .
Speak once again .	Speak again .
To what effect ?	How did that work ?
We will be witnesses .	We ’ ll be your witnesses .
Of this my letters Before did satisfy you .	I ’ ve already sent the proof in my letters .
Unless I have mista 'en his colors much , Which well I am assured I have not done , His regiment lies half a mile , at least , South from the mighty power of the king .	Unless I ’ ve mistaken his battle flags , which I ’ m sure I haven ’ t , his regiment lies at least half a mile south of the king ’ s mighty army .
Give me your neaf , Monsieur Mustardseed .	Give me your hand , Mr. Mustardseed .
I doubt some danger does approach you nearly .	I ’ m afraid something dangerous is coming toward you .
You have known what you should not .	You ’ ve heard something you shouldn ’ t have .
All things in common nature should produce Without sweat or endeavor .	Everything would be produced without labor , and would be shared by all .
No , fair princess .	No , lovely princess .
Oh , fie , fie , fie !	Oh , damn , damn , damn !
You said the enemy would not come down , But keep the hills and upper regions .	You said the enemy would not come down , But keep the hills and upper regions .
We are in God ’ s hand , brother , not in theirs .	We ’ re in God ’ s hands , brother , not in theirs .
If chance will have me king , why , chance may crown me Without my stir .	If luck wants me to be king , luck may crown me Without my doing anything at all .
Because my name is George .	Because my name is George .
I never may believe These antique fables , nor these fairy toys .	I never may believe These antique fables , or these fairy toys .
Great business must be wrought ere noon .	I have a lot to do before noon .
One is too poor , too weak for my revenge .	Killing him once is not enough revenge .
For you see , it is already in snuff .	It ’ s too hot .
Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe .	Say these bitter things to your bitter foe .
Sweet bodements !	These were sweet omens !
By heaven , thy madness shall be paid by weight , Till our scale turn the beam .	He will , sir , if He wants to .
O , good sir , I do .	Oh , yes I am , father .
Be patient .	Stay calm .
Come , shall we hear this music ?	Well , should we hear some music ?
Why , all these should be in the lantern ; for all these are in the moon .	Why , all these should be in the lantern ; for all these are in the moon .
I remember You did supplant your brother Prospero .	I remember you took the throne from your brother Prospero .
No — yes , sure .	No .
Strumpet , I come !	Prostitute , I ’ m coming !
What hast thou been ?	What were you before this ?
The wager ?	What ’ s the prize ?
I was about to protest I loved you .	I was about to swear that I loved you .
Then , good my liege , mistake me not so much To think my poverty is treacherous .	So , please , my lord , don ’ t assume that I ’ m treacherous just because I ’ m poor , with no titles to my name .
Come on .	Come on .
We are sent To give thee , from our royal master , thanks ; Only to herald thee into his sight , Not pay thee .	We are sent from our royal master , To give you thanks ; Only to bring you , announced , into his sight , Not just pay you for your brave deeds .
He has no more directions in the true disciplines of the wars , look you , of the Roman disciplines , than is a puppy dog .	He knows no more about the proper practice of war , see — the ancient practices — than a puppy .
Thou told 'st me thou didst hold him in thy hate .	You told me you hated him .
Men must not walk too late .	Men must not walk too late .
He taught me how to know a man in love , in which cage of rushes I am sure you are not prisoner .	He taught me how to recognize a man in love , and you ’ re not a prisoner of love , I ’ m sure .
I had it of him .	I got it from him .
Well struck !	Well done !
Yet he looks successfully .	Yet he seems capable .
Sir , you say well , and well you do conceive .	Sir , that ’ s well said and well thought out .
I cannot but remember such things were That were most precious to me .	I can ’ t help remembering the things that were most precious to me .
Is the storm overblown ?	Hass the storm blown over ?
Think on thy sins .	Think of your sins .
Come away .	Let ’ s go .
What soldiers , whey-face ?	What soldiers , milk-face ?
Fears and scruples shake us .	Right now we ’ re shaken up by fears and doubts .
Some there be that shadows kiss .	Some people kiss shadows .
Look , how he makes to Caesar .	Look , how he gets Caesar ’ s attention .
Discuss unto me : art thou officer or art thou base , common , and popular ?	Or are you low , vulgar , and of the common people ?
Know ’ st thou Fluellen ?	Do you know Fluellen ?
Tongue nor heart Cannot conceive nor name thee .	Tongue nor heart Cannot comprehend or name you !
Zounds , sir , you ’ re robbed !	For God ’ s sake , sir , you ’ ve been robbed .
If he be sad , he wants money .	If he looks serious , he must need money .
Where ’ s my fool , ho ?	Where ’ s my fool ?
Now he ’ ll outstare the lightning .	Now he ’ ll work himself up to a fury .
I do not know you so good a man as myself .	I do not know that you are as good a man as myself .
Set him before me ; let me see his face .	Bring him here ; let me see his face .
A friend .	A friend .
Striving to better , oft we mar what ’ s well .	But people often screw things up trying to make them better .
I prithee do not mock me , fellow student .	Please don ’ t mock me , fellow-student .
Make no noise , make no noise .	Be quiet , be quiet .
Now , as I am a Christian , answer me In what safe place you have bestowed my money , Or I shall break that merry sconce of yours That stands on tricks when I am undisposed .	Tell me where you ’ ve stowed away my money , or I swear I ’ ll break that comical head of yours for goofing when I ’ m not in the mood .
O , this is the poison of deep grief ; it springs All from her father 's death .	O , this is the poison of deep grief , it all springs From her father 's death .
Here in the tent .	Here in the tent .
Refuse it not .	Don ’ t refuse it .
Safer than trust too far .	That ’ s better than exaggerating our trust .
I am sure , the Duke Will never grant this forfeiture to hold .	I am sure the Duke Will never enforce this default .
Have you no more to say ?	Do you have anything else to say ?
And Cassius too .	And Cassius too .
O night , which ever art when day is not !	Oh night , which ever is when day is not !
I could not stay behind you .	I couldn ’ t stay behind after you left .
Hillo , ho , ho , boy .	Oh-ho-ho , kid !
Let us see .	Let ’ s see here .
O dear Ophelia , I am ill at these numbers ; I have not art to reckon my groans .	O dear Ophelia , I am sick at the number of my sighs , I don ’ t have the skill to calculate my groans .
Oh , treble woe Fall ten times treble on that cursèd head , Whose wicked deed thy most ingenious sense Deprived thee of !	Oh , damn three times , damn ten times the evil man whose wicked deed deprived you of your ingenious mind .
Blow , wind !	Blow , wind !
He is coming .	He is coming .
Drink , servant-monster , when I bid thee .	Drink when I order you , servant-monster .
I 'll fetch him presently .	I 'll go get him now .
When they will not give a doit to relieve a lame beggar , they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian .	The men there won ’ t give a penny to a lame beggar , but they ’ ll pay ten cents to look at a freak show exhibit .
Faith , sir , you need not fear .	Truly , sir , you don ’ t need to be afraid .
What , shall we toward the Tower ?	Well , should we head to the Tower ?
The Dauphin longs for morning .	The Dauphin really wants it to be morning .
What a wretched and peevish fellow is this king of England to mope with his fat-brained followers so far out of his knowledge .	What a miserable and obstinate fellow this king of England is , to blunder with his fat-headed followers so far beyond his capacity .
Take up the bodies .	Pick up the corpses .
Thou liest .	You lie .
Look , here it is .	Look , here it is .
Please you , farther .	But please tell me more .
That will never be .	That will never happen .
Harpier cries , “ ' Tis time , ’ tis time . ” Round about the cauldron go , In the poisoned entrails throw .	My spirit friend , Harpier , is yelling , “ It ’ s time , it ’ s time ! ” Dance around the cauldron and throw in the poisoned entrails .
Oh , yet I do repent me of my fury , That I did kill them .	And yet I still regret the anger that drove me to kill them .
Oh , dispatch me !	Oh , kill me !
He speaks well .	He speaks well .
And what say ’ st thou then to my love ?	So what do you say to my suit ?
This way , my lord ; the castle 's gently render 'd .	This way , my lord ; the castle 's gently surrounded .
Are all thy conquests , glories , triumphs , spoils , Shrunk to this little measure ?	Do all your conquests , glories , triumphs , spoils , Boil down to this ?
We have none such , sir .	We don ’ t have any music that can ’ t be heard .
So I do , madonna .	No , please , read it like a sane person .
With his own bolt ; the strong-based promontory Have I made shake , and by the spurs plucked up The pine and cedar ; graves at my command Have waked their sleepers , oped , and let ' em forth By my so potent art .	With his own lightning bolts ; I ’ ve shaken up the sturdy cliffs and uprooted pines and cedars ; I ’ ve opened up graves and awakened the corpses sleeping in them , letting them out with my powerful magic .
Long live she so !	Long live she so !
Well , do you so : let not me take him then , For if I do , I 'll mar the young clerk 's pen .	Well , do so : don ’ t let me take him then ; Because , if I do , I 'll break the young clerk 's pen .
Belike this show imports the argument of the play .	It ’ s as if this show describes the argument of the play .
Tomorrow shall you know our mind at full .	We ’ ll give you an answer tomorrow .
I may not , madam .	I can ’ t , ma 'am .
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Beshrew your eyes , They have o 'erlook 'd me , and divided me ; One half of me is yours , the other half yours , — Mine own , I would say ; but if mine , then yours , And so , all yours : O !	Curse your eyes , They have looked me over and divided me : One half of me is yours , the other half is also yours , My own love , I would say ; but if my love , then yours , And so everything yours .
Speak , man .	Speak , man .
My lord , I 'll hit him now .	My lord , I ’ ll hit him now .
When will he be here ?	When will he be here ?
O sir , such a life with such a wife were strange !	Sir , such a life with such a wife is unlikely !
Come on .	Come on .
I say , away !	I say , get away from me !
And it is marvel he outdwells his hour , For lovers ever run before the clock .	Yes , and that ’ s surprising , because lovers are usually early .
My lady has a white hand , and the Myrmidons are no bottle-ale houses .	My girlfriend has beautiful white hands , and great warriors aren ’ t Ha , ha !
O , here they come .	Here they come .
All my reports go with the modest truth , Nor more , nor clipped , but so .	I hope all reports about me simply tell the truth , no more or less .
Men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes , Which after-hours give leisure to repent .	Men act imprudently sometimes , then realize their mistakes when they have time to think about them .
Come , no matter vor your foins .	To hell with your sword .
And that same vengeance doth He hurl on thee For false forswearing and for murder too .	He does , and now he ’ s taking revenge on you — for breaking promises and for murder , too .
Follow his chariot , like the greatest spot Of all thy sex .	Follow his chariot , like the greatest disgrace to your whole gender .
I will be mild and gentle in my words .	I ’ ll be gentle and mild .
Methinks the ground is even .	The ground feels flat to me .
Here , here !	I ’ m here , here !
I will do 't !	I ’ ll do it .
Be that thou know ’ st thou art , and then thou art As great as that thou fear ’ st .	Be the person you know you are , and you ’ ll be as powerful as this person you fear .
Admired Miranda !	Admired Miranda !
Excellent .	Very wise .
How oddly he is suited !	How oddly he is dressed !
Therefore away , to get our stuff aboard .	Go and get our stuff onto the ship .
Not ?	You don ’ t ?
The man is , notwithstanding , sufficient ; — three thousand ducats ; — I think I may take his bond .	Three thousand dollars - I think I may take his promise to pay .
Fetch me this herb , and be thou here again Ere the leviathan can swim a league .	Fetch me this herb and come right back Before a huge sea creature can swim three miles .
And ask no other dowry with her but such another jest .	And I wouldn ’ t ask for any dowry except for her to play another trick like this one .
I protest , in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .	No , only in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .
Will you give thanks , sweet Kate , or else shall I ? — What ’ s this ?	Will you say grace , sweet Kate , or shall I ? — What is this ?
Talk you of young Master Launcelot ? — Mark me now — now will I raise the waters . — Talk you of young master Launcelot ?	Are you talking about young Master Launcelot ?
I have heard of some kind of men that put quarrels purposely on others , to taste their valor .	I ’ ve heard of men who pick fights with other people on purpose , just to see how brave they are .
Our arms in strength of malice and our hearts Of brothers ' temper do receive you in With all kind love , good thoughts , and reverence .	Our arms , which can be strong and cruel , and our hearts , filled with brotherly love , embrace you with kind love , good thoughts , and reverence .
What dost thou say ?	What did you say ?
I met her deity Cutting the clouds towards Paphos , and her son Dove-drawn with her .	I met Venus as she was with her son on her way to her home on Paphos , in a carriage pulled by doves .
Ah , good father , Thou seest the heavens , as troubled with man 's act , Threaten his bloody stage .	Ah , good father , You see the heavens , troubled with man 's acting , Threaten his bloody stage .
But , in faith , Kate , the elder I wax , the better I shall appear .	But I promise you , Kate : the older I grow the better I ’ ll look .
Be not ta 'en tardy by unwise delay .	But don ’ t delay .
It was , so please your highness .	It was yesterday , your highness .
Lend me a looking-glass .	Let me borrow a mirror .
I 'll about , And drive away the vulgar from the streets ; So do you too , where you perceive them thick .	I 'll go around And drive the low people away from the streets ; You do this too , where you see many of them gathered together .
Hark how our steeds for present service neigh .	Listen to our horses neighing , longing to be working .
Ah , my tender babes , My unblown flowers , new-appearing sweets , If yet your gentle souls fly in the air And be not fixed in doom perpetual , Hover about me with your airy wings And hear your mother ’ s lamentation .	If your gentle souls are still flying in the air and have not yet landed where they will remain forever , hover around me with your airy wings and hear your mother ’ s lament .
His present and your pains we thank you for .	Thank you for his present and your trouble .
Set your countenance , sir .	Places , everyone !
And I the king shall love thee .	And as king I ’ ll love you forever .
Gone ?	Gone ?
Here 's Cassio hurt by villains .	Here 's Cassio , hurt by villains .
A guiltless death I die .	I die an innocent death .
What shall be our sport , then ?	Well , then , what should we do for fun instead ?
Prithee , go in thyself .	Go inside yourself .
And ever will — though he do shake me off To beggarly divorcement — love him dearly , Comfort forswear me !	then I hope I have a life of misery !
The lady is dead upon mine and my master ’ s false accusation .	The lady has died because of the false accusations of me and my master .
Alas , gentlemen — Help , ho ! — Lieutenant — sir , Montano — Help , masters ! — Here ’ s a goodly watch indeed !	No , lieutenant — God , gentlemen — Help — Lieutenant — sir , Montano — Help , men ! — The night guard is coming !
When they shall see The face of Caesar , they are vanishèd .	When they see the face of Caesar , they will vanish .
That 's all one ; you shall play it in a mask , and you may speak as small as you will .	That ’ s nothing to worry about ; You shall play it with a mask on , and you can make your voice as light as you want .
Speak within door .	Keep your voice down .
His countenance likes me not .	I don ’ t like his face .
Trow you whither I am going ?	Do you know where I ’ m going ?
Would it not make one weep ?	Doesn ’ t that make you want to cry ?
Lulla , lulla , lullaby ; lulla , lulla , lullaby .	Lulla , lulla , lullaby ; lulla , lulla , lullaby .
For Lord Hamlet , Believe so much in him that he is young , And with a larger tether may he walk Than may be given you .	Remember that Hamlet is young and has a lot more freedom to fool around than you do .
Merciful heaven !	Merciful heaven !
What likelihood ?	what likelihood ?
How lush and lusty the grass looks !	Look how lush and healthy the grass is !
Therefore prepare thyself .	So why does it seem so particular to you ?
And who is England ’ s king but great York ’ s heir ?	And who is England ’ s king but an heir of the great York ?
How fearful And dizzy ’ tis to cast one ’ s eyes so low !	It ’ s so scary to look down !
Speak .	Tell me .
Then you will bring the chain to her yourself .	So you ’ ll bring the necklace to her yourself ?
I think I hear them . — Stand , ho !	I think I hear them .
By what rule , sir ?	Why not ?
Through the house give glimmering light , By the dead and drowsy fire .	Let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house .
Nay , indeed if you had your eyes , you might fail of the knowing me .	Even if you had your eyes , you still might not recognize me .
You shall close prisoner rest Till that the nature of your fault be known To the Venetian state . — Come , bring him away .	You ’ ll remain a prisoner until we bring your crimes to the Venetian government . — Okay , take him away .
Great thing of us forgot ! — Speak , Edmund , where ’ s the king ?	What an enormous thing for us to forget ! — Edmund , tell us , where ’ s the king ?
fool !	fool !
Alas , who knows ?	My God , who knows ?
See , who comes here ?	See , who comes here ?
A Norman was 't ?	A Norman , was it ?
Why do you weep ?	Why do you cry ?
It is his hand , my lord , but I hope his heart is not in the contents .	It ’ s his handwriting , my lord , but I hope he didn ’ t mean what he wrote .
Sir , by your patience : if I heard you rightly , The duke hath put on a religious life And thrown into neglect the pompous court .	Do you mean to say that the duke has abandoned the glamorous court to live as a monk ?
You are welcome : take your place .	You are welcome ; take your place .
It must be thought on .	We have to think about that .
Fie !	Damn !
We 'll burn the house of Brutus .	We 'll burn the house of Brutus .
I am sure I am none such .	I just know I ’ m not one .
Who ’ s there , in th ' other devil ’ s name ?	Who ’ s there , in the other devil ’ s name ?
If you be pleased , retire into my cell And there repose .	If you like , you can rest a while in my room .
Oh , that we then could come by Caesar ’ s spirit And not dismember Caesar !	Oh , how I wish we could oppose Caesar ’ s spirit — his overblown ambition — and not hack up Caesar himself !
If then they chanced to slack you , We could control them .	Then if they ’ re negligent , we could control them .
No , sir , there are moe with him .	No , sir , there are more with him .
Not yet old enough for a man , nor young enough for a boy , as a squash is before ’ tis a peascod , or a codling when ’ tis almost an apple .	Not old enough to be a man , but not young enough to be a boy .
I do , truly , for thou swear ’ st to me thou art honest .	I do , in fact .
Lysander , look how I do quake with fear .	Lysander , look how I shake with fear !
I am Launcelot , your boy that was , your son that is , your child that shall be .	I ’ m Launcelot , who was your boy , is your son , and will be your child .
I myself could make A chough of as deep chat .	I could do it myself .
But sure I fear we shall not win him to it .	But I ’ m afraid we ’ ll never get him to agree to be king .
Knock Knock Anon , anon !	In a minute , in a minute !
O villain !	O villain !
You take my house when you do take the prop That doth sustain my house .	You take my house away when you take the money I need for upkeep .
Well , we ’ ll see ’ t .	Well , let ’ s watch it .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Thy Brutus bid me give it thee , and I Will do his bidding .	Your Brutus ordered me to give it to you , and I ’ ll do what he says .
What , ho !	Help !
What is he at the gate , cousin ?	Who ’ s that at the gate , uncle ?
I warrant your honour .	I assure you .
Lady , shall I lie in your lap ?	My lady , should I lie in your lap ?
Where have you hid yourself ?	Where have you been hiding ?
Nay , come , Kate , come .	Oh , come on now , Kate .
Good fool , some ink , paper , and light , and convey what I will set down to my lady .	Get me some ink , paper , and a candle .
Have patience , gentle friends , I must not read it ; It is not meet you know how Caesar loved you .	Have patience , gentle friends , I must not read it ; It isn ’ t proper that you know how Caesar loved you .
May ’ t please your highness sit .	Why don ’ t you have a seat , your highness ?
Morton is fled to Richmond , And Buckingham , backed with the hardy Welshmen , Is in the field , and still his power increaseth .	The Bishop of Ely has fled to Richmond , and Buckingham , backed by a hardy Welsh army , is on the march .
My lord , I came to see your father 's funeral .	My lord , I came to see your father 's funeral .
Have I , my lord ?	Do I , sir ?
One woe doth tread upon another ’ s heel , So fast they follow . — Your sister ’ s drowned , Laertes .	Here ’ s the water , right ?
Never believe it .	Never believe it .
The gown is made Just as my master had direction .	The gown was made just as my master was directed .
Thou art a fellow of a good respect .	You ’ re a man with a good reputation .
That ’ s a fault .	That ’ s not good .
If such a one be fit to govern , speak .	If there is any one fit to govern , speak .
I thank you , Doctor .	I thank you , doctor .
Have patience , madam .	Be patient , madam .
Give me faith , say I.	God will protect me .
Ah , ha , my lord , this prince is not an Edward !	Ah , my lord , this prince is nothing like Edward !
How was this seal 'd ?	How was this sealed ?
Fie on her !	The hell with her !
Sure it is hers .	I ’ m telling you , it ’ s hers .
O God , Horatio , what a wounded name , Things standing thus unknown , shall live behind me !	Oh God , Horatio , what a damaged reputation I ’ m leaving behind me , as no one knows the truth .
Oh , wonder !	How amazing !
Blessed pudding !	Good lord !
Lives he ?	Is he still alive ?
Adieu , good Monsieur Melancholy .	Adieu , good Mr. Depression .
Was he a gentleman ?	Was he a gentleman ?
I 'll be an auditor ; An actor too perhaps , if I see cause .	I 'll listen , be An actor too perhaps , if I see a place to jump in .
Your Honor wins bad humors .	Your Honor ’ s is unhealthy talk .
If you say , I hope you will not kill me .	If you really feel that way , then I hope you won ’ t kill me .
We will spare for no wit , I warrant you .	We won ’ t hold back any of our wisdom .
Yet have I left a daughter .	You ’ re not really my daughter , but I still have one daughter left .
I do well believe your highness , and did it to minister occasion to these gentlemen , who are of such sensible and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing .	I really do believe your highness ; and did it to provide opportunity to these gentlemen , who have similar common sense and nimble lungs that they always use to laugh at nothing .
Did he ask for me ?	Did he ask about me ?
Tell me thine first .	Tell me your idea first .
Ha !	Ha !
Whate ’ er becomes of me , This is a soldier ’ s kiss .	Whatever happens to me , this is a soldier ’ s kiss .
Draw together .	You take out your sword too .
Most wonderful !	How unbelievable !
What would you say to me now , an I were your very , very Rosalind ?	What would you say to me now if I really were your precious little Rosalind ?
Shall I deny you ?	Would I ever deny you anything ?
Go carry them and smear The sleepy grooms with blood .	Go take them back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood .
There , drink that for me .	Here , drink to me .
You cannot revel into dukedoms there .	You can ’ t party your way into dukedoms there .
Is not tomorrow , boy , the ides of March ?	Isn ’ t tomorrow , boy , the Ides of March ?
Here , noble lord .	Here , noble lord .
But , alas the while !	But this is bad !
Doth the moon shine that night we play our play ?	Will the moon be shining on the night we ’ re performing our play ?
Courage .	Amen .
You have heard much .	You ’ ve heard a lot .
He would have deserved it : sixpence a day in Pyramus , or nothing .	Six cents a-day in Pyramus , or nothing .
What are you there ?	Who are you there ?
Bring me to Antony .	Take me to Antony .
Not dead ?	Not dead ?
Thus do they , sir : they take the flow o ’ th ’ Nile By certain scales i ’ th ’ Pyramid .	This is how they do it , sir : they measure the depth of the Nile , according to certain marks made on the walls of the Pyramid .
E 'en so .	Exactly like that .
You , sir ?	You , sir ?
I think the world ’ s asleep .	You ’ d think everyone was asleep .
Oh , she is Ten times more gentle than her father ’ s crabbed , And he ’ s composed of harshness .	Oh , she ’ s ten times nicer than her father is mean , and he ’ s the height of crabbiness .
I dare assure thee that no enemy Shall ever take alive the noble Brutus .	I can assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble Brutus alive .
Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	Would you ever do such a thing for all the world ?
Why , well .	Why , well .
My house was at the Phoenix ?	The Phoenix is my house ?
It is the cause .	It is the cause .
Though now we must appear bloody and cruel , As , by our hands and this our present act , You see we do , yet see you but our hands And this the bleeding business they have done .	Although we must appear bloody and cruel now , As you can see by our hands and this recent deed ; Still you can only see our hands And this bleeding business they have done .
foh !	damn !
Jove bless thee , master Parson .	God bless you , Mr.
You have done well , That men must lay their murders on your neck .	You have done well , That men must lay their murders on your neck .
I would thou hadst told me of another father .	I wish you had told me you had a different father .
Com ’ st thou again for ransom ?	Are you coming again for ransom ?
He is very near by this .	He must be very near by now .
Where we lay , Our chimneys were blown down and , as they say , Lamentings heard i ' th ' air , strange screams of death , And prophesying with accents terrible Of dire combustion and confused events New hatched to the woeful time .	The wind blew down through the chimneys where we were sleeping .
Alack , for mercy !	How sad , for mercy !
If he be so resolved , I can o 'ersway him .	If he ’ s reluctant , I can convince him .
Come .	Come on .
No , you shall pardon me .	No , you ’ ll have to excuse me .
I am very ill at ease , Unfit for mine own purposes .	I am very uncomfortable , Unfit for my own intentions .
This fellow might be in 's time a great buyer of land , with his statutes , his recognizances , his fines , his double vouchers , his recoveries .	This fellow might have been a great buyer of land in his time , with his statutes , his emblems , his fine art , his double billing , his house seizures ?
Hence , horrible villain , or I ’ ll spurn thine eyes Like balls before me !	Get out , you horrible bastard , or I ’ ll gouge out your eyes .
Yea , marry , that ’ s the eftest way . — Let the watch come forth .	Yes , good idea ; that ’ s the
Ho , Guildenstern !	Ho , Guildenstern !
what music ?	what music ?
The shrill-gorged lark so far Cannot be seen or heard .	The lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard .
Yours , yours .	Thank you .
And so she doth , cousin .	Why , you ’ re absolutely right , cousin .
No , not a denier .	No , not a penny .
Let me speak proudly : tell the constable We are but warriors for the working day ; Our gayness and our gilt are all besmirched With rainy marching in the painful field .	Let me speak proudly : tell the Constable we ’ re only workaday soldiers .
Get thee to a nunnery , go .	Get yourself to a convent , at once .
Give me your hands if we be friends , And Robin shall restore amends .	Give me some applause , if we ’ re friends , and Robin will make everything up to you .
Pour in sow ’ s blood , that hath eaten Her nine farrow ; grease that ’ s sweaten From the murderer ’ s gibbet throw Into the flame .	Pour in the blood of a sow who has eaten her nine offspring .
So swift a pace hath thought that even now You may imagine him upon Blackheath , Where that his lords desire him to have borne His bruisèd helmet and his bended sword Before him through the city .	Thoughts work so quickly that even now you can imagine him on Blackheath , where his lords suggest that he should carry his battle-scarred sword and helmet on a procession through the city .
Will you walk in to see their gossiping ?	Do you want to go in and join the party ?
Oh weary reckoning !	What a tedious wait !
It was about to speak when the cock crew .	It was about to say something when the rooster crowed .
Had it th ' ability of life to thank you .	Who will thank us now ?
One ever near thee .	Someone who was always near you .
Why , she comes to borrow nothing of them .	She ’ s not going to borrow money from them .
I promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now .	I swear to you , many members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before .
Dost thou think so , spirit ?	Do you think so , spirit ?
And discourse fustian with one ’ s own shadow ?	Ranting and raving to my own shadow !
Did you confer with him ?	Did you talk with him ?
Pluck up thy spirits .	Give us a smile .
Speak , Agrippa .	What is it , Agrippa ?
Duke Frederick , hearing how that every day Men of great worth resorted to this forest , Addressed a mighty power , which were on foot In his own conduct , purposely to take His brother here and put him to the sword .	When Duke Frederick heard that great , worthy men were coming to this forest every day , he raised a large army to invade this land and fight his brother .
Near to her close and consecrated bower , While she was in her dull and sleeping hour , A crew of patches , rude mechanicals , That work for bread upon Athenian stalls , Were met together to rehearse a play , Intended for great Theseus ' nuptial-day .	Near to her close and consecrated private place , While she was sleeping , A crew of actors , rude mechanicals , That work for bread near Athenian shops , Were met together to rehearse a play Intended for great Theseus ' wedding day .
Proceed .	Go on .
I may do that I shall be sorry for .	I might do something I ’ ll be sorry for .
How now , general ?	What ’ s wrong , general !
I hope this reason stands for my excuse .	I hope this explanation will stand as my excuse .
I ’ ll go arm myself .	I ’ ll go put my armor on .
Tis a very excellent piece of work , madam lady .	And what an excellent piece of work it is , too , madam lady !
Go you , call hither my fool .	And you , go call my fool .
I “ an itching palm ” !	Me , “ greedy ” !
The fool hath planted in his memory An army of good words ; and I do know A many fools , that stand in better place , Garnish 'd like him , that for a tricksy word Defy the matter .	The fool has planted in his memory An army of good words ; and I know Many fools that stand in a better place , Dressed like him , except that a tricky word Defies definition .
Nay , but hear me .	No , just listen to me .
Tom ’ s a- cold .	Tom ’ s chilly .
Use me well .	Treat me well .
There is so much that thou wilt kill me straight .	Here is some money for you to kill me immediately .
How cam 'st thou to be the siege of this moon-calf ?	How did you come to be the attack of this dreamer ?
O , reform it altogether !	O , overcome them with zeal .
Lo , yonder , and Titinius mourning it .	Behold , over there , and Titinius ’ mourning it .
Farewell , my lord .	Goodbye , my husband .
This man is Pyramus , if you would know ; This beauteous lady Thisbe is certain .	This man is Pyramus , if you want to know ; This beauteous lady is certainly Thisbe .
Why , then , ' tis hers , my lord , and being hers , She may , I think , bestow 't on any man .	Why , then , it is hers , my lord , and being hers , She may , I think , give it to any man .
I pray thee , hear me speak .	Please listen to me speak .
You ’ ll cry for this , minion , if I beat the door down .	If I break the door down , slave , you ’ ll be sorry for this .
Good morrow , Caesar .	Good morning , Caesar .
What does he say of Brutus ?	What does he say about Brutus ?
Leave me , Iago .	Leave me , Iago .
He hath been out nine years , and away he shall again .	He ’ s been gone for nine years and he ’ s leaving again soon .
A most miraculous work in this good king , Which often since my here-remain in England I have seen him do .	Edward ’ s healing touch is a miracle that I have seen him perform many times during my stay in England .
Are you content to stay ?	Delighted to stay ?
A knave teach me my duty !	A rogue teaching me my duty !
How shall we find the concord of this discord ?	How can this drama be so many contradictory things ?
Here comes the herald of the French , my liege .	Here comes the herald of the French , my liege .
Well , more anon . — Comes the king forth , I pray you ?	Well , we ’ ll speak more soon .
Cicero one !	Cicero one !
Could beauty , my lord , have better commerce than with honesty ?	But could beauty be related to anything better than goodness ?
Confess yourself freely to her , importune her help to put you in your place again .	Ask her to help you get back your position .
Hush !	Hush !
Let him do his spite .	Let him do his worse .
O mighty Caesar !	Oh , mighty Caesar !
Leave me , I say .	Now leave me alone , as I said .
O sir , pardon me !	Oh , sir , pardon me !
Behold , sir .	Look , sir .
Speak , speak .	Speak , speak .
None , my lord .	None , my lord .
Treason !	Treason !
None .	Nothing .
That cannot be ; since I am still possess 'd Of those effects for which I did the murder — My crown , mine own ambition , and my queen .	That can ’ t be it , since I still have All those things for which I did the murder , My crown , my own ambition , and my queen .
My estate is very low .	My money ’ s almost run out .
He uses his folly like a stalking-horse , and under the presentation of that he shoots his wit .	He uses his clownishness to disguise his deadly wit .
No port is free , no place That guard and most unusual vigilance Does not attend my taking .	Every town and port is crawling with henchmen on the lookout , waiting to capture me .
I 'll know his humor when he knows his time .	I 'll know his disposition when he knows the right time .
And the business you have broached here cannot be without you , especially that of Cleopatra ’ s , which wholly depends on your abode .	The business you began here needs you as well — especially the business with Cleopatra , which only you can attend to .
I know him well .	I know him well .
Hate me !	Hate me !
What color , madam ?	What color , madam ?
Nothing , unless you render her again .	Nothing , sir , except grandchildren .
If that you were the good Sir Rowland ’ s son , As you have whispered faithfully you were , And as mine eye doth his effigies witness Most truly limned and living in your face , Be truly welcome hither .	If you really are Sir Rowland ’ s son , as you ’ ve just whispered to me — and I can absolutely see the likeness in your face — you are truly welcome here .
Now , as you are a Roman , tell me true .	Now , as you ’ re a Roman , tell me the truth .
Prescribe not us our duty .	Don ’ t tell us what our duty is .
Most mighty Caesar , let me know some cause , Lest I be laugh 'd at when I tell them so .	Most mighty Caesar , let me know some reason , In case I ’ m laughed at when I tell them so .
What harmony is this ?	What music is this ?
It hath made me mad .	It ’ s driven me crazy .
And when I rear my hand , do you the like , To fall it on Gonzalo .	When I raise my hand , you do the same , and bring it down on Gonzalo ’ s head .
Dost thou like the plot , Trinculo ?	Do you like the plot , Trinculo ?
Where is my love ?	But where is my love ?
How ?	What ’ s that ?
Look you , sad friends , The gods rebuke me , but it is tidings To wash the eyes of kings .	Listen , sad friends , though the gods may rebuke me , this news would make kings cry .
I do beseech your Grace , Let me the knowledge of my fault bear with me .	Please , your Grace , tell me what crime I have committed .
Arise , dissembler .	Get up , liar .
What if my house be troubled with a rat And I be pleased to give ten thousand ducats To have it baned ?	What if I had a rat in my house , and I felt like paying ten thousand ducats to have it exterminated ?
I commanded the sleeves should be cut out and sewed up again , and that I ’ ll prove upon thee , though thy little finger be armed in a thimble .	I ordered that the sleeves be cut out and sewed up again , and I ’ ll prove it in combat even if your little finger is armed with your thimble .
Gracious England hath Lent us good Siward and ten thousand men ; An older and a better soldier none That Christendom gives out .	Gracious King Edward has sent us noble Siward and ten thousand soldiers .
Dost thou mock me ?	Do you make fun of me ?
The lover , all as frantic , Sees Helen 's beauty in a brow of Egypt .	The lover , just as crazy , Sees Helen of Troy 's beauty in an Egyptian .
I think it lacks of twelve .	A little before twelve , I think .
I said thou hadst a fine wit .	I said you had a fine wit .
Well , well .	Well , well .
Why , my young cousin ?	Why , dear child ?
Ay , do you fear it ?	Really , are you afraid of that ?
Let us not break with him , For he will never follow anything That other men begin .	He ’ ll never follow anything that other men have started .
You taught me language , and my profit on ’ t Is I know how to curse .	You taught me language , and all I can do with it is curse .
He may win ; And what is music then ?	He may win ; And what is music then ?
He misses not much .	He doesn ’ t miss much .
Rebellious hell , If thou canst mutine in a matron 's bones , To flaming youth let virtue be as wax And melt in her own fire .	Rebellious hell , If you can rebel in an old lady ’ s bones , Then let virtue be like wax to burning youth , And melt in her own fire .
You would be satisfied ?	You want proof ?
They are entirely welcome .	They ’ re entirely welcome .
Tear him to pieces .	Tear him to pieces .
Either there is a civil strife in heaven , Or else the world too saucy with the gods Incenses them to send destruction .	Either there is a civil strife in heaven , Or else the world has been too impudent with the gods , Incensing them to send destruction .
Here , sir , as foolish as I was before .	Here , sir , as foolish as ever .
This by Calphurnia ’ s dream is signified .	This is what Calphurnia ’ s dream means .
But , my lord , his Majesty bade me signify to you that he has laid a great wager on your head .	But , my lord , his majesty asked me to tell you that he has placed a great wager on your head .
Let us hear , sweet Bottom .	Tell us , Bottom .
Who can impress the forest , bid the tree Unfix his earth-bound root ?	Who can move the forest , bid the tree To walk away from his earth-bound root ?
Where art thou , keeper ?	Where are you , keeper ?
Call my guard , I prithee .	Call my guard , please .
I am bound to thee forever .	I ’ m indebted to you forever .
Tis good we do so .	Okay .
I am your own for ever .	I ’ m yours forever .
Not till God make men of some other metal than earth .	No , I won ’ t take a husband until they make men out of something other than dirt .
Here ’ s too much “ out upon thee ! ” I pray thee , let me in .	I ’ ve had enough of this “ off with you ! ” Come on , let me in !
Ay , my lord , an 't please you .	Yes , my lord , if it pleases you .
And how besides thyself ?	What do you mean , beside yourself ?
Your worth is very dear in my regard .	I appreciate your concern .
What trade , thou knave ?	What trade , boy ?
He hath not yet made wan- ton the night with her , and she is sport for Jove .	He hasn ’ t yet spent the wedding night with her ; and she is joy for the gods .
Thou 'rt a scholar .	You ’ re a smart guy .
Here come the officers .	The police are here .
Then he ’ s a rogue , and a passy-measures pavin .	Then he ’ s no good .
Believe me , I had rather have lost my purse Full of crusadoes ; and , but my noble Moor Is true of mind and made of no such baseness As jealous creatures are , it were enough To put him to ill thinking .	Believe me , I would rather have lost my purse Full of money , and , except that my noble Moor Is true of mind and made of no such lowness As jealous creatures are , it would be enough To put him to ill thinking .
Come , a passionate speech .	Come , a passionate speech .
Am I your man ?	Am I your servant ?
Set on , and leave no ceremony out .	Continue , then , and don ’ t forget to perform all of the rituals .
I ’ ll to the throng .	I ’ m going back into battle .
She Is daughter to this famous Duke of Milan , Of whom so often I have heard renown , But never saw before ; of whom I have Received a second life ; and second father This lady makes him to me .	She Is daughter to this famous Duke of Milan , Who I have so often heard has a great reputation , But that I never saw before ; of whom I have Received a second life : and this lady makes him A second father to me .
Belike some noble gentleman that means , Traveling some journey , to repose him here .	It ’ s probably some noble gentleman stopping off in mid-journey , thinking to spend the night here .
He , upon some action , Is now in durance at Malvolio ’ s suit , A gentleman and follower of my lady ’ s .	For some reason he ’ s in prison now on some legal technicality , on Malvolio ’ s orders .
If Echo were as fleet , I would esteem him worth a dozen such .	If Echo were as fast , he would be worth a dozen like Belman .
And so the lion vanished .	And then the lion vanishes .
Ay , marry , is ’ t .	Yes , it is .
The saddler had it , sir ; I kept it not .	The saddle maker has it , sir — I didn ’ t keep it .
Tis good you know not that you are his heirs , For if you should , O , what would come of it !	It ’ s good that you don ’ t know that you ’ re his heirs ; Because if you did , O , what would happen !
Fortune is an excellent moral .	She provides an excellent moral .
Change you color ?	Are you blushing ?
Here in this island we arrived , and here Have I , thy schoolmaster , made thee more profit Than other princesess ’ can , that have more time For vainer hours and tutors not so careful .	We arrived here on this island : and here I , your schoolmaster , have made you grow more Than other princes can , who have more time For worthless hours , and tutors that are not as careful .
How now , good Cassio !	Hello , good Cassio !
Thou wilt write to Antony ?	Are you going to write Antony about this ?
Hast thou forgot her ?	Have you forgotten her ?
A calendar , a calendar !	A calendar , a calendar !
This ring , good sir — alas , it is a trifle .	This ring , sir — oh no , it ’ s nothing .
Hush !	Quiet !
Now , in faith , Gratiano , You give your wife too unkind a cause of grief ; An ' twere to me , I should be mad at it .	Now , truly , Gratiano , You give your wife a cause for grief that is very unkind ; If it was given to me , I should be angry about it .
I know your favor well , Though now you have no sea-cap on your head . — Take him away .	I recognize your face perfectly , even without a sailor ’ s cap on your head . — Take him away .
Bid them achieve me and then sell my bones .	Tell them to capture me , then sell my bones .
I am not bid for love .	I wasn ’ t invited because they like me .
Better I were distract — So should my thoughts be severed from my griefs , And woes by wrong imaginations lose The knowledge of themselves .	It ’ d be better to be delirious and unaware of anything .
Nay , then , thou mock ’ st me .	No , you ’ re just taunting me .
Well then , now Have you consider 'd of my speeches ?	Well then , now .
Proceed .	Go on .
Shall I keep your hogs and eat husks with them ?	Should I tend your pigs and eat husks with them ?
Is there division ’ twixt my lord and Cassio ?	So there ’ s a rift between Othello and Cassio ?
Let him come in .	Let him come in .
Heaven bless us !	Heaven bless us !
Wear thou thy wrongs ; The title is affeer 'd .	Wear your wrongs , The title is settled .
Well , sir .	Very good , sir .
It is not very strange .	Actually , it ’ s not so unusual when you think about it .
The worthy Thane of Ross .	The worthy Baron of Ross .
Mark Antony , shall we give sign of battle ?	Mark Antony , should we give the signal to attack ?
That he hath not .	No , he hasn ’ t .
O mercy , God !	Merciful God !
Shylock , do you hear ?	Shylock , are you listening ?
What , with my tongue in your tail ?	You ’ re leaving with my tongue in your tail ?
And you all know , security Is mortals ' chiefest enemy .	As you all know , overconfidence is man ’ s greatest enemy .
Good morrow , both .	Good morning to both of you .
O cursed , cursed slave !	O cursed , cursed slave !
Farewell .	Farewell .
All hail , Macbeth !	All hail , Macbeth !
Our course will seem too bloody , Caius Cassius , To cut the head off and then hack the limbs , Like wrath in death and envy afterwards , For Antony is but a limb of Caesar .	Our action will seem too bloody if we cut off Caesar ’ s head and then hack at his arms and legs too , Caius Cassius — because Mark Antony is merely one of Caesar ’ s arms .
When the blood is made dull with the act of sport , there should be , again to inflame it and to give satiety a fresh appetite , loveliness in favor , sympathy in years , manners , and beauties ; all which the Moor is defec- tive in .	When the blood is made calm with playing , there should be something to fire it up again and to satisfy a fresh appetite , loveliness in favor ; sympathy in years , manners , and beauties , all which the Moor lacks .
Make it so known .	Make sure everyone knows that .
Pray you , sir , stand up ; I am sure you are not Launcelot , my boy .	Please , sir , stand up ; I am sure you are not Launcelot , my boy .
Good or bad news , that thou com ’ st in so bluntly ?	Is the news good or bad that you enter without knocking ?
Why , how now , Adam ?	Hey , what ’ s this , Adam ?
Now take them up , ” quoth he , “ if any list . ” Trembled and shook , for why he stamped and swore As if the vicar meant to cozen him .	She trembled and shook because he stamped and swore and carried on as though the vicar were trying to put something over on him .
she durst not lie Near this lack-love , this kill-courtesy .	she doesn ’ t dare lie Near this lack-love , this kill-courtesy .
Hear me with patience .	Hear me with patience .
More , Domitius : My lord desires you presently .	Another thing , Domitius : Antony wants to see you now .
Most mighty duke , behold a man much wronged .	Mighty duke , look here and see a man who ’ s been treated most terribly !
Their villainy goes against my weak stomach , and therefore I must cast it up .	Their villainy nauseates me , and I must therefore vomit it up .
Age , thou art shamed !	Age , shame on you !
But fish not with this melancholy bait For this fool gudgeon , this opinion . — Come , good Lorenzo . — Fare ye well awhile .	I ’ m a fool . — Let ’ s go , Lorenzo . — Goodbye for now .
Stands Scotland where it did ?	Is the situation in Scotland the same ?
Some are born great — ”	Some are born great — ”
Wouldst thou give ' em all ?	Did you have to give them everything ?
The next , our ship — Which , but three glasses since , we gave out split — Is tight and yare and bravely rigged as when We first put out to sea .	The next bit of good news is that our ship — which we gave up for ruined only three hours ago — is as well-outfitted and seaworthy as it was when we first set sail .
My lord , that would dishonor him !	But that would ruin his reputation !
I have nothing with this answer , Hamlet .	I have no idea what you ’ re talking about , Hamlet .
Ay , I thank God , my father , and yourself .	Yes , I thank God , my father , and yourself .
But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .	I think it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .
Most high , most mighty , and most puissant Caesar , Metellus Cimber throws before thy seat An humble heart .	Most high , most mighty , and most powerful Caesar , Metellus Cimber falls before you Most humbly .
Give me some help .	Help me .
My dearest love , Duncan comes here tonight .	My dearest love , Duncan comes here tonight .
The thrice three Muses mourning for the death Of learning , late deceased in beggary . ” That is some satire , keen and critical , Not sorting with a nuptial ceremony .	The nine Muses mourning the death of learning and scholarship . ” That ’ s some sharp , critical satire , and it ’ s not appropriate for a wedding .
Sir ?	Sorry , sir ?
Thou pray 'st not well .	You don ’ t pray well .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
My resolution ’ s placed , and I have nothing Of woman in me .	There ’ s nothing of the weak woman left in me .
O wherefore , Nature , didst thou lions frame ?	Oh , Mother Nature , why did you create lions ?
He weeps for what is done .	He weeps for what is done .
So stood the state when Henry the Sixth Was crowned in Paris but at nine months old .	That ’ s how it was with Henry the Sixth , who was crowned in Paris when he was only nine months old .
Thou 'rt i ' the right .	You ’ re right .
If thou canst nod , speak too .	If you can nod , speak too .
Out of their saddles into the dirt , and thereby hangs a tale .	From their saddles into the dirt — but that ’ s another story .
I would she were as lying a gossip in that , as ever knapped ginger , or made her neighbours believe she wept for the death of a third husband .	I wish she were as lying a gossip in that as ever knapped ginger or made her neighbors believe she wept for the death of a third husband .
Oh , this false soul of Egypt !	Oh , that devious Egyptian spirit !
All thy other titles thou hast given away that thou wast born with .	The bitter one is the other one — that ’ s you.LEAR Are you calling me a fool , boy ?
Here will I rest me till the break of day .	I ’ ll sleep here until morning .
It is not seen enough ; you should wear it in your cap .	It doesn ’ t get seen enough ; you should wear it in your cap , the way fools wear coxcombs .
Of what kind should this cock come of ?	What kind of fighting cock is this ?
Oh , ay , Curtis , ay , and therefore fire , fire .	Yes , yes , Curtis , so hurry up and start the fire .
What would you with me , honest neighbor ?	What do you want from me , my good man ?
If sight and shape be true , Why then , my love adieu .	If my eyes aren ’ t deceiving me , goodbye , love .
I will not leave him now till Cassio Be call 'd to him .	I will not leave him now until Cassio Is called to him .
Even now , sir .	Yes , sir .
So do not I.	I ’ m not .
He keeps them , like an ape , in the corner of his jaw ; first mouth 'd , to be last swallowed .	He keeps them , like an ape , in the corner of his jaw , first to be tasted , and then at last swallowed .
My pretty cousin , Blessing upon you !	My pretty cousin , Blessing upon you !
Bid me tear the bond .	Tell me to tear up this contract .
It is a tale Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , Signifying nothing .	Life is a story told by an idiot , full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning .
Horatio , when thou shalt have overlook 'd this , give these fellows some means to the King .	Horatio , when you read this , give these fellows some way to talk to the king .
What shall become of this ?	Why should we do this ?
How comes this trick upon him ?	How did he get such an idea ?
I never saw you in my life till now .	I never saw you before in my life .
Speak thou now .	Speak now .
Hic et ubique ?	You are everywhere ?
My sword is drawn .	I have drawn my sword .
I will go seek him .	I ’ ll go find him .
But jealous souls will not be answered so .	But jealous people don ’ t think like that .
From the four corners of the earth they come To kiss this shrine , this mortal breathing saint .	They come from the four corners of the earth to kiss this shrine and see this living , breathing saint .
Give me that boy and I will go with thee .	Give me that boy and I ’ ll come with you .
For your part , To you our swords have leaden points , Mark Antony .	For you , our swords have blunt edges , too dull to harm you , Mark Antony .
Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf , and hope all will be well .	Tell him I ’ ve spoken to my husband on his behalf , and I think everything will be all right .
Ay , every man away .	Yes , every man forward .
Scout me for him at the corner the orchard like a bum-baily .	Look out for him in the corner of the orchard as if you were a sheriff ’ s deputy .
If I could pray to move , prayers would move me .	If I could beg others to change their minds , begging would convince me , too .
But in my conscience , sir , I do not care for you .	But I ’ ll admit I don ’ t care for you .
Tis call 'd the evil : A most miraculous work in this good King , Which often , since my here-remain in England , I have seen him do .	It is called “ the evil , ” A most miraculous work in this good king , Which often , since my stay in England , I have seen him do .
I will do so .	I ’ ll do so .
There is no more to say ?	Is there anything else to say ?
You know I gave it you half an hour since .	You know that I gave it to you a half hour ago .
Let four captains Bear Hamlet like a soldier to the stage ; For he was likely , had he been put on , To have proved most royal ; and , for his passage , The soldiers ' music and the rites of war Speak loudly for him .	Let four captains Bear Hamlet like a soldier to the platform , For he was likely , had he been King , To have proved most royal , and , for his passage , The soldiers ' music and the rites of war will Speak loudly for him .
Madam , in Rome .	In Rome , Madam .
Tell them that you know that Hero loves me .	Tell them you know that Hero loves me .
By the apostle Paul , shadows tonight Have struck more terror to the soul of Richard Than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers Armed in proof and led by shallow Richmond .	By St. Paul , ghosts have struck more terror in my soul tonight than ten thousand of worthless Richmond ’ s soldiers could , dressed up in their most sword-proof armor .
Farewell , good Strato .	Goodbye , good Strato .
Let our just censures Attend the true event , and put we on Industrious soldiership .	Let a true evaluation of the military situation Wait until we have won the battle .
Look what I speak , or do , or think to do , You are still crossing it .	Whatever I say , or think , or do , you ’ re continually contradicting it .
Nothing .	No .
O , fear me not .	Don ’ t worry , I won ’ t .
If she find him not , To England send him ; or confine him where Your wisdom best shall think .	If she can ’ t find out what ’ s wrong , Then send him to England , or lock him up where You think is the best place .
What 's your gracious pleasure ?	What 's your gracious pleasure ?
One of these three contains her heavenly picture .	One of these three boxes contains her lovely picture .
My curses on her !	I curse her .
I do beseech you , give him leave to go .	I do beg you , give him permission to go .
Was my father a traitor , Mother ?	Was my father a traitor , mother ?
She ’ s like a liar gone to burning hell .	She was lying even as she was going down to hell .
O sir , you are too sure an augurer .	Oh , sir , you are too good at predicting the future .
Keep close , I thee command .	And keep yourself hidden , I command you .
And let him play his music .	And let him practice his music .
There 's such divinity doth hedge a king That treason can but peep to what it would , Acts little of his will .	There 's such divinity that surrounds a king , That treason can only peep to what it would do , Acts little by his will .
I do desire you Not to deny this imposition , The which my love , and some necessity , Now lays upon you .	I don ’ t want you To deny this imposition , Which my love and some necessity Now lays on you .
No , my good lord .	No , my lord , that was me .
They all do hate him As rootedly as I.	All the spirits hate him as much as I do .
For if the sun breed maggots in a dead dog , being a good kissing carrion — Have you a daughter ?	Since if the sun breeds maggots on a dead dog , kissing the corpse — by the way , do you have a daughter ?
Never make known what you have seen to-night .	Never make known what you have seen tonight .
Come , Vaughan .	Come , Vaughan .
What , sir , not yet at rest ?	You ’ re not asleep yet , sir ?
These tedious old fools !	These tedious old fools !
Why , he drinks you with facility your Dane dead drunk ; he sweats not to overthrow your Almain ; he gives your Hollander a vomit ere the next pottle can be filled .	Why , he drinks your Dane dead drunk easily ; he doesn ’ t even sweat to defeat your German ; he makes your Hollander vomit before the next round can be poured .
So much was his pleasure should be proclaimed .	His pleasure should be proclaimed this much .
If thou hast nature in thee , bear it not .	If you are human , don ’ t stand for it .
O , ’ twas the foulest deed to slay that babe , And the most merciless that e 'er was heard of !	Oh , killing that child was the dirtiest , most merciless deed there ever was !
Be not too tame neither ; but let your own discretion be your tutor .	But don ’ t be too tame either , but let your own discretion be your teacher .
My lord , there was no such stuff in my thoughts .	My lord , there wasn ’ t any such stuff in my thoughts .
I have wasted myself out of my means .	I have wasted myself out of my money .
O noble Emperor , do not fight by sea !	Oh , don ’ t fight by sea , noble Emperor !
She hath spied him already with those sweet eyes .	She has already seen him with those sweet eyes .
I speak not yet of proof .	I don ’ t speak yet of proof .
You cannot feed capons so .	I ’ m positively stuffed with air , I eat so much of it .
And what 's the news , good cousin Lodovico ?	And what 's the news , good cousin Lodovico ?
In happy time .	In happy time .
To whom in all this presence speaks your Grace ?	Which of us are you referring to ?
This is mere madness .	This is pure insanity .
And did not she herself revile me there ?	And she screamed at me , right ?
It harrows me with fear and wonder .	It fills me with fear and wonder .
One word more .	Oh !
I doubt it is no other but the main , His father 's death and our o 'erhasty marriage .	I doubt it is none other than the main reason , His father 's death and our overly hasty marriage .
In Belmont is a lady richly left , And she is fair , and , fairer than that word , Of wondrous virtues .	In Belmont , there is a rich heiress And she is beautiful and , more beautiful than that word , She has wonderful virtues .
At thy request , monster , I will do reason , any reason .	At your request , monster , I will do reason , any reason .
Trail ’ st thou the puissant pike ?	Do you carry a pike ?
Well I know the man .	I know the man well .
Would you not swear , All you that see her , that she were a maid By these exterior shows ?	All of you who are looking at her , wouldn ’ t you swear that she ’ s a virgin , judging by these outward shows ?
If thy speech be sooth , I care not if thou dost for me as much .	If what you say is true , you can do the same to me .
By running fast .	By running fast .
I 'll give thee a wind .	I 'll give you a wind for your sail .
in action how like an angel !	In action how like an angel !
Marry , here ’ s grace and a codpiece — that ’ s a wise man and a fool .	A wise man and a fool .
You shall read us the will , Caesar 's will .	We 'll hear it , Antony ; You shall read us the will , — Caesar 's will !
What kind of woman is ’ t ?	What kind of woman is she ?
Then we 'll shift our ground .	then we 'll move our ground .
Yes , faith , and all his lords , the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain .	Yes , indeed , and all the King ’ s men , the Duke of Milan and his fine son too .
My lord , I do not know , But truly I do fear it .	My lord , I don ’ t know , But I truly fear it .
Sure , Luciana , it is two o 'clock .	Surely , Luciana , it ’ s already two o 'clock .
Wherefore ?	Why ?
No , let 's come in !	No , let 's come in .
See where his Grace stands , ’ tween two clergymen .	See how he stands between two clergymen !
And , dying so , death is to him advantage ; or not dying , the time was blessedly lost wherein such preparation was gained .	Then if he dies , his death serves him .
Oh , my dear Cassio !	Oh , my dear Cassio !
Go , write it in a martial hand .	Go ahead and write it down .
Why , tell me , is not this my Cambio ?	Say , isn ’ t this the Latin master Cambio ?
I have no hope That he 's undrowned .	I have no hope That he 's not drowned .
Music , and a song Music , and a song Hark !	Listen !
And let her speak of me before her father .	of her father .
They are about the court , And , as I think , they have already order This night to play before him .	They are here at court now , and I believe they ’ ve been told to give a performance for him tonight .
Where art thou , proud Demetrius ?	Where are you , Demetrius , you arrogant bastard ?
No , in despite of sense and secrecy , Unpeg the basket on the house 's top , Let the birds fly , and like the famous ape , To try conclusions , in the basket creep And break your own neck down .	No , in spite of sense and secrecy , Don ’ t open the basket on the roof , Let the birds fly , and , like the famous ape To test conclusions , don ’ t creep into the basket And break your own neck .
I ’ ll serve you , sir , five hundred at the rate .	I can get you five hundred ropes for that price .
how am I false ?	How am I false ?
O Brutus !	Oh , Brutus !
Well , honor is the subject of my story .	Well , honor is the subject of my story .
The question of his death is enrolled in the Capitol .	The reasons for his death are recorded in the Capitol .
Arise , I say !	Get up , I tell you !
Bianca ’ s love Made me exchange my state with Tranio , While he did bear my countenance in the town , And happily I have arrivèd at the last Unto the wishèd haven of my bliss .	Bianca ’ s love made me trade places with Tranio while he masqueraded as me around town .
Bring a corollary , Rather than want a spirit .	Bring a conclusion , Rather than need a spirit : appear , and quickly .
What men have you lost , Fluellen ?	What men have you lost , Fluellen ?
No , no , we will hold it as a dream till it appear itself .	No , no , until it comes true we ’ ll pretend it was just a dream we had .
Would not they speak ?	They wouldn ’ t say anything ?
Show me , my women , like a queen .	Women , dress me like a queen .
She loved me for the dangers I had passed , And I loved her that she did pity them .	She said she loved me for the dangers I ’ d survived , and I loved her for feeling such strong emotions about me .
Hark !	Listen !
She turned to folly , and she was a whore .	She cheated on me , and she was a whore .
Good beauties , let me sustain no scorn .	Beautiful ladies , please don ’ t treat me badly .
Here ’ s packing , with a witness , to deceive us all !	We ’ ve all been duped .
Shall we go , coz ?	Yes .
Write them together , yours is as fair a name .	Write them together — yours is just as good a name .
Belike this show imports the argument of the play .	This pantomime was probably a summary of the play .
He is composed and framed of treachery , And fled he is upon this villainy .	He is made of treachery , and has run away to avoid his crimes .
And , noble signior , If virtue no delighted beauty lack , Your son-in-law is far more fair than black .	And , noble Signior , If virtue is missing delightful beauty , Your son-in-law is far more just than black .
How if fair and foolish ?	What if she is beautiful and foolish ?
It is good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb .	It ’ s good for your fresh wound and your bloody noggin .
His nurse ?	His nurse ?
Tis good .	Good .
Her father loved me , oft invited me , Still questioned me the story of my life From year to year , the battles , sieges , fortunes , That I have passed .	Her father loved me and used to invite me to his house often , continually asking me about my life and all the battles I ’ ve fought .
Get thee gone .	Get out of here .
Marry , will I , sir .	I certainly will , sir .
No beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity .	Even the fiercest wild animal has some touch of pity .
If I could make that resemble something in me — Softly !	If only I could somehow relate them to me !
Wilt thou make a trust a transgression ?	What , is trusting a friend such a crime ?
When I spoke that , I was ill-tempered too .	When I said that , I was angry too .
To cabin , silence !	Go to your cabins and be quiet !
Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf and hope all will be well .	Tell him I have moved my lord on his behalf , and hope all will be well .
But yet I feel I fear .	But I ’ m still afraid .
Madam , what should I do ?	Madam , what should I do ?
I am dying , Egypt , dying .	I am dying , Cleopatra , dying .
I dare abide no longer .	I cannot stay any longer .
Ay , sir .	Yes .
Indeed , my lord , it followed hard upon .	Indeed , my lord , it followed very soon after .
I am informed thoroughly of the cause .	I am thoroughly informed about the case .
Are they all ready ?	Are they all ready ?
I hope your Majesty is pear me testimony and witness , and will avouchment that this is the glove of Alençon that your Majesty is give me , in your conscience now .	I hope your Majesty will , in all good conscience , bear me out and vouch for the fact that this is the glove of Alençon and that your Majesty gave it to me .
Away , and let me die .	Go away and let me die .
Your Grace , we think , should soonest know his mind .	You , I think , would best know what he ’ s thinking .
Why did you so ?	Why did you do that ?
What is this castle called that stands hard by ?	What is the name of the castle that stands over there ?
My master 's a very Jew .	My master 's a very Jew .
Well , daughter , and you gentlewomen all , Withdraw into a chamber by yourselves , And when I send for you , come hither masked .	When I send for you , come out wearing masks .
Alas , he faints !	He ’ s fainted !
Proof enough to misuse the Prince , to vex Claudio , to undo Hero , and kill Leonato .	Evidence enough to deceive the Prince , anger Claudio , ruin Hero , and kill Leonato .
Then walk we forth , even to the marketplace , And waving our red weapons o 'er our heads Let ’ s all cry , “ Peace , freedom , and liberty ! ” Stoop , then , and wash .	Then we ’ ll go out , even to the marketplace , and , waving our bloody swords over our heads , let ’ s cry , “ Peace , freedom , and liberty ! ” Kneel then , and wash .
For when thou gavest them the rod , and put ’ st down thine own breeches , Prithee , nuncle , keep a schoolmaster that can teach thy fool to lie .	That ’ s when you gave them the spanking paddle and pulled your pants down , Please , uncle , hire a teacher who can teach your fool to lie .
Is Claudio thine enemy ?	Is Claudio your enemy ?
Your wife would give you little thanks for that , If she were by , to hear you make the offer .	Your wife would give you little thanks for that , If she were here to listen to such an offer .
A heavy sight !	What a sad sight !
It shall be to your good , for my father ’ s house and all the revenue that was old Sir Rowland ’ s will I estate upon you , and here live and die a shepherd .	It will be to your advantage , because I ’ ll leave our father ’ s house and all his property to you , while I live and die a shepherd here in the forest .
Foul deeds will rise , Though all the earth o 'erwhelm them , to men ’ s eyes .	Bad deeds will be revealed , no matter how people try to hide them .
Give me my veil .	Give me my veil .
Bassanio told him he would make some speed Of his return .	Bassanio told him he ’ d try to hurry back .
Welcome , dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern .	Welcome , dear Rosencrantz and Guildenstern !
If I lose a scruple of this sport , let me be boiled to death with melancholy .	If I miss this , let me be boiled alive .
Would that he were gone !	I wish he ’ d go away !
Why he more than another ?	Are you sad about that ?
How do you , pretty lady ?	Thank you .
The best and soundest of his time hath been but rash .	Yes , he was hotheaded even in the prime of his life .
I hear him mock The luck of Caesar , which the gods give men To excuse their after wrath . — Husband , I come !	I hear him mock Caesar ’ s luck , which the gods give to men in order to balance out their subsequent wrath .
Let him send no more — Unless perchance you come to me again To tell me how he takes it .	Tell him not to send any more messengers — unless you feel like coming back to tell me how he took the bad news .
A commodity in question , I warrant you . — Come , we ’ ll obey you .	Let ’ s go , we ’ ll obey you .
Is ’ t lost ?	Is it lost ?
Why is this ' impawned , ' as you call it ?	Why is this all wagered , as you call it ?
Are your doors lock 'd ?	Are your doors locked ?
If he do resist , Subdue him at his peril .	If he resists , Subdue him at his peril .
O noble Caesar !	Oh , noble Caesar !
The honor is sacred which he talks on now , Supposing that I lacked it . — But , on , Caesar .	You agreed to send me troops and weapons when I needed them .
We must follow the leaders .	Come on , we have to follow the leaders of the dance .
What you would have I ’ ll stay to know at your abandoned cave .	I ’ ll wait for you in your cave , where you can tell me what you need from me .
If you offend him , I for him defy you .	If you ’ ve offended him , I ’ ll fight you .
What would you , Desdemona ?	What do you want to do , Desdemona ?
Sir , in Argier .	In Algiers , sir .
We should have else desired your good advice — Which still hath been both grave and prosperous — In this day ’ s council , but we ’ ll take tomorrow .	We would have liked to have heard your good advice , which has always been serious and helpful , at the council today , but we ’ ll wait until tomorrow .
Death , in guerdon of her wrongs , Gives her fame which never dies .	To repay her for her troubles , Death Gives her undying fame .
Whip him , fellows , Till like a boy , you see him cringe his face And whine aloud for mercy .	Whip him , fellows , until he screws up his face like a baby and cries aloud for mercy !
O heaven ! — How got she out ?	How did she get out ?
Dolabella !	Dolabella .
Tis strange , my Theseus , that these lovers speak of .	It ’ s strange , my Theseus , the story that these lovers speak of .
Why , then the Polack never will defend it .	Why , then the Poles never will defend it .
It proves not so .	Turns out to be untrue ; their battles are nearby .
A trumpet without .	A trumpet within .
Look , my lord , it comes !	Look , sir — here it comes !
Foul weather ?	Bad times ?
Miranda . — O my father , I have broke your hest to say so !	Miranda . — Oh father , I ’ ve disobeyed you by telling him that !
No mind that 's honest But in it shares some woe , though the main part Pertains to you alone .	Only a mind that 's honest Could share some of this woe , although the main part Pertains to you alone .
Out , fool .	Oh , stop , fool .
Yea , and paid me richly for the practice of it .	Yes , and paid me well for doing it .
You are as good as a chorus , my lord .	You are a good chorus , my lord .
Peace , and be still !	Peace , and be quiet !
I shall be pinched to death .	He ’ ll kill me with tortures .
Good Hamlet , cast thy nighted color off , And let thine eye look like a friend on Denmark .	Good Hamlet , take off your black looks , And let your eye look on the King like a friend .
The tender prince Would fain have come with me to meet your Grace , But by his mother was perforce withheld .	Your sweet brother wanted to come meet you , but his mother wouldn ’ t let him .
I will tomorrow , And betimes I will , to the weird sisters .	I will go tomorrow , ( And I will go early in the morning ) to the weird sisters .
The powers of the kingdom approach apace .	The British troops are coming near .
The castle ’ s gently rendered .	Our noblemen are battling bravely .
Oh , strange !	It ’ s a monster !
Signior , it is the Moor .	Sir , it ’ s the Moor .
We must not now displease him .	We must not now displease him .
He shall do this ; or else I do recant The pardon that I late pronounced here .	He shall do this , or else I take back The pardon that I just pronounced here .
How dost thou , Guildenstern ?	How are you , Guildenstern ?
Light is an effect of fire , and fire will burn : ergo , light wenches will burn .	But fire also gives off light , and fire will burn you .
Nay , let him alone .	No , leave him alone .
You will compel me then to read the will ?	You ’ ll force me , then , to read the will ?
Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark .	Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark .
I thank you , gentle uncle .	Thank you for asking , uncle .
Smile you my speeches as I were a fool ?	Are you laughing at what I say , as if I were a fool ?
Take up my mistress ' gown for thy master ’ s use !	Take off my mistress ' gown for your master ’ s use !
Get on your nightgown , lest occasion call us And show us to be watchers .	Put on your nightgown , in case someone comes and sees that we ’ re awake .
Clerk , draw a deed of gift .	Clerk , draw up a deed of gift .
Ah , this thou shouldst have done And not have spoke on ’ t !	Oh , you should have done it without telling me !
Come , come , away .	Come on , come on .
Doth he not mend ?	Isn ’ t he getting funnier ?
Ay , past all surgery .	Yes , but no doctor can help me .
Show me briefly how .	Quickly , tell me how .
Pish !	Piss off !
Lord , what though ?	Lord , so what ?
At your noble pleasure .	I ’ ll be at your service .
Well , sir , I will .	All right , sir , I will .
I ’ ll pull thee by the lesser legs .	I ’ ll pull on these smaller legs .
Exclaim no more against it .	Don ’ t say anything bad about wine anymore .
We will behold his death .	We will watch the execution .
Then yield thee , coward , And live to be the show and gaze o ' th ' time .	Then surrender , coward , and we ’ ll put you in a freakshow , just like they do with deformed animals .
At once , good night .	Good night .
No wonder , sir , But certainly a maid .	I ’ m not a miracle , sir ; But certainly a virgin .
Know That it was he , in the times past , which held you So under fortune , which you thought had been Our innocent self ?	You know He was the one , in the times past , who held you back from promotion , and you thought it was our innocent self .
The Thane of Cawdor lives , A prosperous gentleman ; and to be King Stands not within the prospect of belief , No more than to be Cawdor .	The Baron of Cawdor lives , A prosperous gentleman ; and for me to be king Is beyond belief , No more than to be Baron of Cawdor .
Oh , these men , these men !	Oh , these men , these men !
who 's within ?	Who 's in there ?
My lord , I will use them according to their desert .	My lord , I will give them all they deserve .
Pleaseth your Grace To appoint some of your council presently To sit with us once more with better heed To resurvey them , we will suddenly Pass our accept and peremptory answer .	If your Grace would kindly appoint some members of your council to sit with me once more and go over them more carefully , I will give my answer and acceptance right away .
Believe me for mine honor , and have respect to mine honor , that you may believe .	Believe me based on my honor , and have respect for my honor , so you can believe .
Enough .	Enough .
Tis pity of him .	It ’ s too bad .
Up , my lords .	Awake , my lords !
He 's gone , but his wife 's kill 'd .	He 's gone , but his wife 's killed .
Let go !	Let go of it !
My money is almost spent , I have been tonight exceedingly well cudgeled , and I think the issue will be I shall have so much experience for my pains .	I ’ ve spent most of my money , and tonight I got beaten up .
Unfold it .	Go ahead .
Hot , hot , and moist .	Hot , hot and moist .
I tell thee true .	I ’ m telling the truth .
Villains , you did not so when your vile daggers Hacked one another in the sides of Caesar .	Villains , you didn ’ t do even that much when your vile daggers struck each other as they hacked up Caesar ’ s sides .
I pray you , rise .	Please rise , Queen .
Pisa , renownèd for grave citizens , Gave me my being and my father first , A merchant of great traffic through the world , Vincentio , come of the Bentivolii .	I was born in Pisa , famous for its serious citizens , like my father before me ; my father , Vincentio , a successful , world-traveled merchant , was one of the
Is this the monument of Leonato ?	Is this the family tomb of Leonato ?
All three of them are desperate .	All three of them are crazy with despair .
Hark , they roar !	Listen , they roar .
Out , dog !	Get out , dog !
Sweet Sir Toby , be patient for tonight .	Dear Sir Toby , don ’ t do anything rash tonight .
If this be so , why blame you me to love you ?	And why do you blame me for loving you ?
Fie , that you ’ ll say so !	You shouldn ’ t talk about him like that !
What should I do with him ?	And then what would I do with him ?
Come , let ’ s do so .	Let ’ s do that .
And some have greatness thrust upon them . ” Heaven restore thee !	And some have greatness thrust upon them . ” Heaven help you !
For ' tis most easy The inclining Desdemona to subdue In any honest suit .	Because it is very easy To involve the listening Desdemona In any honest pursuit .
But , as he was ambitious , I slew him .	But his ambition — for that , I killed him .
How is 't , Laertes ?	How are you , Laertes ?
If without peril it be possible , Sweet Blunt , make some good means to speak with him , And give him from me this most needful note .	If it ’ s possible to do this without putting yourself in danger , dear Captain Blunt , say goodnight to him from me and give him this important note .
If you do not , if I be left alone , Now , by mine honor — which is yet mine own — I ’ ll have that doctor for my bedfellow .	If you don ’ t , if I ’ m left alone , I swear I ’ ll have that legal expert as my bedfellow .
But when they should endure the bloody spur , They fall their crests and , like deceitful jades , Sink in the trial .	But when push comes to shove , they droop like those horses that are all show and slow to a crawl .
I am young , but something You may deserve of him through me , and wisdom To offer up a weak , poor , innocent lamb To appease an angry god .	I am young , only something You may deserve of him through me , and wisdom To offer up a weak , poor , innocent lamb To appease an angry god .
What , must our mouths be cold ?	What , must our voices be ignored ?
Milan and Naples have More widows in them of this business ' making Than we bring men to comfort them .	Our shipwreck has made more women widows in Milan and Naples than there are survivors to comfort them .
So doth the greater glory dim the less : A substitute shines brightly as a king , Unto the king be by ; and then his state , Empties itself , as doth an inland brook Into the main of waters .	A substitute shines as brightly as a king Until a king is back , and then the substitute ’ s Condition drains away , as an inland brook does Into the river of waters .
No , my good lord .	No , my good lord .
Croak not , black angel .	Stop whining , devil .
What !	What !
I have sent to bid Cassio come speak with you .	I have sent to bid Cassio to come and speak with you .
In the corrupted currents of this world Offense ’ s gilded hand may shove by justice , And oft ’ tis seen the wicked prize itself Buys out the law .	In this wicked world , criminals often take the money they stole and use it to buy off the law , shoving justice aside .
I am sure he is in the fleet .	I ’ m sure he ’ s out there dancing .
I am for thee straight .	I am ready for you .
Forth , my sword ; he dies .	Go forth , my sword ; he dies .
Here , my lord .	Here , my lord .
We ’ ll not run , Monsieur Monster .	We ’ re not going to run in our army , Monsieur Monster .
Faith , once or twice she heaved the name of “ father ” Pantingly forth as if it pressed her heart , Cried , “ Sisters , sisters !	Actually , once or twice she sighed and said , “ father , ” as if the word were pressing on her chest .
We know what belongs to a watch .	We know what ’ s appropriate for a watch .
Are you yet determined Today to marry with my brother ’ s daughter ?	Are you still set on marrying my brother ’ s daughter ?
You cannot , sir , take from me any thing that I will more willingly part withal — except my life , except my life , except my life .	You can ’ t take anything from me that I care less about — except my life , except my life , except my life .
Yonder sure they are coming .	Yes , I see them coming .
And never could maintain his part but in the force of his will .	Or in the power of reason .
There 's fennel for you , and columbines .	There 's fennel for you , and columbines .
Wrench his sword from him .	Grab his sword from him .
What sayest thou , Biondello ?	What is it , Biondello ?
Sure , he that made us with such large discourse , Looking before and after , gave us not That capability and godlike reason To fust in us unused .	Surely He that made us with such large capacity , Looking before and after , didn ’ t give us That capability and godlike reason To go stale in us , unused .
Do not laugh at me , For as I am a man , I think this lady To be my child Cordelia .	Don ’ t laugh at me , but I swear I think this lady is my child Cordelia .
Under Sir Thomas Erpingham .	Sir Thomas Erpingham .
Read it instantly .	Read it instantly .
Yet would not so have been , Durst I have done my will .	But I didn ’ t want to be free like this .
As ever you come of women , come in quickly to Sir John .	If you ever had a mother , come in quickly to Sir John .
I ’ ll carry it to the pile .	I ’ ll take it over to the pile .
O , then I see you will part but with light gifts .	Oh , I see , you will only part with lightweight presents .
A sister I bequeath you whom no brother Did ever love so dearly .	I give you a sister whom I love more than a brother ever loved any sister .
I have no great devotion to the deed And yet he hath given me satisfying reasons .	I don ’ t really want to do this , but he ’ s given me good reasons .
That handkerchief Which I so loved and gave thee , thou gav ’ st To Cassio .	You gave that handkerchief , the one I loved and gave to you , to Cassio .
There is no love in you .	You don ’ t really love me .
Do you see yonder cloud that 's almost in shape of a camel ?	Do you see that cloud over there that 's almost in shape of a camel ?
Say on ; come to Hecuba .	Continue , come to Hecuba .
The venom of such looks , we fairly hope , Have lost their quality , and that this day Shall change all griefs and quarrels into love .	We hope your poison has worn off and this day shall transform all grievances and quarrels into friendship .
Even so .	Exactly .
Not poppy nor mandragora Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world , Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep Which thou owedst yesterday .	No drugs or sleeping pills will ever give you the restful sleep that you had last night .
be gone !	Be gone !
But , as you say , sir , let your bounty take a nap , I will awake it anon .	I ’ ll be back soon to wake up your generosity .
He only lived but till he was a man , The which no sooner had his prowess confirmed In the unshrinking station where he fought , But like a man he died .	He only lived long enough to become a man , and as soon as he proved that he was a man by fighting like one , he died .
Thou bring ’ st me out of tune .	You ’ re making me go off-key .
I ’ ll venture so much of my hawk or hound , But twenty times so much upon my wife .	I ’ d wager twenty times as much on my wife .
They have letters for him .	They have letters for him .
But look , the morn , in russet mantle clad , Walks o 'er the dew of yon high eastward hill .	But , look , the morning , dressed in a red cape , Walks over the dew of that high hill in the east .
Thou hast railed on thyself .	You ’ ve only insulted yourself .
Come , go with me ; peruse this as thou goest : Fair Jessica shall be my torchbearer .	Come , go with me , read this over as you go ; Beautiful Jessica shall be my torchbearer .
In what particular thought to work I know not ; But , in the gross and scope of my opinion , This bodes some strange eruption to our state .	I don ’ t know what its intentions are , But , in the plainness and freedom of my opinion , This foretells some strange eruption to our state .
I must be idle .	I must be idle .
I took no more pains for those thanks than you take pains to thank me .	I didn ’ t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me .
If it be so , How little is the cost I have bestow 'd , In purchasing the semblance of my soul From out the state of hellish cruelty !	If it ’ s true , How little is the cost I have paid In purchasing the image of my soul From out of the state of hellish cruelty !
Is Banquo gone from court ?	Has Banquo left the court ?
If thou dost find him tractable to us , Encourage him and show him all our reasons .	If he seems game to our plan , encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons .
I will run .	Tell me to run , and I ’ ll run .
We are blessèd in the change .	We are fortunate in the change .
Nothing in his life Became him like the leaving it .	He never did anything in his whole life that looked as good as the way he died .
Yes , in truth it is , sir .	Yes , it truly is .
You do advance your cunning more and more .	You move your cunning ahead more and more .
Come out o ' th ' storm .	Come in out of the storm .
Our duties , and the pledge .	Too bad it ’ s spoiling our pleasure tonight .
Get thee a wife , get thee a wife .	You should get a wife !
I know not what you mean by that , but I am sure Caesar fell down .	I don ’ t know what you mean by that , but I ’ m sure Caesar fell down .
Play with your fancies and in them behold , Upon the hempen tackle , shipboys climbing .	Picture the cabin boys climbing around the rigging .
Iago hath direction what to do ; But notwithstanding , with my personal eye Will I look to 't .	Iago has orders on what to do ; But , nevertheless , with my own eyes I will look to it myself .
There ’ s the respect That makes calamity of so long life .	That ’ s the consideration that makes us stretch out our sufferings so long .
Note if your lady strain his entertainment	and affection , even if it ’ s just an act .
A man may see how this world goes with no eyes .	You don ’ t need eyes to see how the world works .
How fares my gracious sir ?	How is my lord ?
Caesar himself has work , and our oppression Exceeds what we expected .	Caesar himself is in trouble and there are more adversaries than we expected .
How purposed , sir , I pray you ?	For what purpose , sir , I beg you ?
What is here ?	What is this here ?
Sings .	Sings .
Thou 'ldst never fear the net nor lime , The pitfall nor the gin .	You would never fear being caught or dying , The mistakes nor the tricks .
Nay , guiltiness will speak , Though tongues were out of use .	No , guiltiness will speak Even if tongues are out of use .
The more my wrong , the more his spite appears .	The more I suffer , the more spiteful he becomes .
My lord , when at their home I did commend your highness ' letters to them .	My lord , when I arrived at their home I gave them your letter .
Get your apparel together , good strings to your beards , new ribbons to your pumps .	Now it ’ s time to get your costumes together .
No medicine in the world can do thee good .	No medicine in the world can cure you .
Where should Othello go ?	Where should Othello go ?
What were I best to say ?	What should I say to her ?
What , was I married to her in my dream ?	What , was I married to her in a dream ?
When have I injured thee ?	When did I ever do you any harm ?
Methinks she should not use a long one for such a Pyramus .	I don ’ t think a ridiculous Pyramus like that one deserves much moaning .
I like thy wit well , in good faith .	I like your joke , I swear .
Thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight .	As you can see , these lovers are looking for a place to fight .
And died so ?	And died from that ?
Now all the blessings Of a glad father compass thee about !	Now all the blessings Of a glad father are all around you !
You spurn me hence , and he will spurn me hither .	You kick me out , he kicks me back .
And what of him ?	And so — ?
Sweet men , come to him .	Sweet men , come to him .
Here , madam .	Here , madam .
That every like is not the same , O Caesar , The heart of Brutus yearns to think upon !	That every “ like ” isn ’ t the same , O Caesar , That the heart of Brutus yearns to think about !
Who wouldst thou serve ?	Who do you want to work for ?
There , take it to you , trenchers , cups , and all !	There , take it all back — plates , cups , the whole thing .
Then murder ’ s out of tune , And sweet revenge grows harsh .	Then the wrong man is dead , and sweet revenge has gone wrong .
Oh , that I served that lady And might not be delivered to the world , Till I had made mine own occasion mellow , What my estate is .	I wish I could work for that lady !
A friend ?	A friend !
O , I were damn 'd beneath all depth in hell , But that I did proceed upon just grounds To this extremity .	O , I was damned beneath all the depths of hell , And I proceeded on just grounds To this extremity .
We 'll not run , Monsieur Monster .	We 'll not run , Monsieur monster .
Nay , but swear ’ t .	No , you have to swear it .
Brutus is wise , and were he not in health , He would embrace the means to come by it .	You ’ re smart , though , and if you were sick , you ’ d take what you needed to get better .
Will not the mayor then and his brethren come ?	Aren ’ t the mayor and his fellow citizens coming ?
I cannot blame her .	I can ’ t blame her .
I ’ ll go find a shadow and sigh till he come .	I ’ m going to find some shade and sigh until he returns .
I was , but I do find more pain in banishment Than death can yield me here by my abode .	I was .
Looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled ?	Does he look as bright and handsome as the day we saw him wrestling ?
If we imagine no worse of them than they of themselves , they may pass for excellent men .	If we imagine no worse of them than they imagine of themselves , they may pass for excellent men .
By what ?	What do you remember ?
I have been talking with a suitor here , A man that languishes in your displeasure .	I was talking to a petitioner here just now , someone who ’ s suffering from your anger .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
Thy gown ?	Now , your gown ?
Basting .	A basting .
Stop her there !	Stop her !
How are they escoted ?	Where do they live ?
What are they that do play it ?	Who are the actors ?
Why that ’ s with watching , ’ twill away again .	It ’ ll go away .
As wicked dew as e 'er my mother brushed With raven ’ s feather from unwholesome fen Drop on you both !	I hope you both get drenched with a dew as evil as what my mother used to collect with a crow ’ s feather from the poison swamps .
Tis not fit thus to obey him .	It ’ s not right to obey his orders to let him go alone .
Fie , now you run this humor out of breath .	Damn it , this isn ’ t funny .
About the ninth hour , lady .	Around nine o 'clock , madam .
To thee a woman ’ s services are due .	Edmund , you deserve me to be your woman .
Yet my heart Throbs to know one thing .	But my heart is still throbbing to know one thing .
What are thy comings in ?	What income , what profit does it bring in ?
My own flesh and blood to rebel !	My own flesh and blood to rebel !
Upon the king !	Upon the king !
How otherwise ? — Will you be ruled by me ?	How could you ask ?
I will praise any man that will praise me , though it cannot be denied what I have done by land .	I ’ ll flatter anyone who flatters me — though what I ’ ve accomplished on land cannot be denied .
Do you go back dismayed ?	Are you backing away in fear ?
Cicero is dead , And by that order of proscription .	Cicero is dead , by their decree .
Well , I will do it , though I take thee in the king ’ s company .	I ’ ll do it even if I find you in the company of the king himself .
Remember thee !	Remember you !
They laugh that win .	They laugh that win .
Romans , countrymen , and lovers !	Romans , countrymen , and friends !
So every bondman in his own hand bears The power to cancel his captivity .	And so every slave has in his own hand The power to cancel his captivity .
And a chain , that you once wore , about his neck .	And he had a chain that once belonged to you hanging around his neck .
Approach the chamber , and destroy your sight With a new Gorgon .	Approach the chamber , and destroy your sight With a new monster to turn you to stone .
Were we not born under Taurus ?	Weren ’ t we both born under Taurus ?
What Tranio did , myself enforced him to .	What Tranio did , he did at my command .
With no less religion than if thou wert indeed my Rosalind .	I ’ ll keep my promise just as if you really were Rosalind .
What should I do ?	What should I do ?
I would your grace would constrain me to tell .	Your highness will have to force me to tell .
I ’ ll teach you how to flow .	I ’ ll show you how .
Who knows if Donalbain be with his brother ?	Does anyone know if Donalbain is with his brother ?
I will so .	I will .
What 's the matter , That you unlace your reputation thus , And spend your rich opinion for the name Of a nightbrawler ?	What 's the matter , That you destroy your reputation like this , And waste your reputation for the name Of a night-brawler ?
Weep 'st thou for him to my face ?	You weep for him to my face ?
If you can separate yourself and your misdemeanors , you are welcome to the house .	If you can shape up , you ’ re welcome to stay in the house .
Why , whose is it ?	Well , whose is it ?
I would have you .	I want you .
Go fetch My best attires .	Go get my best clothes .
What , my lord ?	Can ’ t what , my lord ?
I assure my good liege , I hold my duty as I hold my soul , Both to my God and to my gracious king .	I assure your majesty I ’ m only doing my duty both to my God and my good king .
He is a craven and a villain else , an ’ t please your Majesty , in my conscience .	If I may say so , your Majesty , as I see it he would be a coward and a villain not to .
O Cassius , Brutus gave the word too early , Who , having some advantage on Octavius , Took it too eagerly .	O Cassius , Brutus gave the word too early , Who , having some advantage on Octavius , Took it too eagerly .
Why , thou peevish sheep , What ship of Epidamnum stays for me ?	You annoying idiot , what Epidamnum ship is waiting for me ?
He sups tonight with a harlotry , and thither will I go to him .	He ’ s having dinner tonight with a prostitute , and I ’ ll go visit him .
My people do already know my mind And will acknowledge you and Jessica In place of Lord Bassanio and myself .	They ’ ll consider you and Jessica masters of this house in place of Lord Bassanio and myself .
Is it even so ?	Is that how it ’ s going to be ?
Follow him , friends .	Follow him , friends .
Cunning .	How clever of you .
Yes , you have seen Cassio and she together .	Yes , you have seen Cassio and her together .
I would not hear your enemy say so , Nor shall you do mine ear that violence , To make it truster of your own report Against yourself .	I wouldn ’ t allow your enemies to say that , and I won ’ t believe it from you .
Give me my sword .	Give me my sword .
Not being Fortune , he ’ s but Fortune ’ s knave , A minister of her will .	He can ’ t be Fortune ; he ’ s only Fortune ’ s errand boy .
What mean you , sir ?	What are you doing ?
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
Is this face Hero ’ s ?	Is this face Hero ’ s ?
There came divers of Antonio ’ s creditors in my company to Venice that swear he cannot choose but break .	I came to Venice with a number of Antonio ’ s creditors who say he won ’ t be able to avoid going bankrupt .
Why , anything , but to the purpose .	Why , anything but to the answer .
A kinder gentleman treads not the earth .	A kinder gentleman does not walk on the earth .
What call you the carriages ?	What do you call the carriages ?
I have sent after him .	I ’ ve sent for him .
Treason has done his worst ; nor steel nor poison , Malice domestic , foreign levy , nothing Can touch him further .	After that , nothing can hurt him further — not weapons , poison , rebellion , invasion , or anything else .
Dost thou hear , Iago ?	Do you hear me , Iago ?
What I should deny — As this I would , ay , though thou didst produce My very character — I ’ d turn it all To thy suggestion , plot , and damnèd practice .	I ’ d deny whatever evidence you had against me — even if it were in my own handwriting — and turn it all into evidence against you and your plans for treachery .
Look , with what courteous action It waves you to a more removèd ground .	Look how politely it ’ s pointing you to a place that ’ s farther away .
He bounds from the earth , as if his entrails were hairs , le cheval volant , the Pegasus , qui a les narines de feu .	He leaps from the ground as if his insides were light as hairs .
No , since .	No , afterward .
Sir , I will answer any thing .	I ’ ll answer for everything .
Seek to know no more .	Do not ask to know any more .
Yare , lower , lower !	Fast !
and speak parrot ?	and talk like a parrot ?
I ’ ll have no bigger .	I won ’ t have one any bigger .
Turning th ' accomplishment of many years Into an hour-glass ; for the which supply , Admit me chorus to this history ; Who , prologue-like , your humble patience pray Gently to hear , kindly to judge our play .	And , as the speaker of any prologue should , I ask you to hear our play courteously and to judge it kindly .
Here have I few attendants And subjects none abroad .	Here I have few attendants And subjects none .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
Sirrah , come hither : ’ tis no time to jest , And therefore frame your manners to the time .	It ’ s no time for jokes : sober up .
As Caesar loved me , I weep for him .	I weep for Caesar in that he was good to me .
To bear all smooth and even , This sudden sending him away must seem Deliberate pause .	To deal with everything smoothly and evenly , this sudden sending him away must seem like a planned event .
Therefore my age is as a lusty winter , Frosty but kindly .	Therefore , my old age is like a blustery winter : cold , but kindly .
Where wilt thou lead me ?	Where are you taking me ?
Didst not mark that ?	Didn ’ t you see that ?
I am a king , my masters , know you that ?	But you ’ ll have to catch me !
A man is master of his liberty ; Time is their master , and when they see time They ’ ll go or come .	A man is master of his own freedom : time is his only master , and when the right moment comes along , he ’ ll come or go as he pleases .
Your eldest daughters have fordone themselves , And desperately are dead .	Your eldest daughters destroyed themselves and died in despair .
That song tonight Will not go from my mind .	I can ’ t get that song out of my head tonight .
My lord , his throat is cut .	My lord , his throat is cut .
Excellent well .	Of course .
Here comes one .	Here comes one .
Philomel with melody Sing in our sweet lullaby .	Philomel , with melody , Sing in our sweet lullaby .
The bloody proclamation to escape , That followed me so near — O our lives ' sweetness ,	To escape the decree condemning me
Where are my Switzers ?	Where are my Swiss guards ?
We 'll play with them , the first boy for a thousand ducats .	We 'll bet them who has the first boy for a thousand dollars .
I think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation .	I think their traveling to perform a play is a new innovation .
Upon my honor — Then came each actor on his ass —	I swear — — each actor arrived on his ass .
Write me a prologue , and let the prologue seem to say we will do no harm with our swords , and that Pyramus is not killed indeed .	I ’ ll tell them that we won ’ t hurt anyone with our swords , and that Pyramus isn ’ t really dead .
tis very strange .	It is very strange .
What though he love your Hermia ?	Why do you care that he loves Hermia ?
I know that virtue to be in you , Brutus , As well as I do know your outward favor .	I know this quality in you , Brutus — it ’ s as familiar to me as your face .
I will indeed no longer endure it , nor am I yet persuaded to put up in peace what already I have foolishly suffered .	Well , I won ’ t take it any longer .
I ’ ll fetch them , sir .	I ’ ll go get them , sir .
Why , then , build me thy fortunes upon the basis of valor .	Well then , improve your situation with a show of courage .
D 'elbow . ” “ D 'elbow , ” “ De nick , ” “ De nick . ” “ De chin . ” “ De sin . ”	That ’ s enough for one lesson .
Fare you well .	Good luck .
Take it thankfully .	Be happy about it .
Keep promise , love .	Keep your promise , my love .
I shall see thee , ere I die , look pale with love .	I swear , before I die I ’ m going to see you sick with love .
Two hundred ducats .	Two hundred ducats .
Peter Quince , — What sayest thou , bully Bottom ?	Peter Quince — What do you say , bully Bottom ?
Dorset is fled to Richmond .	Dorset has fled to the earl of Richmond .
I myself .	I did it myself .
Hymen from heaven brought her , Yea , brought her hither , That thou mightst join her hand with his Whose heart within his bosom is .	Hymen brought her from heaven Yes , brought her here .
I will speak to this fellow . — Whose grave ’ s this , sirrah ?	How literal this guy is !
I prithee , Remember I have done thee worthy service , Told thee no lies , made thee no mistakings , served Without or grudge or grumblings .	I beg you , remember the good work I ’ ve done for you , and how I ’ ve never lied to you , never made mistakes , and never grumbled in my work .
Remember me .	Remember me .
Fairer than tongue can name thee , let me have Some patient leisure to excuse myself .	You who are beautiful beyond words , calm down and let me explain myself .
I am maimed for ever .	I ’ ll be crippled forever !
Go bid the priests do present sacrifice And bring me their opinions of success .	Go tell the priests to perform a sacrifice immediately , and bring me their interpretation of the results .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is that possible ?
I have nothing to do with thee .	I ’ ve got nothing to do with you .
Never , till Caesar ’ s three and thirty wounds Be well avenged , or till another Caesar Have added slaughter to the sword of traitors .	If arguing makes us sweat , the real trial will turn that water to blood .
What news ?	What news do you bring ?
By this hand , they are scoundrels and substractors that say so of him .	Anyone who says that is a lying piece of garbage .
Made you my guardians , my depositaries , But kept a reservation to be followed With such a number .	I made you de facto rulers of my kingdom on condition that I could keep a hundred knights of my own .
Oh , God defend me !	Oh , God help me !
O Caesar , read mine first , for mine ’ s a suit That touches Caesar nearer .	Oh , Caesar , read mine first , for my petition affects you more directly .
Leave wringing of your hands .	Leave wringing of your hands .
I ’ ll tell you who time ambles withal , who time trots withal , who time gallops withal , and who he stands still withal .	I can tell you who time strolls for , who it trots for , who it gallops for , and who it stops cold for .
He ’ ll watch the horologe a double set If drink rock not his cradle .	He ’ d stay up all night and all day if he didn ’ t drink himself to sleep .
Master Constable , you go not the way to examine .	Master Constable , you ’ re going about this all wrong .
God ’ s my life , where ’ s the Sexton ?	Honest to God , where ’ s the sexton ?
I thank thee for that gird , good Tranio .	I thank you for that quip , good Tranio .
What I can do I will ; and more I will Than for myself I dare .	What I can do , I will ; and I will do as much more Than I dare do for myself .
Dearly , my delicate Ariel .	Dearly , my delicate Ariel .
Then is the world one .	Then the world is one .
Tarry , Jew .	Wait a minute , Jew .
This is no mortal business , nor no sound That the earth owes . — I hear it now above me .	This is not an act of man , nor any sound Like those on earth : — I hear it now above me .
Her hedges , even-pleached , Like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair , Put forth disordered twigs .	Her once-trimmed hedges , like prisoners with wild , untended hair , put forth unruly twigs .
Oh , quick , or I am gone .	Oh , quick , before I ’ m gone .
Tis he .	It is he .
Of it own color too .	Its own color .
O !	O !
Whither are you going ?	Where are you going ?
O , how we joy to see your wit restored !	We ’ re overjoyed to see you sane again .
But art thou not advised , he took some care To get her cunning schoolmasters to instruct her ?	Still , did you notice how ready he was to hire good tutors for her ?
I thank you .	Thank you .
Therefore play , music . — Prince , thou art sad .	Musicians , play us a song . — Prince , you look sad .
Seek thou rather to be hanged in compassing thy joy than to be drowned and go without her .	Rather seek to be hanged in planning your joy than to be drowned and go without her .
See , it stalks away !	See , it stalks away !
That ’ s mercy , but too much security .	That ’ s merciful but a bit careless .
Affection ?	Affection !
Heaven make thee free of it !	Heaven forgive you for it !
And true she is , as she hath proved herself .	And she ’ s loyal , as she has proven .
Thou mightst have done this without thy beard and gown .	You could ’ ve done this without your beard and gown .
Injurious Hermia !	Insulting Hermia !
I found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren .	I found him here , Beating ?
The kinder we , to give them thanks for nothing .	That makes us kinder , to give them thanks for nothing .
Signior Hortensio , ’ twixt such friends as we Few words suffice .	Hortensio , good friends like us can get by on a few words .
So , uncle , there you are .	So , uncle , there you are .
Farewell .	Farewell .
Brutus , I do observe you now of late ; I have not from your eyes that gentleness And show of love as I was wont to have ; You bear too stubborn and too strange a hand Over your friend that loves you .	You ’ re too stubborn and too strange To your friend that loves you .
I do not know ; I am sure I am none such .	I don ’ t know ; I am sure I am no one like that .
And how like you this shepherd ’ s life , Master Touchstone ?	And you , And how are you liking the shepherd ’ s life , Master Touchstone ?
O gull !	Oh , you idiot !
Oh , that woman that cannot make her fault her husband ’ s occasion , let her never nurse her child herself , for she will breed it like a fool .	A woman who doesn ’ t know how to make her own indiscretions look like her husband ’ s fault is hardly a woman .
I think he will stand very strong with us .	I think he will stand strong with us .
Lay forth the gown .	Lay out the gown .
I do believe ' twas he .	I do believe it was he .
Who meets us here ?	Who ’ s this ?
And , as the jest did glance away from me , ' Tis ten to one it maimed you two outright .	But since the gibe glanced off me , ten to one it hit you both straight on .
My men should call me “ lord . ” I am your goodman .	It ’ s my men who should call me “ lord . ” I ’ m your man , your fellow .
It shall advantage more than do us wrong .	It ’ ll help us more than hurt us .
I had thought to have let in some of all professions , that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire .	I had thought to have let in some of all professions that go the primrose way to the everlasting bonfire .
Hear the noble Antony .	Hear the noble Antony .
We ’ ll mutiny .	We ’ ll mutiny .
But wherefore art not in thy shop today ?	But why aren ’ t you in your shop today ?
Nay , when I have a suit — Wherein I mean to touch your love indeed , It shall be full of poise and difficult weight , And fearful to be granted .	No , when I have a favor to ask Where I mean to touch your love indeed , It shall be full of confidence and heavy , And fearful to be granted .
If we do meet again , we 'll smile indeed ; If not , ' tis true this parting was well made .	If we do meet again , we 'll smile indeed ; If not , it ’ s true this parting was the right thing to do .
If the matter were good , my lord , I durst swear it were his .	If he ’ d written nice things , I ’ d swear yes right away .
You shall not go , my lord .	You ’ re not going , sir .
They are all welcome .	They ’ re all welcome . — What worries are keeping you From sleeping ?
Now will I question Cassio of Bianca , A housewife that by selling her desires Buys herself bread and clothes .	Now I will question Cassio about Bianca , A housewife that , by selling her desires , Buys herself bread and clothes .
I cannot hide what I am .	I can ’ t hide what I am .
I serve you , madam .	I ’ m at your service , madam .
Good madam .	Thank you , madam .
Lady , amen .	Amen to that , lady .
Fare ye well .	Goodbye , then .
Go after .	Go .
Nor for yours neither .	It ’ s not good for your health , either .
Oh , ’ tis foul in her .	Oh , it ’ s horrible of her .
Yet I ’ ll not shed her blood , Nor scar that whiter skin of hers than snow And smooth as monumental alabaster .	But I won ’ t shed any of her blood or scar that beautiful skin , whiter than snow and smooth as the finest marble .
Who could be out , being before his beloved mistress ?	Who could be out of things to say if he were with the girl he loves ?
You are an ass , you are an ass !	You ass !
Heard you this , Gonzalo ?	Did you hear this , Gonzalo ?
And you too , gentle Hero ?	And you , sweet Hero ?
Bear with me , good boy , I am much forgetful .	Be patient with me , good boy , I ’ m very forgetful .
Most excellent accomplished lady , the heavens rain odors on you !	Oh , beautiful and accomplished lady , may the heavens rain odors upon you !
I cannot tell .	I cannot tell .
He is far gone .	He is far gone , far gone !
And it is very much lamented , Brutus , That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye That you might see your shadow .	And it ’ s too bad , Brutus , that you don ’ t have any mirrors that could display your hidden excellence to yourself .
Why , this is excellent .	That ’ s excellent .
Pray , sir , be patient .	Please , sir , be patient .
You must bear with me .	You ’ ll have to bear with me .
I am bound to hear .	I ’ m ready to hear you .
Where they feared the death , they have borne life away ; and where they would be safe , they perish .	When they feared death , they escaped with their lives ; and now where they imagine they ’ re safe , they perish .
So , of his gentleness , Knowing I loved my books , he furnished me From mine own library with volumes that I prize above my dukedom .	Knowing how much I loved my books , he gave me some books from my library that I value more than my dukedom .
Come , wrack !	come , ruin !
I am pale , Charmian .	I ’ m sick , Charmian .
Why should Titania cross her Oberon ?	Why should Titania cross her Oberon ?
Who knows not he is dead !	Who doesn ’ t know he ’ s dead ?
God be with you .	God be with you .
But what talk we of fathers when there is such a man as Orlando ?	He writes brave poems , speaks brave words , makes brave promises , and then breaks them just as bravely .
Lo , where he comes !	Look , here he comes .
Sweet Beatrice , wouldst thou come when I called thee ?	Take Beatrice , have you come because I called for you ?
What are you ?	Who are you ?
It is Brabantio .	It ’ s Brabantio .
A tanner will last you nine year .	A tanner will last you nine years .
The readiness is all .	Being ready is everything .
Ere we were two days old at sea , a pirate of very warlike appointment gave us chase .	Before we were even at sea for two days , a very nasty looking pirate chased us .
Let the King have the letters I have sent , and repair thou to me with as much speed as thou wouldst fly death .	Let the king have the letters I have sent , and come to see me with as much haste as you would fly death .
He was the wretched ’ st thing when he was young , So long a-growing and so leisurely , That if this rule were true , he should be gracious .	As a child , he took such a long time to grow up that , according to his rule , he should have grown up into a gracious adult .
What , ho , Brabantio !	Hey , Brabantio !
This hill is far enough .	Fly , for that reason , noble Cassius , fly far off .
Go not my horse the better , I must become a borrower of the night For a dark hour or twain .	Unless my horse goes faster than expected , I will be back an hour or two after sunset .
Goes Fleance with you ?	Is Fleance going with you ?
What warlike noise is this ?	What are these warlike noises ?
Her hair , what color ?	What color is her hair ?
Ay , Biddy , come with me . — What , man !	Yes , dear little chick , come along with me . — Shut up , man !
No .	No .
Go thy ways to a nunnery .	Take yourself a convent .
I assure you , Carthage .	I ’ m telling you , it was Carthage .
How have you known the miseries of your father ?	How did you know what happened to your poor father ?
And therefore , since I cannot prove a lover To entertain these fair well-spoken days , I am determinèd to prove a villain And hate the idle pleasures of these days .	Since I can ’ t amuse myself by being a lover , I ’ ve decided to become a villain .
And do it with all thy heart .	Then do so , with all your heart .
I told him that your father was at Venice , And that you looked for him this day in Padua .	I told him that your father was in Venice , and that you expected him to arrive in Padua today .
I crave your highness ’ pardon .	Even if you were as handsome as I beg your highness ’ pardon .
I come not , friends , to steal away your hearts .	I haven ’ t come to steal your loyalty , friends .
O rejoice Beyond a common joy !	O , rejoice Beyond a common joy , and set it down With gold on lasting pillars .
Come with my lady hither .	He was on his way here with your wife .
Be near me , that I may remember you .	Stay near me so I ’ ll remember .
Good heaven , the souls of all my tribe defend From jealousy !	God , help us not be jealous !
What , art thou come ? — On , gentlemen , away !	Ah , you ’ re here ? — Come on , gentlemen , let ’ s go !
Thou told 'st me they were stolen unto this wood , And here am I , and wood within this wood , Because I cannot meet my Hermia .	You told me they snuck into this forest , And I ’ m here and wander within this forest , Because I cannot meet Hermia .
That 's fouler .	That 's even more evil .
Now , my lord , what shall we do , if we perceive Lord Hastings will not yield to our complots ?	Now , my lord , what are we going to do if we find that Lord Hastings won ’ t go along with our plans ?
Thither will I invite the duke and all ’ s contented followers .	I ’ ll invite the duke and all of his followers .
Those being all my study , The government I cast upon my brother And to my state grew stranger , being transported And rapt in secret studies .	Since I was so drawn to studying things like logic , grammar , geometry , and astronomy , I let my control of the government slide a bit , being too wrapped up in my occult books .
Let me ask you one word in private .	Let me ask you something in private .
They would not have you to stir forth today .	They say not to go out today .
Indeed ?	Really ?
I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack .	I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wreck .
A good swift simile , but something currish .	A witty if a cynical reply .
Yea , that she did .	That she did .
I have , my lord .	I have , my lord .
Her name , that was as fresh As Dian 's visage , is now begrimed and black As mine own face .	Her name , that was as fresh As Diana 's face , is now as grimy and black As my own face .
I know no answer .	I don ’ t know what to say .
Know of your youth .	Consider how young you are , and question your feelings .
I do the wrong , and first begin to brawl .	I do the wrong and am the first to start quarrels .
We shall , my lord , Perform what you command us .	We shall , my lord , Perform what you command us .
Stay , though thou kill me , sweet Demetrius .	Stop , even if only to kill me .
My hair doth stand an end to hear her curses .	Her curses have made my hair stand on end .
I drunk !	I got drunk !
Cambio .	Cambio .
O Setebos , these be brave spirits indeed !	O Setebos , these are brave spirits indeed .
Tis thus : Who tells me true , though in his tale lie death , I hear him as he flattered .	It ’ s like this : as long as a person tells me the truth , even though it means my death , I will listen as though he praised me .
Have you had quiet guard ?	Has it been a quiet night ?
My leg is cut in two .	My leg is cut in two .
What private griefs they have , alas , I know not , That made them do it .	I don ’ t know what private grudges they had that made them do it .
This is more strange Than such a murder is .	This haunting business is even stranger than murder .
And , good boy , good night .	Good night , good boy .
Abate the edge of traitors , gracious Lord , That would reduce these bloody days again , And make poor England weep in streams of blood !	Gracious Lord , blunt the swords of those traitors who mean to tear poor England apart again !
Tis done .	It ’ s a bet .
Sport royal , I warrant you .	It ’ s going to be fun , I promise .
Ah , Buckingham , now do I play the touch , To try if thou be current gold indeed .	Oh Buckingham , now I ’ m going to test to see if you ’ re truly made of gold .
No .	No .
I defy lechery .	I defy brain-death !
I cannot speak enough of this content .	I can ’ t talk about my happiness anymore .
Too cruel any where .	Too cruel any where .
Oh , ’ twill be admirable !	This is going to be great !
Bear it straight , And bring thy master home immediately .	Take it to your master and bring him home immediately .
Let it be so .	Then that ’ s the way it ’ ll be .
Tell me , thou villain-slave , where are my children ?	Tell me , you villainous lowlife , where are my children ?
Hail , brave friend !	Hail , brave friend !
Hast thou found my daughter ?	Did you find my daughter ?
He misses not much .	He doesn ’ t miss a thing .
More wonderful , when angels are so angry .	It ’ s even stranger when an angel is so angry .
He hath lost his fellows , And strays about to find ’ em I might call him A thing divine , for nothing natural I ever saw so noble .	I might call him A divine thing ; because I have never seen Anything so natural that was so noble .
Were he not warmed with ale , This were a bed but cold to sleep so soundly .	But this would be too cold a place to sleep if he hadn ’ t warmed himself with ale .
You know not Whether it was his wisdom or his fear .	You don ’ t know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him flee .
Lucius ! — Fast asleep ?	Lucius !
Oh , wonderful !	It was incredible !
Hear me , good brother .	Listen to me me , good brother .
Is ’ t come to this ?	Has it come to this ?
As long as heaven and nature lengthens it .	As long as heaven and nature extend it .
There , Tyrant , there !	There , Tyrant , there !
I know the good King and Queen have sent for you .	I know the good king and queen have sent for you .
What is your name ?	What is your name ?
I do not think there is any such woman .	I don ’ t think there is any such woman .
Speak to us .	Speak to us .
Nor I , my lord .	I won ’ t either , sir .
Let me entreat you .	As a favor to Nope .
Poor Ophelia Divided from herself and her fair judgment , Without the which we are pictures , or mere beasts .	Do you want to know who they are , then ?
Lo you , here she comes !	Look you , here she comes !
Ah , Luciana , did he tempt thee so ?	Oh , Luciana , did he tempt you like that ?
Have you that I sent you for ?	Do you have what I told you to get ?
Help , ho !	Help , ho !
I lay with Cassio lately And , being troubled with a raging tooth , I could not sleep .	I slept with Cassio lately , And , being troubled with a raging tooth , I could not sleep .
Ay , in the catalogue ye go for men , As hounds and greyhounds , mongrels , spaniels , curs , Shoughs , waterrugs , and demi-wolves are clept All by the name of dogs .	Yes , you certainly could pass for men , In the same way that hounds , and greyhounds , mongrels , spaniels , curs , Shoughs , water-rugs , and demi-wolves are All the names of dogs .
Therefore thou must be hanged at the state ’ s charge .	So you ’ ll be hanged at the state ’ s expense .
I charge thee , tempt me not .	Don ’ t try to tempt me !
He did in some sort , indeed , handle women , but then he was rheumatic , and talked of the Whore of Babylon .	He did touch on women a bit , but his body was aching with fever and he talked about the Whore of Babylon .
Give me some little breath , some pause , dear lord , Before I positively speak in this .	Give me a little breathing space , my lord , a little pause to think .
I am not of many words , but I thank you .	I ’ m not a man who talks a lot , but I thank you .
Pray , do not mock me .	Please don ’ t make fun of me .
So he laughed and let me go .	He laughed at that and let me go .
And unrespective boys .	My lord ?
This is not yet an Alexandrian feast .	This hasn ’ t reached the level of an Egyptian feast yet .
If it be not to come , it will be now .	What ’ s important is to be prepared .
You shall have the mustard Or else you get no beef of Grumio .	You ’ ll take the mustard or you ’ ll get no beef from Grumio .
Go with my brothers to my lords of England .	Go with my brothers to my English peers .
These things are beyond all use , And I do fear them .	These things are beyond anything we ’ ve seen before , and I ’ m afraid .
No , he ’ s in Tartar limbo , worse than hell .	No , he ’ s in a place worse than hell .
Donalbain .	Donalbain .
Your hand , Salerio .	Let me shake your hand , Salanio .
My soul is full of sorrow .	My soul is full of sorrow .
I have a device to make all well .	I ’ ve got a plan that will fix everything .
If she sustain him and his hundred knights When I have showed th ' unfitness — Here , madam .	If she welcomes him and his hundred knights after I ’ ve shown how inappropriately he ’ s behaved — Here , ma 'am .
O wise and upright judge !	Oh wise judge !
Either be patient and entreat me fair , Or with the clamorous report of war Thus will I drown your exclamations .	Either be calm and polite or I ’ ll drown you out with the music of war .
The fire seven times tried this , Seven times tried that judgment is , That did never choose amiss .	This box was tested in the fire seven times .
You a man ?	You ’ re a man ?
Primo , secundo , tertio is a good play , and the old saying is , the third pays for all .	And maybe a third ?
Yet you have all the vantage of her wrong .	But you have all the advantages from the harm done .
Cousins , I hope the days are near at hand That chambers will be safe .	Kinsmen , I hope the time is coming when people will be safe in their own bedrooms .
No , hath not ?	Oh , he hasn ’ t ?
Thanks to your Highness .	I thank your Highness .
Aside &ket; It goes on , I see , &bra; Aside &ket; As my soul prompts it .	Aside &ket; It goes just the way , I see , That my soul wants it . — Spirit , fine spirit !
But either it was different in blood —	Either the lovers have different social standings —
Heaven , and thy thoughts , are witness that thou art .	Heaven and your thoughts are witnesses that you are .
Nay , like enough , for I stay dinner there .	Yes , probably , because I ’ m staying for lunch .
Stanley , he is your wife ’ s son .	Stanley , Richmond is your wife ’ s son .
Madam , I trust , not so .	I hope not , Madam .
O , welcome , father !	Oh , hello , father !
By this hand , I am .	I swear I am .
Oh , If you but knew how you the purpose cherish Whiles thus you mock it !	Oh , if you only knew how close to success you are , even while you make fun of what I ’ m telling you !
No , I hear not your honest friend ; I hear you .	No , I don ’ t hear your honest friend ; I hear you .
I ’ ll put ’ t in proof .	I ’ ll test it out .
Be of good cheer , youth .	Buck up , boy !
Well , all ’ s one for that .	Well , it doesn ’ t matter .
Quick , quick , I pray thee , draw the curtain straight ; The Prince of Arragon hath ta 'en his oath , And comes to his election presently .	Quickly , quickly , please , draw the curtain right away ; The Prince of Aragon has taken his oath , And comes to make his choice now .
Wherefore is this ?	Why are you doing this ?
My lady will hang thee for thy absence .	Lady Olivia will have you executed for not showing up .
Sir , they are spoken , and these things are true .	They ’ re really being spoken , sir , and they ’ re true .
Will you be prick 'd in number of our friends , Or shall we on , and not depend on you ?	Will you be counted in the number of our friends , Or shall we go on and not depend on you ?
You peers , continue this united league .	You must all keep up this united front .
This jack of Caesar ’ s shall Bear us an errand to him .	Caesar ’ s knave will bring him a message for us .
Metellus Cimber ?	Metellus Cimber ?
How now shall this be compassed ?	How shall this be done ?
Hold , sir , for God ’ s sake !	Stop , sir , for God ’ s sake !
Do you know them ?	Do you know them ?
Where have I been ?	Where have you been , boy ?
It curvets unseasonably .	It ’ s leaping about like a frisky horse .
Ay .	Yes , I do .
O villain , thou hast stolen both mine office and my name !	You ’ ve stolen both my job and my name !
Go bid thy mistress , when my drink is ready , She strike upon the bell .	Go tell your mistress that , when my drink is ready , She should ring the bell .
Alack , sir , I am sand-blind .	Sir , I ’ m half-blind .
And you , sir .	Hello to you .
To do this is within the compass of man 's wit , and therefore I will attempt the doing it .	To do this is within the scope of man 's wit , and therefore , I will attempt to do it .
Go to ; say no more .	OK , say no more .
Murder , murder !	Murder , murder !
I pray you sir , go forth And give us truth who ’ tis that is arrived .	Please go find out for certain who has arrived .
Caesar gets money where He loses hearts .	Caesar loses supporters wherever he raises money .
If Signor Leonato be her father , she would not have his head on her shoulders for all Messina , as like him as she is .	Well , even if he is her father , I ’ m sure she wouldn ’ t want to have the head of the old man on her shoulders !
I am thy father 's spirit , Doom 'd for a certain term to walk the night , And for the day confined to fast in fires , Till the foul crimes done in my days of nature Are burnt and purged away .	I am your father 's spirit , Doomed for a certain time to walk the night , And during the day I am confined to burn in fires , Until the evil crimes I had done in my life Are burnt and purged away .
One word more .	Just a moment .
See thou dissemble not .	And don ’ t lie .
Were I my father , coz , would I do this ?	If I were my father , cousin , would I do this ?
Their residence , both in reputation and profit , was better both ways .	They made more money and got more attention in the city .
Sir , she is mortal .	No , sir , she ’ s human .
Cassio shall have my place .	Cassio shall take my place .
Throw this slave Upon the dunghill . — Regan , I bleed apace .	And throw this dead peasant into the manure pit . — Regan , I ’ m bleeding .
Sir , I cannot .	Sir , I can ’ t .
Tell the hot duke that Lear — No , but not yet .	Tell the hot-headed duke that I … But no , not yet .
I humbly thank your ladyship .	I thank you , lady .
Not I , believe me .	No I don ’ t , believe me .
And how long is that , think you ?	Exactly how long is that , do you think ?
I do never use it .	I never charge interest .
It is worth the pains .	It ’ ll be worth your while .
Here comes the lady .	Here comes my wife now .
She is banished .	She is banished .
If you deny them , all the land will rue it .	If you refuse it , the whole country will regret it .
If he will take it , so .	If he agrees , great .
Ecstasy ?	Imagination !
We would not die in that man ’ s company That fears his fellowship to die with us .	We would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us .
If it were done when ’ tis done , then ’ twere well It were done quickly .	If this deed were done when it is done , then it would be better If it were done quickly .
I ’ ll see thee hanged on Sunday first .	She has the patience of a I ’ ll see you hanged on Sunday first !
Old Cassius still .	Still the same old Cassius !
But this eternal blazon must not be To ears of flesh and blood .	But mortals like you aren ’ t allowed to hear this description of the afterlife .
Rescue , fair lord , or else the day is lost !	Help , dear lord , or the battle will be lost !
Look what a wardrobe here is for thee !	Look what a wardrobe is here for you !
A sailor ’ s wife had chestnuts in her lap , And munched , and munched , and munched .	A sailor ’ s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched away at them .
When did you lose your daughter ?	When did you lose your daughter ?
Gold , silver , and base lead .	Gold , silver , and common lead .
I am dumb .	I am speechless .
Why then I think Cassio ’ s an honest man .	In that case , I think Cassio ’ s an honest man .
In , or we are spoiled .	Go in , or we ’ re done for .
To cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt there .	To cut my penalty from that bankrupt man over there .
And let his knights have colder looks among you .	And make sure the servants are less friendly to his knights .
The residue of your fortune Go to my cave and tell me . — Good old man , Thou art right welcome as thy master is .	Come to my cave and tell me the rest of your story . — Good old man , you are as welcome here as your master is .
Would he have stolen away From sleeping Hermia ?	Would he have snuck away from me while I was asleep ?
Meet we the medicine of the sickly weal , And with him pour we , in our country 's purge , Each drop of us .	We give out the medicine for the sickly commonwealth , And with him we pour , into our country 's purge , Each drop of us .
Give him tending ; He brings great news .	See to his needs ; He brings great news .
If this prove A vision of the Island , one dear son Shall I twice lose .	If this dream vision is typical of what this island conjures up , then I ’ ll lose my son twice .
At home , my lord .	He ’ s at home , my lord .
No , Cassius , no .	No , Cassius , no .
O woeful day !	Oh , sad day !
Will it never be morning ?	Will it never be morning ?
Farewell , my Desdemona .	Goodbye , my Desdemona .
Here I ’ ll sit i ' th ' midst .	I will sit here in the middle .
O my good master !	Oh , my good master !
Uninhabitable , and almost inaccessible — &bra; to Antonio &ket; Yet — &bra; to Antonio &ket; Yet — Yet — &bra; to Sebastian &ket; He could not miss 't .	Unable to be lived on and almost out of reach , — Still — Still — He couldn ’ t resist it .
If you can , your reason ?	Tell me why , if you can .
Gilded tombs do worms enfold .	But gilded tombs contain worms .
Fiery ” ?	Passionately ” ?
I am hitherto your daughter .	I ’ m your daughter .
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
My lord , whoever journeys to the prince , For God ’ s sake let not us two at home .	For God ’ s sake , my lord , let ’ s be sure to be part of the group that meets the prince .
Hold !	Stop !
Foul , wrinkled witch , what mak ’ st thou in my sight ?	Ugly , wrinkled witch , what are you doing here ?
and Mustardseed !	and Mustardseed !
I ’ m out of patience .	I ’ m out of patience .
I can stay with Regan , I and my hundred knights .	Meanwhile I ’ ll stay with Regan with my hundred knights .
Some other time .	Some other time .
Oh , how he loves Caesar !	And how he loves Caesar !
Is he alone ?	Is he alone ?
O , for a chair , To bear him easily hence !	O , for a chair , To carry him easily from here !
What , are Ancient Pistol and you friends yet ?	Tell me , are you and Ensign Pistol friends again yet ?
I would you had never seen him !	I wish you had never seen him !
And must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?	And must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?
He brushes his hat o ' mornings .	He brushes his hat in the mornings .
O , if thou be ’ st the same Egeon , speak , And speak unto the same Emilia .	Oh , if you are the same Egeon , speak now , and speak to that same Emilia !
Go , Gratiano , run and overtake him ; Give him the ring ; and bring him , if thou canst , Unto Antonio 's house : — away !	Go , Gratiano , run and catch him ; Give him the ring , and bring him , if you can , To Antonio 's house .
The best ?	The best ?
Follow my mother .	Follow my mother .
We ’ ll burn the house of Brutus .	We ’ ll burn Brutus ’ s house .
Welcome , good Cambio .	Welcome , good Cambio .
Conception is a blessing , but not as your daughter may conceive .	Pregnancy is a blessing , but not as your daughter may get pregnant .
For the table , sir , it shall be served in ; for the meat , sir , it shall be covered ; for your coming into dinner , sir , why , let it be as humours and conceits shall govern .	For the table , sir , it shall be served in ; for the meat , sir , it shall be covered ; for your coming in to dinner , sir , why , let it be as sense and meaning shall determine .
I 'll fetch them , sir .	I 'll fetch them , sir .
Had all his hairs been lives , my great revenge Had stomach for them all .	Had all his hairs been lives , my great revenge Had stomach for them all .
I hid me under the dead moon-calf 's gaberdine for fear of the storm .	I hid myself under the dead dreamer ’ s covering because I was afraid of the storm .
Nay , hear them , Antony .	No , listen to it , Antony .
So will I turn her virtue into pitch , And out of her own goodness make the net That shall enmesh them all .	So I will turn her virtue into black tar , And out of her own goodness make the net That shall tangle them all up .
Here , villain , drawn and ready .	Here , villain , drawn and ready .
Where ’ s Publius ?	Where ’ s Publius ?
Three months from twelve , then .	Three months from twelve months of the year .
Being unprepared , Our will became the servant to defect , Which else should free have wrought .	Because we were unprepared for the king ’ s visit , we weren ’ t able to entertain him as well as we would have wanted to .
I have a file Of all the gentry .	I have a list of all the important men .
Tis certain he hath passed the river Somme .	He ’ s certainly crossed the river Somme .
Go to , you are not , Cassius .	Go ahead ; you aren ’ t , Cassius .
I will plant you two , and let the fool make a third , where he shall find the letter .	I ’ ll have you two hide — and the fool too — right where he ’ ll find the letter .
See for the news .	Look for the news .
Is he dead ?	Is he dead ?
Love , and be friends as two such men should be .	Love each other and be friends , like two such men should be .
Give ear , sir , to my sister .	Please hear what Goneril is saying .
For your father ’ s remembrance , be at accord .	For the sake of your father ’ s memory , make peace .
I was told that by one that knows him better than you .	I was told that by one who knows him better than you .
But , first or last , Your fine Egyptian cookery shall have The fame .	Whether your banquet is first or last , your Egyptian cooking will make it the best .
That 's not amiss ; But yet keep time in all .	There ’ s nothing wrong with that , But still be patient in all .
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
Why , we have galls , and though we have some grace , Yet have we some revenge .	We have feelings .
Thieves !	Thieves !
He is very busy about it .	He is taking care of it as we speak .
He ’ s friends with Caesar , In state of health , thou say ’ st , and , thou say ’ st , free .	You say he ’ s friendly with Caesar , healthy , and free .
I think our country sinks beneath the yoke ; It weeps , it bleeds , and each new day a gash Is added to her wounds .	I think our country sinks beneath the yoke ; It weeps , it bleeds , and each new day , another gash Is added to her wounds .
Wouldst thou aught with me ?	What do you want with me ?
Where be the sacred vials thou shouldst fill With sorrowful water ?	Stop arguing and listen to my plans .
I do not , till you practice them on me .	I don ’ t until you practice them on me .
Happy the parents of so fair a child .	Your parents are lucky to have such a lovely child .
If she live long , And in the end meet the old course of death , Women will all turn monsters .	If she lives a long and happy life , then all women may as well turn into monsters .
Is this a holiday ?	What , is today a holiday ?
God keep me so . — Our heralds go with him .	God keep me so . — Heralds , go with him .
And for I know she taketh most delight In music , instruments , and poetry , Schoolmasters will I keep within my house , Fit to instruct her youth .	And because I know how fond she is of music , playing her instruments , and poetry , I plan to hire live-in tutors for her .
Come , where ’ s the chain ?	Where ’ s the necklace ?
And thence it is That I to your assistance do make love , Masking the business from the common eye For sundry weighty reasons .	And so it is That I ask see your assistance .
All strange and terrible events are welcome , But comforts we despise .	Strange and terrible events are all welcome , but I despise comforts .
How now ?	Hello .
A victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers .	A victory in battle is twice as victorious when all the soldiers return home safely .
Therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion .	So we need another prologue to tell everyone he ’ s not a real lion .
Lady Beatrice , have you wept all this while ?	Lady Beatrice , have you been crying this entire time ?
Ay , madam .	Yes , ma 'am .
Come , come , you 're drunk .	Come on , come on , you 're drunk .
I believe we must leave the killing out , when all is done .	I believe we must leave the killing out , when all is said and done .
I have undone three tailors .	I have bankrupted three tailors .
I shall attend you presently at your tent .	I ’ ll meet you at your tent .
Pray , then , foresee me one .	Then see a good one for me .
What , have you writ that letter to my sister ?	Have you written that letter to my sister yet ?
Truly , my name is Cinna .	Truly , my name is Cinna .
Sit , worthy friends .	Sit down , worthy friends .
How doth that royal merchant , good Antonio ?	How is that royal merchant , good Antonio ?
Well this was Signor Benedick that said so .	Well , it must have been Signior Benedick .
Nobody come ?	Nobody comes ?
Not one , my lord .	Not one , my lord .
Marry , you may partly hope that your father got you not , that you are not the Jew 's daughter .	Damn it , you may partly hope that your father had not fathered you , that you are not the Jew 's daughter .
A most ridiculous monster , to make a wonder of a poor drunkard .	What a silly monster , to think a poor drunk is wonderful .
So good night unto you all .	So good night to everyone .
Fear you the boar , and go so unprovided ?	You ’ re afraid of the boar but you go around without your spear ?
O , villain that I am !	O , villain that I am !
Gentlemen all , I do suspect this trash To be a party in this injury . — Patience awhile , good Cassio . — Come , come , Lend me a light .	Sir , I believe this piece of trash , Bianca , has something to do with all this trouble . — Hang in there , Cassio . — Come here , bring the light .
I know that , but I would have thee hence and here again .	I see that you are here , but I ’ d like you to go there and then come back again .
All is the fear and nothing is the love , As little is the wisdom , where the flight So runs against all reason .	His running away has everything to do with fear and nothing to do with love .
How dost thou , my good fellow ?	How are you , my friend ?
To thine and Albany ’ s issue Be this perpetual . — What says our second daughter , Our dearest Regan , wife of Cornwall ?	This land will belong to your and Albany ’ s children forever . — And now what does my second daughter Regan , the wife of Cornwall , have to say ?
Wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit I made to thee ?	Now would you please listen once again to the request I made to you earlier ?
Tis very strange .	That ’ s very strange .
The Duke in council ?	The duke in council !
Yet it was said It should not stand in thy posterity , But that myself should be the root and father Of many kings .	But it was also prophesied that the crown would not go to your descendants , and that my sons and grandsons would be kings instead .
Which of you have done this ?	Which one of you have done this ?
Why dost thou lead these men about the streets ?	Why are you leading these men through the streets ?
Thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight .	Do you see that these lovers are looking for a place to fight ?
What is the news ?	What ’ s the news ?
Go , prepare for dinner .	Now go , set up for dinner .
Stand !	Stop !
Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire burn and cauldron bubble .	Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire , burn ; and caldron , bubble .
O , preposterous And frantic outrage , end thy damnèd spleen , Or let me die , to look on death no more .	Let it end , or let me die so I won ’ t have to watch any more of it .
Counterfeit , I assure you .	Fake , I ’ m telling you .
In God ’ s name , speak .	In God ’ s name , speak .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
My remedy is then to pluck it out .	All I have to do is remove it .
Come , seeling night , Scarf up the tender eye of pitiful day , And with thy bloody and invisible hand Cancel and tear to pieces that great bond Which keeps me pale !	Come , night that closes the eyes , Cover the tender eye of pitiful day ; And , with your bloody and invisible hand , Cancel and tear to pieces that great deed Which keeps me pale !
But you are no such man .	But you ’ re no such man .
Good morrow , masters .	Good morning , gentlemen .
Thou most lying slave , Whom stripes may move , not kindness !	You most lying slave , Whom beatings may move , not kindness !
I shall win at the odds .	I shall win at the odds .
Enough , I am engaged .	That ’ s enough for me , then .
Now , Antony , our hopes are answered .	Now , Antony , our prayers are answered .
My life upon her faith ! — Honest Iago , My Desdemona must I leave to thee .	Iago , I ’ m leaving my dear Desdemona with you .
Stayed it long ?	Did it stay a long time ?
Proceed , Solinus , to procure my fall , And by the doom of death end woes and all .	Give me the death sentence and end all my troubles .
The time is come .	This is that time .
Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true .	Not Shafalus to Procrus was so true .
Here comes another of the tribe ; a third cannot be matched , unless the devil himself turn Jew .	Here comes another Jew : we cannot Match them , unless the devil himself turn Jew .
Caesar ’ s will ?	What does Caesar want ?
Marry , before he fell down , when he perceived the common herd was glad he refused the crown , he plucked me ope his doublet and offered them his throat to cut .	Damn it , before he fell down , when he thought the common herd was glad he had refused the crown , he opened his shirt , and offered to cut his throat .
Give me your hand .	Give me your hand .
Bestow this place on us a little while .	Leave us alone for a little while .
His eyes are humbler than they used to be .	He looks humbler than he used to .
Many will swoon when they do look on blood .	Many people faint when they see blood .
Yea , dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth ?	What , are you mocking me to my face ?
I ’ ll fish for thee and get thee wood enough .	I ’ ll fish for you and get you plenty of firewood .
Tis no matter how it be in tune , so it make noise enough .	It doesn ’ t matter if it ’ s in tune so long as it ’ s loud enough .
I have not seen such a firago .	I ’ ve never seen such a monster .
Oh , come apace , dispatch !	Oh , come quickly !
We must bear all .	What a painful condition responsibility is .
There let him sink , and be the seas on him !	Let him sink there so the sea will cover him !
I have ’ t .	I ’ ve worked it out .
How weary , stale , flat and unprofitable Seem to me all the uses of this world !	How weary , stale , flat , and unprofitable All the habits of this world seem to me !
What says my lord ?	What do you say , my lord ?
That ’ s two of his weapons .	Those are only two of his weapons .
He .	Yes , it ’ s me .
Tis better as it is .	It is better as it is .
The Queen Of audience nor desire shall fail , so she From Egypt drive her all-disgracèd friend Or take his life there .	I ’ ll give the Queen a hearing and grant her requests if she either throws her dishonored friend out of Egypt or kills him .
This is the man , this is Antonio , To whom I am so infinitely bound .	This is Antonio , my dearest friend .
What shall I say ?	What shall I say ?
But is there any else longs to see this broken music in his sides ?	Doesn ’ t anyone else want to see this , and hear breath wheezing out from broken ribs ?
I say my daughter is my flesh and blood .	Your I mean my daughter is my flesh and blood .
Yet ’ tis the plague to great ones , Prerogatived are they less than the base .	This is the plague of important men — our wives betray us more than those of poor men .
Thus it must be .	It must go like this .
Do not learn of him , Emilia , though he be thy husband .	Don ’ t learn from him , Emilia , although he is your husband .
I know you are no truant .	I know you ’ d never skip school .
Lend me your hand .	Help me here .
Donalbain .	Donalbain .
Why , that he did — I know not what he did .	He said he did — I don ’ t know .
The King and Queen and all are coming down .	The King and Queen and all are coming down .
I ’ ll buckler thee against a million .	They
Thy husband knew it all .	Your husband knew about everything .
So bless thee , master .	Bless you , master .
They could not , would not do ’ t .	They couldn ’ t , they wouldn ’ t .
Good gentlemen , let me have leave to speak .	Good gentlemen , give me permission to speak .
What , frighted with false fire ?	What , frightened by false fire !
A halter pardon him !	A noose pardon him !
An it had not fallen flat-long .	Too bad it fell flat .
Heart , once be stronger than thy continent .	Heart , for once be stronger than all the rest of the body combined .
Is not the leaf turned down Where I left reading ?	Didn ’ t I turn down the page where I left off reading ?
Very well , madam .	Very well , ma 'am .
Sir , here is newly come to court Laertes ; believe me , an absolute gentleman , full of most excellent differences , of very soft society and great showing .	Sir , here Laertes is newly come to court , believe me , an absolute gentleman , full of most excellent traits , of very soft manners and looking great .
Why , you must not speak that yet .	And don ’ t say all of that yet .
That , sir , which I will not report after her .	She says something , sir , but I will not repeat it to you .
Twill be recorded for a precedent , And many an error by the same example Will rush into the state .	The change will be recorded as a precedent , and many bad legal decisions will result .
The foul ’ st best fits My latter part of life .	The foulest fate would be most appropriate for me now in this latest phase of my life .
This tune goes manly .	Now you sound like a man .
I hate the Moor ; And it is thought abroad that ' twixt my sheets He has done my office .	I hate the Moor ; And it is widely thought that he has done my job Between my sheets .
And in the morning early will we both Fly toward Belmont .	Early in the morning we ’ ll both rush to Belmont .
It is but trash .	It ’ s worthless .
So may you lose your arms .	Not if you want to keep your arms !
Here ’ s to thy health .	Here ’ s to your health .
Thou still hast been the father of good news .	Once again you bring good news .
For love I followed him .	And I followed him because I loved him .
Remember thee !	Remember you !
Ay , and for that thou diest .	Yes , and for that you die .
If you say so , I hope you will not kill me .	If you say so , I hope you will not kill me .
I pray you , will you take him by the arm ?	Please , will you take his arm ?
But lest myself be guilty to self wrong , I ’ ll stop mine ears against the mermaid ’ s song .	I ’ d better stop up my ears against this siren ’ s song .
Do it , England , For like the hectic in my blood he rages , And thou must cure me .	I have the motivation , the willpower , the ability , and the means to do it .
Nay , I will .	No , I will .
Very well , my lord .	Very well , my lord .
Though I wish thy death , I will not be the executioner .	Though I wish you were dead , I ’ m not going to be the one to kill you .
Who is to be buried in 't ?	Who is to be buried in it ?
It is the devil .	She ’ s the devil .
Now gods that we adore , whereof comes this ?	Dear gods in heaven , what ’ s the reason for this ?
Go and commend me to my brother Cassius .	Go to my brother Cassius .
Kill the poys and the luggage !	To kill the boys with the luggage !
Wherein the toged consuls can propose As masterly as he .	which any peace-lover can do .
Let me see now : To get his place , and to plume up my will In double knavery — How , how ?	Let me see now , To get his place , and to congratulate myself In double trickery , How , how ?
Stephano is my name , and I bring word My mistress will before the break of day Be here at Belmont .	My name ’ s Stephano , and I ’ ve come to tell you my mistress will arrive here at Belmont before sunrise .
To pay five ducats , five , I would not farm it ; Nor will it yield to Norway or the Pole A ranker rate , should it be sold in fee .	To pay five dollars , five , I wouldn ’ t farm it , And it won ’ t yield either to Norway or the Poles A worse rate if it should it be sold in payment .
Why then , the devil give him good of it !	Well , then , I hope he chokes on it !
At the duke 's oak we meet .	We ’ ll meet at the duke 's oak .
Banquo and Donalbain !	Banquo and Donalbain !
I am yet Unknown to woman , never was forsworn , Scarcely have coveted what was mine own , At no time broke my faith , would not betray The devil to his fellow , and delight No less in truth than life .	I am still A virgin ; I have never gone back on my word , Scarcely have wanted what was my own , At no time broke a promise , would not betray The devil to his fellow , and delight More in truth than life .
Now , until the break of day , Through this house each fairy stray .	Now , until dawn , Each fairy wander through this house .
Go with me To bless this twain , that they may Prospus be And honoured in their issue .	Go with me To bless these two , that they may be prosperous , And honored in their children .
O my dear niece , welcome thou art to me , Even daughter , welcome in no less degree .	My niece , you are welcome here as if you were my own daughter .
He may recover yet .	He may recover yet .
This ?	This one ?
I did think , by the excellent constitution of thy leg , it was formed under the star of a galliard .	Look how shapely your legs are .
Some god direct my judgment !	Some god direct my judgment !
I prithee , pretty youth , let me be better acquainted with thee .	Please , pretty young man , I ’ d like to get to know you better .
And do you now strew flowers in his way That comes in triumph over Pompey ’ s blood ?	And now you toss flowers in the path of Caesar , who comes in triumph over Pompey ’ s defeated sons ?
That which is now a horse , even with a thought The rack dislimns and makes it indistinct As water is in water .	What looks like a horse is quick as thought disfigured by the wind , made as difficult to distinguish as water poured into water .
Saint Valentine is past .	Valentine ’ s Day is over .
I warrant your honor .	I will , sir .
Worse and worse !	This is getting worse and worse !
That ’ scuse serves many men to save their gifts .	Many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts .
Be collected .	Calm down .
You shall never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue .	You ’ ll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue .
In faith , My lord , not I.	Really , My lord , I would not .
Who brought it ?	Who brought it out here ?
Within these three days let me hear thee say That Cassio ’ s not alive .	Within the next three days I want to hear you tell me that Cassio ’ s dead .
Peace !	Oh , shut up !
For , sir , It is as sure as you are Roderigo , Were I the Moor , I would not be Iago .	you , as sure as your name ’ s Roderigo , if I were the Moor I wouldn ’ t want to be Iago .
Most mighty sovereign , You have no cause to hold my friendship doubtful .	Most mighty sovereign , you have no reason to doubt my friendship .
Lie not a night from home .	So don ’ t spend one night away from this house .
He , that Caliban Whom now I keep in service .	Caliban , who now serves me .
I ’ ll make division of my present with you .	Take this .
Never , my lord .	Never , my lord .
In the name lay A moiety of the world .	It ’ s the death of half the world .
What man is that ?	What man is that ?
Nor I , my lord .	Nor I , my lord .
Sweet friends , to bed .	Dear friends , let ’ s go to bed .
For this time I will leave you .	I ’ ll leave you for now .
By which honor I dare not swear thou lovest me , yet my blood begins to flatter me that thou dost , notwithstanding the poor and untempering effect of my visage .	And though I wouldn ’ t dare to swear that you love me , still my blood begins to flatter me that you do , despite the ill effects of my face .
Tis but a little way that I can bring you , For I attend here .	I can only walk a little way with you , since I ’ m waiting here .
Katherine the curst ! ” A title for a maid of all titles the worst .	Katherine the shrew ! ” That ’ s the worst thing you can call a young woman .
I tell you , ’ tis incredible to believe How much she loves me .	I tell you , though , it ’ s incredible how much she loves me .
When the moon shone we did not see the candle .	While the moon was shining we didn ’ t even notice the candle .
O royal Caesar !	O , royal Caesar !
And so of men .	It ’ s the same with men .
If arguing make us sweat , The proof of it will turn to redder drops .	If arguing makes us sweat , The proof of it will turn to redder drops .
Shall Kate be my wife ?	Shall Kate be my wife ?
Tis time to part .	It ’ s time to leave .
Thus we may see , ” quoth he , “ how the world wags .	This way , we can see how the world moves .
Set on your foot , And with a heart new-fired I follow you , To do I know not what ; but it sufficeth That Brutus leads me on .	Start walking , And I ’ ll follow you with a new , fired up heart , To do I don ’ t know what , but it ’ s enough That Brutus leads me on .
For me , that I may surely keep mine oath , I will be married to a wealthy widow , Ere three days pass , which hath as long loved me As I have loved this proud disdainful haggard .	Well , to be on the safe side — so I don ’ t go back on my promise — I plan to get myself married to a wealthy widow within the next three days .
I have charged thee not to haunt about my doors .	I told you not to hang around my house .
Is all the counsel that we two have shared , The sisters ' vows , the hours that we have spent When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us — oh , is it all forgot ?	Have you forgotten all the talks we ’ ve had together , the vows we made to be like sisters to one another , all the hours we spent together , wishing that we never had to say goodbye — have you forgotten ?
What news more ?	Is there more news ?
It is good to grow .	It ’ s good to grow .
Five hundred poor I have in yearly pay , Who twice a day their withered hands hold up Toward heaven to pardon blood .	I ’ ve hired five hundred almsmen to hold up their withered hands to heaven , praying for my pardon twice a day throughout the year .
I found it thrown in at the casement of my closet .	It was tossed into the window of my room .
This a dull sight .	My vision is dull .
The one I 'll slay , the other slayeth me .	I ’ ll kill him , and she kills me .
My name 's Macbeth .	My name 's Macbeth .
Do you intend to stay with me tonight ?	Were you thinking of spending the night here ?
God , God forgive us all !	Yes , right away .
By foul play , as thou sayst , were we heaved thence , But blessedly holp hither .	By foul play , as you say , we were lifted from there , But blessedly helped here .
These tidings will well comfort Cassius .	This news will comfort Cassius .
That we should , with joy , pleasance revel and applause , transform ourselves into beasts !	Why do we party until we ’ re like animals ?
Who calls me villain ?	Who calls me villain ?
It is a man ’ s office , but not yours .	It ’ s a job meant for a man , but not you .
A velvet dish !	No , definitely not !
Never to speak of this that you have heard : Swear by my sword .	Never to speak of what you have heard , Swear by my sword .
If Sir Toby would leave drinking , thou wert as witty a piece of Eve ’ s flesh as any in Illyria .	You ’ d be the funniest person in Illyria … if Sir Toby ever stopped drinking .
Portia , forgive me this enforcèd wrong , And in the hearing of these many friends I swear to thee , even by thine own fair eyes Wherein I see myself — Mark you but that !	All these friends are my witnesses , so I swear to you , I swear by your beautiful eyes , in which I see myself reflected — Did you hear that !
Thy love ?	Your darling ?
Monster , you fairy , which you say is a harmless fairy , has done little better than played the Jack with us .	Monster , your fairy , which you say is a harmless fairy , has done little better than played us for fools .
Thither he Will come to know his destiny .	Macbeth will go there to learn his destiny .
And let my liver rather heat with wine Than my heart cool with mortifying groans .	I ’ d rather overload my liver with wine than starve my heart by denying myself fun .
Sayest thou that house is dark ?	You call this house dark ?
My liege and madam , to expostulate What majesty should be , what duty is , Why day is day , night night , and time is time , Were nothing but to waste night , day , and time .	Sir and madam , to make grand speeches about what majesty is , what service is , or why day is day , night is night , and time is time is just a waste of a lot of day , night , and time .
Alas , I am the mother of these griefs .	Alas , I am the mother of all these others ' griefs .
What !	What do you say ?
Her name is Margery , indeed .	Yes , you ’ re right , her name is Margery .
Nor I , my lord , in faith .	Nor I , my lord , really .
How do you , my good lady ?	How are you , my good lady ?
What should I think on ’ t ?	What ’ s the obvious conclusion from that ?
I am boy to them all three , but all they three , though they would serve me , could not be man to me .	Yet not one among them , if all three were to wait on me , could be my “ man , ” because three such fakes don ’ t amount to a man .
O wherefore , Nature , didst thou lions frame ?	Oh why , nature , did you make lions ?
Where the place ?	Where should we meet ?
Good nuncle , in , and ask thy daughters blessing .	Please , uncle , let ’ s go in and ask your daughters to forgive you .
A contract of true love to celebrate , And some donation freely to estate On the blessed lovers .	To celebrate a marriage of true love , and give a gift to the lovers .
But now mine eyes , Which I have darted at thee , hurt thee not .	But my eyes , which I ’ ve darted at you , haven ’ t even left a mark .
Cleopatra — Think you there was or might be such a man As this I dreamt of ?	Cleopatra — Do you think there ever was , or could there ever be , a man such as the one I dreamed about ?
A strange fish !	A strange fish !
If thou dost love me Show me thy thought .	If you ’ re my friend , tell me what you ’ re thinking .
Tell her the king , that may command , entreats — That , at her hands , which the king ’ s King forbids .	Tell her that the king , who has the power to command people , asks her .
Good morrow , both .	Good morning to you both !
Answer every man directly .	Answer every man directly .
Not in my house , Lucentio , for you know Pitchers have ears , and I have many servants .	Not in my house , Lucentio .
He is full so valiant , And in his commendations I am fed ; It is a banquet to me .	He is so full of courage , And his commendations are food for me , A banquet to me .
Do you perceive in all this noble company Where most you owe obedience ?	Who do you obey here ?
Go fetch them hither .	Go bring them here .
Till Birnam Wood remove to Dunsinane I cannot taint with fear .	I won ’ t be afraid Until Birnam wood remove to Dunsinane .
What ’ s the matter here ?	What ’ s going on here ?
Do me right , or I will protest your cowardice .	lain .
There ’ s no offense , my lord .	No offense taken .
All that 's spoke is marr 'd .	All that 's spoken is marred .
Stand and unfold yourself .	Halt , and identify yourself .
I cannot make you what amends I would ; Therefore accept such kindness as I can .	I can ’ t make up for everything that I ’ d like to , so accept such kindness as I can offer .
I will go before , sir . — Mistress , look out at window , for all this .	I ’ ll go ahead of you , sir .
You did .	You did .
Come one more .	We ’ re still waiting for one more .
I ’ ll wear none but this .	I ’ ll wear this one and none other .
What , think you we are Turks or infidels ?	What , do you think we ’ re Turks or savages , instead of Christians ?
O noble judge !	Oh , good judge !
Good night , sweet prince , And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest !	Good night , sweet prince , And flights of angels sing you to your rest !
Had not that been as proper ?	Wouldn ’ t that have been just as appropriate ?
And yet , to say the truth , reason and love keep little company together nowadays .	But to tell you the truth , reason and love have very little to do with each other these days .
All this ?	All this ?
no more !	avoid ; no more !
Shylock , do you hear ?	Shylock , do you hear me ?
Will you be patient ?	Will you be patient ?
Now he importunes him To tell it o 'er .	Now he urges him To tell it again .
Those of his chamber , as it seemed , had done ’ t .	It seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his chamber did it .
This is the fruits of rashness .	This is what happens when you act rashly .
I heard him say , Brutus and Cassius Are rid like madmen through the gates of Rome .	I heard them say Brutus and Cassius Are riding like madmen through the gates of Rome .
Go , bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns .	Go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up .
Will you dine with me tomorrow ?	Will you dine with me tomorrow ?
I spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack .	I spoke with some of the sailors who survived the wreck .
Put your torches out .	Put out your torches .
How long is that since ?	How long is that since ?
Ay , and briefly .	Yes , and be brief .
Beware Macduff .	Beware Macduff .
Thou canst not .	You can ’ t do that .
Impatient of my absence , And grief that young Octavius with Mark Antony Have made themselves so strong — for with her death That tidings came — with this she fell distract And , her attendants absent , swallowed fire .	She was worried about my absence , and about the fact that young Octavius and Mark Antony have grown so strong — which I found out at the same time as the news of her death .
Let them all come down .	Let all the soldiers come down .
Think ’ st thou I ’ d make a life of jealousy , To follow still the changes of the moon With fresh suspicions ?	Do you think I would live a life of jealousy , tormented by new suspicions every hour ?
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
If I do die before thee , prithee , shroud me In one of these same sheets .	If I die before you do make sure I ’ m wrapped in those sheets in my coffin .
Let Hercules himself do what he may , The cat will mew , and dog will have his day .	Let Hercules himself do what he may , The cat will mew and every dog will have his day .
Thou shalt not from this grove Till I torment thee for this injury . — My gentle Puck , come hither .	You won ’ t leave this grove until I ’ ve paid you back for this insult .
The triplex , sir , is a good tripping measure , or the bells of Saint Bennet , sir , may put you in mind — one , two , three .	The three-beat rhythm is a good for dancing , and the church bells chime — one , two , three .
And his unbookish jealousy must construe Poor Cassio ’ s smiles , gestures , and light behavior Quite in the wrong . — How do you now , lieutenant ?	In his ignorant jealousy , he ’ ll totally misunderstand Cassio ’ s smiles , gestures , and jokes . — How are you , lieutenant ?
Sweet lady , ho , ho .	Hello , sweet lady .
The reason why the seven stars are no more than seven is a pretty reason .	There ’ s a nice reason why the constellation Pleiades has only seven stars in it .
Aboard , aboard , for shame !	Aboard , aboard , for shame !
Tubal , a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe , Will furnish me .	Tubal , a wealthy Hebrew of my tribe , Will supply me .
While grace is saying , hood mine eyes Thus with my hat , and sigh and say , “ Amen ” — Use all the observance of civility Like one well studied in a sad ostent To please his grandam , never trust me more .	If I don ’ t do all this , never trust me again .
to Sebastian &ket; His word is more than the miraculous &bra; to Sebastian &ket; His word is more than the miraculous harp .	His word is more miraculous than the magic harp .
Such welcome and unwelcome things at once ' Tis hard to reconcile .	It ’ s hard to make sense of such different stories .
What handkerchief ?	What handkerchief ?
I have a daughter — have while she is mine — Who in her duty and obedience , mark , Hath given me this .	I have a daughter , have while she is mine , Who , in her duty and obedience , listen , Has given me this .
Here comes Oberon .	Here comes Oberon .
Prithee , nuncle , be contented .	Please calm down , uncle .
Give me your arm .	Give me your arm .
Look you here , Here is himself , marr 'd , as you see , with traitors .	Look here , Here he is , disfigured , as you can see , by traitors .
I would have all well betwixt you .	I just want everything to be all right between you .
Sure , I shall never marry like my sisters , To love my father all .	I ’ m sure I ’ ll never get married in the way my sisters say they ’ re married , loving their father only .
I 'll make so bold to call , For ’ tis my limited service .	I 'll make so bold to call , Because it is my limited service .
We ’ ll see our husbands Before they think of us .	We ’ ll see our husbands before they even have a chance to miss us .
Queen Margaret saw Thy murd 'rous falchion smoking in his blood , The which thou once didst bend against her breast , But that thy brothers beat aside the point .	Queen Margaret saw your sword steaming with his blood .
Under this conjuration , speak , my lord , For we will hear , note , and believe in heart That what you speak is in your conscience washed As pure as sin with baptism .	With this in mind , speak , my lord .
My sickness grows upon me .	I feel sicker and sicker .
Well , sir , in brief , the gown is not for me .	Well , sir , the gown is not for me .
He hath brought many captives home to Rome Whose ransoms did the general coffers fill .	He brought many captives home to Rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city .
Well then , no more but this : go , gentle Catesby , And , as it were far off , sound thou Lord Hastings How he doth stand affected to our purpose And summon him tomorrow to the Tower To sit about the coronation .	Okay , just do this , noble Catesby : sound out Lord Hastings , but make it seem as if you ’ re just mulling over the idea , that it hasn ’ t been firmed up yet .
Pretty soul !	Pretty soul !
My clerk hath some good comforts too for you .	My clerk has some good comforts for you , too .
I commend my duty to your lordship .	My services are at your command .
The Moor replies That he you hurt is of great fame in Cyprus And great affinity , and that in wholesome wisdom He might not but refuse you .	The Moor says the man you hurt is very important in Cyprus , and that under the circumstances he has no choice but to refuse to reinstate you .
Thy thoughts I cleave to .	I hang onto your thoughts .
Wouldst thou not be glad to have the niggardly rascally sheep-biter come by some notable shame ?	Won ’ t you be glad to see that rascal dog humiliated ?
As love is , my lord , before it loves .	Like love , my lord , before it learns to love .
Is your name Goneril ?	Is your name Goneril ?
O dainty duck !	Oh dainty duck !
Do you hear ?	Do you ?
Why , so didst thou .	Why , so did you .
Malcolm and Donalbain , the king ’ s two sons , Are stol 'n away and fled , which puts upon them Suspicion of the deed .	Malcolm and Donalbain , the king ’ s two sons , have run away and fled , which makes them the prime suspects .
Why seek 'st thou me ?	Why are you looking for me ?
Ay , that he did .	Yes , he did .
You saw my master wink and laugh upon you ?	You saw my master wink and laugh at you ?
It seems he hath great care to please his wife .	It seems he has taken great care to please his wife .
But here comes Antony . — Welcome , Mark Antony .	But here comes Antony . — Welcome , Mark Antony .
Because we come to do you service and you think we are ruffians , you 'll have your daughter covered with a Barbary horse ; you 'll have your nephews neigh to you ; you 'll have coursers for cousins , and gennets for germans .	Because we are servants , and you think we are ruffians , you 'd have your daughter covered with a African horse ; you 'd have your nephews neigh to you ; you 'd have chargers for cousins and small Spanish horses for Germans .
But oh , how vile an idol proves this god !	But oh , what a deceiver he turned out to be !
Declare thine office .	Say what you ’ re here for .
Madam my interpreter , what says she ?	What does she say , madam interpreter ?
What news , my lord ?	What happened , sir ?
Let ’ s follow it , and after do our work .	But let ’ s follow it , and then do our dirty work afterward .
Reputation is an idle and most false imposition ; oft got without merit and lost without deserving .	Reputation is an idle and very false burden , often got without merit and lost without being deserved .
O time , thou must untangle this , not I.	Oh , only time can sort out this mess .
Peace !	Quiet !
Toad , that under cold stone Days and nights has thirty-one Swelter 'd venom sleeping got , Boil thou first i ’ the charmed pot .	Toad , that has spent Thirty one days and nights under cold stone , From whose sweat a sleeping venom was gotten , Boil you first in the charmed pot !
I care not for my spirits , if my legs were not weary .	I wouldn ’ t care about my spirits , if my legs weren ’ t tired .
So , fare you well at once , for Brutus ' tongue Hath almost ended his life 's history .	So , goodbye now , because Brutus ' tongue Has almost ended his life 's story .
What it should be , More than his father ’ s death , that thus hath put him So much from th ' understanding of himself , I cannot dream of .	I can ’ t imagine what ’ s made him so unlike himself , other than his father ’ s death .
Ay , or drinking , fencing , swearing , Quarreling , drabbing — you may go so far .	That ’ s right , or drinking , swearing , fist-fighting , visiting prostitutes — that kind of thing .
As he shall smile , Othello shall go mad ; And his unbookish jealousy must construe Poor Cassio 's smiles , gestures , and light behavior , Quite in the wrong .	As he smiles , Othello shall go crazy ; And his ignorant jealousy must interpret Poor Cassio 's smiles , gestures , and happy behavior All wrong .
Why , know 'st thou any harm 's intended towards him ?	Why , do you know if any harm 's intended towards him ?
Why is this “ impawned , ” as you call it ?	Why has all this been put on the table ?
Withdraw , my lord .	Get off the field , my lord .
Fetch Desdemona hither .	Bring Desdemona here .
All torment , trouble , wonder , and amazement Inhabits here .	All torment , trouble , wonder and amazement Live here .
These are unsightly tricks .	These are ugly antics .
Fare you well , my lord .	Goodbye , my lord .
A little , by your favor .	A little bit .
Yet , when I saw it last , it was besmeared As black as Vulcan in the smoke of war .	Though the last time I saw him it was black from the smoke of war .
If she do bid me pack , I ’ ll give her thanks , As though she bid me stay by her a week .	If she orders me to go , I ’ ll thank her warmly as if she ’ d just offered to put me up for a week .
Peace , you were best .	Peace , you ’ d better stop .
It weeps , it bleeds , and each new day a gash Is added to her wounds .	Our country weeps , it bleeds , and each day a fresh cut is added to her wounds .
Yea , art thou there ?	Are you there ?
Sooth , madam , I hear nothing .	Really , madam , I hear nothing .
Would 't had been done !	I wish I had !
your flashes of merriment , that were wont to set the table on a roar ?	Your flashes of laughter that always make the audience roar ?
Thou speak ’ st wiser than thou art ware of .	You speak more wisely than you know .
Stones have been known to move , and trees to speak .	Gravestones have been known to move , and trees to speak , to bring guilty men to justice .
If what he might he is not , I would to heaven he were !	If he isn ’ t what he might be , then I wish to God he were !
What , I say , My foot my tutor ?	What !
Haste me to know ’ t , that I , with wings as swift As meditation or the thoughts of love , May sweep to my revenge .	You ’ d have to be as lazy as a weed on the shores of I knew it !
If you will take a homely man 's advice , Be not found here ; hence , with your little ones .	If you will take a homely man 's advice , Don ’ t be found here , here , with your little ones .
What ’ s the matter , lieutenant ?	What ’ s the matter , lieutenant ?
Let me but move one question to your daughter , And by that fatherly and kindly power That you have in her , bid her answer truly .	Let me just ask her one question , and by your authority as her father , order her to answer truthfully .
Good morrow , my good lords .	Good morning , my good lords .
Where shall we meet i ' th ' morning ?	Where will we meet in the morning ?
Whither are they vanished ?	Where did they disappear to ?
Thou and thy meaner fellows your last service Did worthily perform , and I must use you In such another trick .	You and your meaner fellows performed your last jobs Very well , and I must use you In another similar trick .
Let us be sacrificers , but not butchers , Caius .	Let ’ s be sacrificers , but not butchers , Caius .
Do Poor Tom some charity , whom the foul fiend vexes .	Take pity on Poor Tom , who is persecuted by the devil .
And that I am he Let me a little show it even in this : That I was constant Cimber should be banished , And constant do remain to keep him so .	To show you that that ’ s me , let me prove it a little even in this case .
Good old knight , Collect them all together at my tent .	Good old knight , gather them all together at my tent .
One more , and this the last : So sweet was ne 'er so fatal .	One more , and this is the last ; So sweet was never so fatal .
There is tears for his love , joy for his fortune , honor for his valor , and death for his ambition .	There are tears for his love ; joy for his fortune ; honor for his valor , and death for his ambition .
O worthy Stephano !	O worthy Stephano !
Aroint thee , witch ! ” the rump-fed runnion cries .	Get away from me , witch ! ” the fat woman cried .
And lovers ' absent hours More tedious than the dial eightscore times !	And lovers ' hours are a hundred and sixty times longer than normal ones !
That would I , had I kingdoms to give with her .	Yes , even if I had whole kingdoms to give along with her .
Did you never see the picture of “ We Three ” ?	What a pretty picture , three fools all together .
He might have chid me so , for , in good faith , I am a child to chiding .	He might have treated me like that , because I ’ m as unused to abuse as a little child .
Fare thee well .	Good-bye .
But we are spirits of another sort .	I like the morning .
You may do then in time .	You may hear about it soon .
My husband !	My husband !
Soundly , my lord .	Soundly , my lord .
Said you so ?	Regan , is that what you said ?
By such despair I should accuse myself .	Such an expression of despair would only prove that I was guilty .
Dost thou think Alexander looked o ' this fashion i ' th ' earth ?	Do you think Alexander the Great looked like this when he was buried ?
my ducats , and my daughter !	My dollars and my daughter !
He calls us back .	He ’ s calling us back .
would you create me new ?	Are you trying to remake me ?
My lord , there needs no such apology .	My lord , you don ’ t need to apologize .
Make no compare Between that love a woman can bear me And that I owe Olivia .	Don ’ t compare a woman ’ s love for a man with my love for Olivia .
Stand fast , good Fate , to his hanging .	Hold your position , good Fate , for his hanging !
She loves me , sure !	Oh , I really think she loves me !
Oh , the good gods !	Insolent Oh , the good gods !
Has he , masters ?	Has he , sirs ?
More of this matter cannot I report .	I can ’ t report more of this matter , But men are men ; the best sometimes forget themselves .
I will not do them wrong .	I will not do them wrong .
Off with that bauble , throw it underfoot .	Take it off and throw it on the ground .
Malcolm !	Malcolm !
killed a cat ?	Lighten up .
We two , my lord , Will guard your person while you take your rest , And watch your safety .	We two , my lord , Will guard your person while you sleep , And watch for your safety .
Aside .	Aside .
I am not to you known , Though , in your state of honor I am perfect .	You don ’ t know me , But I know you though in your state of honor .
Go tread the path that thou shalt ne 'er return .	Go walk the path that you will never return from .
I thank you for your pains and courtesy .	I thank you for your pains and courtesy .
My father was no traitor .	My father wasn ’ t a traitor .
Sneck up !	So shut up !
Why in that rawness left you wife and child , Those precious motives , those strong knots of love , Without leave-taking ?	Why did you leave wife and child in that rawness , Those precious motives , those strong knots of love , Without leave-taking ?
In faith , hath not the world one man but he will wear his cap with suspicion ?	Isn ’ t there one man left in the world who knows not to take a wife ?
Ha !	Ha !
So art thou to revenge when thou shalt hear .	You must be ready for revenge , too , when you hear me out .
By my troth , thou hast an open hand .	Well , well .
Thou hast seen these signs .	You ’ ve seen these illusions .
to Sebastian &ket; Temperance was a delicate wench .	Climate was a delicate mistress .
There lies your love .	There ’ s your boyfriend , sleeping right over there .
Which of you — if you were a prince ’ s son Being pent from liberty , as I am now — If two such murderers as yourselves came to you , Would not entreat for life ?	If either of you were a prince ’ s son , and you were imprisoned as I am now , and two murderers like yourselves came to you — wouldn ’ t you beg for your life ?
Are they so followed ?	Do they attract big audiences ?
My friends told me as much , and I thought no less .	My friends told me as much , and I knew it , too .
Who ’ s born that day When I forget to send to Antony Shall die a beggar .	Whoever is born on a day I forget to send a message to Antony will die a beggar .
If her breath were as terrible as her terminations , there were no living near her ; she would infect to the north star .	If her breath were as terrible as her words , she would kill every living thing from here to the furthest star .
Here , catch this casket ; it is worth the pains .	Here , catch this chest ; it is worth the trouble .
Though it be pity to see such a sight , it well becomes the ground .	Though that must have been a pitiful sight , the ground looked beautiful .
That you did fear is done .	What you were afraid of has happened .
In the street I met him , And in his company that gentleman .	I met him in the street — he was there with that man .
Then is courtesy a turncoat .	That makes Lady Courtesy a traitor .
And , as you said ( and wisely was it said ) ' Tis meet that some more audience than a mother — Since nature makes them partial — should o 'erhear The speech , of vantage .	And as you said ( and you said it wisely ) , it ’ s good to have someone other than a mother listening in on them , since she can be too partial to him .
strange that sheeps ' guts should hale souls out of men ’ s bodies ?	Listen to him speaking in quarter notes !
Bear welcome in your eye , Your hand , your tongue .	Greet the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes , your hands , and your words .
I saw ’ t i ' the orchard .	I saw it in the orchard .
To the death , my lord .	Until the day we die , my lord .
Give me a kiss .	Give me a kiss .
There is a kind of merry war betwixt Signor Benedick and her .	Benedick and Beatrice have been waging a war of wits between themselves .
The air bites shrewdly ; it is very cold .	The air bites sharply , It is very cold .
For I am almost ready to dissolve , Hearing of this .	I ’ m almost ready to break down hearing this much .
A trim exploit , a manly enterprise , To conjure tears up in a poor maid 's eyes With your derision !	A really good exploit , a manly enterprise , To bring up tears in a poor maid 's eyes With your insults !
No , no , the bell .	No , no , the bell .
But these offers , Which serve not for his vantage , he shakes off , And so should you .	But Caesar ignores offers that don ’ t give him an advantage , and so should you .
As ’ tis said , the bastard son of Gloucester .	They say Gloucester ’ s bastard son is .
The very conveyances of his lands will scarcely lie in this box ; and must the inheritor himself have no more , ha ?	The very transfers of his lands will scarcely lie in this box , and must the inheritor himself have no more , huh ?
I think the sun where he was born Drew all such humors from him .	I think all tendencies to jealousy were burned out of him by the sun of his native land .
Father , ’ tis thus : yourself and all the world That talked of her have talked amiss of her .	Sir , this is the truth : you and the rest — all the people who have ever talked about her — have all been wrong .
Sir , most heedfully .	I ’ m hanging on every word .
I will make your peace with him if I can .	I ’ ll try to calm him down for you if I can .
Strike not by land ; keep whole .	Don ’ t attack by land .
Is not this buckled well ?	Didn ’ t I buckle this well ?
So do I his .	And I ’ m expecting his reproach .
Well , go to .	Well , all right then .
Instance , briefly .	Give a quick example .
She was too fond of her most filthy bargain .	She was too attached to her filthy marriage ever to do a thing like that !
Shall we be sundered ?	Will we be separated ?
tis dangerous when the baser nature comes Between the pass and fell incensed points Of mighty opposites .	It is dangerous when the lower nature comes Between the ups and downs Of mighty opposites .
Good cheer , Antonio !	Cheer up , Antonio !
A daughter ?	A daughter ?
A friend .	A friend .
He will not know what all but he do know .	He refuses to admit what everyone else knows .
Tis good .	Good .
Who bids thee call ?	Who called for you ?
Dead , I think . — Help , uncle ! — Hero , why , Hero !	She ’ s dead , I think . — Help , uncle ! — Hero , why Hero !
For heaven ’ s sake , help me !	For heaven ’ s sake , help me !
That he hath a neighbourly charity in him ; for he borrowed a box of the ear of the Englishman , and swore he would pay him again when he was able : I think the Frenchman became his surety , and sealed under for another .	I think that he has neighborly charity in him , because he borrowed a moneybox from the Englishman , and swore he would pay him again when he was able ; I think the Frenchman became his guarantor and it was sealed by another .
My way is now to hie home to his house And tell his wife that , being lunatic , He rushed into my house and took perforce My ring away .	I must go to his house and tell his wife that he came bursting into my place like a lunatic and stole my ring .
And lawfully by this the Jew may claim A pound of flesh to be by him cut off Nearest the merchant ’ s heart . — Be merciful .	And so the Jew may lawfully claim a pound of flesh nearest the merchant ’ s heart , to be cut off by him . — But please have mercy .
O , but I fear — How lost you company ?	O , but I fear how lost you each other ?
Tis certain there ’ s not a boy left alive , and the cowardly rascals that ran from the battle ha ' done this slaughter .	There ’ s certainly not a boy left alive , and it was done by the cowardly rascals who were running from the battle .
Come .	Come with me .
My lord , Mark Antony , Hearing that you prepared for war , acquainted My grievèd ear withal , whereon I begged His pardon for return .	Mark Antony heard that you were preparing to wage war on him .
Wherefore to Dover ?	Why Dover ?
Now , Hamlet , hear .	Now , Hamlet , listen .
Excellent well .	Excellent well .
How came we ashore ?	How did we manage to get ashore ?
The single and peculiar life is bound With all the strength and armour of the mind To keep itself from noyance ; but much more That spirit upon whose weal depends and rests The lives of many .	The single and peculiar life is bound , With all the strength and amour of the mind , To keep itself from madness , but much more so For that spirit on whose government the lives of many Depend and rest .
Stir not until the signal .	Don ’ t move until the signal .
Even for the blood That then I lost for thee , now grant me justice .	In exchange for the blood I shed for you then , I ask you for justice now .
O this learning , what a thing it is !	Oh , what an excellent thing this learning is !
This is the very ecstasy of love , Whose violent property fordoes itself And leads the will to desperate undertakings As oft as any passion under heaven That does afflict our natures .	Love is such a violent emotion that it makes people self-destruct , as much as any strong emotion .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
This deed will be well welcome to Lorenzo .	This deed will be very welcome to Lorenzo .
Look , my lord , it comes !	Look , my lord , it comes !
Hold , for your lives !	Stop right now !
Those linen cheeks of thine Are counselors to fear .	That pale face of yours will frighten the others as well .
Nay , that ’ s certain .	No , that ’ s the truth .
I see two husbands , or mine eyes deceive me .	Either my eyes deceive me , or I see two husbands .
You come most carefully upon your hour .	You ’ ve come right on time .
Tis he .	That ’ s him .
Take heed you fall not .	Be careful not to fall in .
So will you say when you have seen the sequel .	That ’ s what you ’ ll say once you ’ ve seen part two .
Something is rotten in the state of Denmark .	Something is rotten in the state of Denmark .
What , are the brothers parted ?	Did the brothers-in-law leave ?
Pray you , let Cassio be received again .	I beg you , let Cassio be welcomed again .
Arise , arise , Awake the snorting citizens with the bell Or else the devil will make a grandsire of you .	Wake up , wake up , ring a bell and wake up all the snoring citizens .
Did Cicero say anything ?	Did Cicero say anything ?
Which of you two did dine with me today ?	Which of you two ate lunch with me today ?
Prithee , tonight Lay on my bed my wedding sheets .	I beg you , tonight Lay my wedding sheets on my bed , remember ?
Directly .	Directly .
May she give that ?	Can she give that away too ?
Take thee that too .	You take that , too .
Pindarus , Bid our commanders lead their charges off A little from this ground .	Pindarus , order our commanders to lead their charges a little ways away from this ground .
Wilt thou , Silvius ?	Will you do that for me , Silvius ?
O , I see that nose of yours , but not that dog I shall throw it to .	O , I see that nose of yours , but not that dog I shall throw it to .
For what offence ?	What did they do wrong ?
Now , Cinna ; now , Metellus ; what , Trebonius , I have an hour 's talk in store for you ; Remember that you call on me today ; Be near me , that I may remember you .	Remember that you call on me today ; Be near me so that I may remember you .
No man must know . ” If this should be thee , Malvolio ?	No man must know . ” What if this someone were you , Malvolio ?
For you , mistress , Save you your labor .	For you , mistress , save you your labor .
These deeds must not be thought After these ways .	We can ’ t think that way about what we did .
What would you , Desdemona ?	What would you have , Desdemona ?
I ’ ll board him presently .	I ’ ll speak to him now .
Whiles I threat , he lives .	I ’ m going now .
Do , good friend .	Do that , my friend .
He is a dreamer ; let us leave him .	He ’ s a dreamer ; let ’ s get away from him .
He is addressed .	They ’ re speaking to him .
It shall be called “ Bottom ’ s Dream ” because it hath no bottom .	I ’ ll call it “ Bottom ’ s Dream ” because it ’ s so deep that it has no bottom .
Caesar !	Caesar !
Did he confess it ?	Did he confess ?
For that you must But say I could not help it .	But you can ’ t blame me for her offenses .
I will only be bold with Benedick for his company , for from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot he is all mirth .	I ’ ll ask only Benedick to come with me , for from the top of his head to the soles of his feet he ’ s a joker .
Who is thy lord ?	Who is your lord ?
Would all the world but he had quite forsworn !	It ’ s revolting !
Alas , thou hast misconstrued every thing !	Alas , you ’ ve misunderstood everything !
Come , go with me apart .	Come away with me .
A most high miracle !	A wonderful miracle !
All my engagements I will construe to thee , All the charactery of my sad brows .	I ’ ll tell you all about my meetings , All the reasons for my sad brows .
Nay , answer me .	No , answer me .
Up , sword , and know thou a more horrid hent .	Up , sword , and know a more horrid intention .
His knights grow riotous , and himself upbraids us On every trifle .	His knights are getting out of control , and he himself reprimands us about every little detail .
Pluck down forms , windows , any thing .	Grab down chairs , windows , anything .
Come , bring me where they are .	Come , bring me to where they are .
I will verify as much in his beard .	I will say as much to his face .
Wast thou mad , That thus so madly thou didst answer me ?	Were you mad when you spoke to me so madly ?
Give him tending .	Take good care of him .
Why , know ’ st thou any harm ’ s intended towards him ?	Why , do you know of any harm intended toward him ?
Wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant ?	Will you show the whole wealth of your wit al at once ?
Alas , you know not .	Alas , you don ’ t know .
He hath been most notoriously abused .	He really was tricked horribly .
So take her to thee , shepherd .	So take her , shepherd , and God bless you .
Tis very like .	That ’ s very likely .
None of these rogues and cowards But Ajax is their fool .	These cowards manage to make fools of brave men .
Till I know ' tis done , Howe 'er my haps , my joys were ne 'er begun .	Until I know it is done , However great my luck , my joys can never begin .
Why , all our ranks are broke .	Our men have all broken ranks .
Provoke him , that he may ; for even out of that will I cause these of Cyprus to mutiny , whose qual- ification shall come into no true taste again but by the displanting of Cassio .	Provoke him so that he will ; because even out of that , I will make these men of Cyprus rebel , whose character won ’ t come back to their original calmness unless Cassio is replaced .
Fore God , my lord , well spoken , with good accent and good discretion .	By God , my lord , well spoken , with good accent and good judgment .
Ay , ay .	Yes , yes .
Nay , how will you do for a husband ?	Maybe you should ask , what will you do for a husband ?
Let him not pass , But kill him rather .	Kill him rather than let him leave this room .
Do , do .	Thank you kindly .
They say the owl was a baker 's daughter .	They say the owl was a baker 's daughter .
Why , how now , monsieur ?	Well , what ’ s going on , mister ?
Never talk to me .	Don ’ t talk to me .
In those freckles live their savors .	Their sweet smells come from those little freckles .
Then swore he that he was a stranger here .	Then he swore he was a stranger here .
A thousand thanks , Signior Gremio .	Many thanks , Signior Gremio .
Know ’ st thou this country ?	Don ’ t give up yet .
While then , God be with you !	Until then , God be with you !
No epilogue , I pray you , for your play needs no excuse .	No epilogue , please .
Some good I mean to do Despite of mine own nature .	I want to do a little good despite my evil nature .
Let ’ s then determine with the ancient of war On our proceedings .	Then let ’ s meet with our senior command and discuss what to do next .
Why , there was a crown offered him , and being offered him : he put it by with the back of his hand , thus , and then the people fell a-shouting .	Why , there was a crown offered to him , and when it was Offered to him , he pushed it away with the back of his hand , like this , And then the people started shouting .
Look to the queen there , ho !	Take care of the queen !
You stayed well by ’ t in Egypt .	And I see you survived your time in Egypt .
Follow !	Follow !
A lover , or a tyrant ?	a lover , or a tyrant ?
Rage , blow !	Rage on , blow !
Honest , my lord ?	Honest , my lord !
Go bear it to the Centaur , where we host , And stay there , Dromio , till I come to thee .	Dromio , bring this money to the Centaur Inn , where we ’ re lodging , and wait there until I come .
The moon shines bright .	The moon ’ s bright tonight .
Coming from Sardis , on our former ensign Two mighty eagles fell , and there they perched , Gorging and feeding from our soldiers ' hands , Who to Philippi here consorted us .	Traveling from Sardis , two mighty eagles fell on our front flag and perched there , eating from the hands of the soldiers who ’ d accompanied us to Philippi .
Miscreant !	Scum !
Expose thyself to feel what wretches feel , That thou mayst shake the superflux to them And show the heavens more just .	Go out and feel what the impoverished feel .
Where ’ s that mongrel ?	Where ’ s that dog ?
You all do know this mantle .	You all know this cloak .
Lechery , sir , it provokes and unprovokes .	It sets you up for a fall .
As if time were in debt .	Time ’ s not the one in debt .
O villainy !	O villainy !
But I ’ ll see you soon .	But I ’ ll see you soon .
Perchance , Iago , I will ne 'er go home .	Maybe , Iago , I will never go home .
Tranio , you jest .	You can ’ t mean it , Tranio !
Amen .	Amen .
Thou dost belie her , and thou art a devil .	You lie about her , and you are a devil .
If thou say so , villain , Thou kill ’ st thy mistress .	If you say that , you bastard , you ’ ll kill your Queen .
How if they will not ?	And what if they won ’ t go ?
Well , heaven ’ s above all , and there be souls must be saved , and there be souls must not be saved .	Oh well , God ’ s in charge , and some people have to go to heaven , while other people have to go to hell .
Marked you not How that the guilty kindred of the queen Looked pale when they did hear of Clarence ' death ?	Did you notice how the queen ’ s guilty relatives turned pale when they heard about Clarence ’ s death ?
Ah , poor heart , he is so shaked of a burning quotidian tertian that it is most lamentable to behold .	The poor thing , he is so shaken with a fever that it ’ s terrible to see .
Now to that name my courage prove my title !	Now let my courage prove my title as wife .
Away with him !	Take him away !
I have lost my hopes .	I have lost my hopes .
Prepare we for our marriage ; on which day , My Lord of Burgundy , we ’ ll take your oath , And all the peers ' , for surety of our leagues .	Let us prepare for our wedding . — On that day , I ’ ll take your oath of loyalty , my Lord of Burgundy and all my peers , to guarantee my treaty .
Sunday comes apace .	Sunday is just around the corner .
Where dost thou hide thy head ?	Where are you ?
But what talk I of this ?	But why am I telling you this ?
I never sued to friend , nor enemy ; My tongue could never learn sweet smoothing word .	I never tried to win over a friend or enemy with sweet words .
How didst thou know ' twas she ?	How did you know it was she ?
Give me your answer , i ' faith , do ; and so clap hands and a bargain .	So give me your answer , and we ’ ll shake on it .
How many , as you guess ?	How many , can you guess ?
No , my most wrongèd sister .	No , he ’ s not .
tis brief , my lord .	It is short , my lord .
I cannot blame thee now to weep , For such an injury would vex a very saint , Much more a shrew of thy impatient humor .	I cannot blame you now for weeping .
If he have never drunk wine afore , it will go near to remove his fit .	If he ’ s never drunk it before , it ’ ll help soothe his fever .
Stand still .	Stand still .
Demand me nothing .	Don ’ t ask me anything .
How I have thought of this and of these times , I shall recount hereafter ; for this present , I would not , so with love I might entreat you , Be any further moved .	I ’ ll tell you later what I ’ ve thought about this And about these times , ; for now , Please don ’ t to try to persuade me any further .
Beware Of entrance to a quarrel ; but being in , Bear 't that the opposed may beware of thee .	Beware Of getting into a quarrel , but , once you are in , Fight so that the man you fight with may beware of you .
All is not well .	Something ’ s wrong .
Well , then I shall see thee again ?	Then I ’ ll see you again ?
I know my hour is come .	I know that my hour has come .
But , I pray you , let none of your people stir me ; I have an exposition of sleep come upon me .	But , I beg you , don ’ t let any of your people wake me up ; I feel a deep sleep coming .
Hath the fellow any wit that told you this ?	Is this servant of yours a smart man ?
Where art thou , Pindarus ?	Where are you , Pindarus ?
I could do more to do Antonius good , But ’ twould offend him , and in his offense Should my performance perish .	I could do more to help Antony , but to do so would insult him .
Content .	Agreed .
I must be gone .	I must be gone .
Rise , and lend thine ear .	Get up and listen to me .
Farewell , dear mother .	Goodbye , dear mother .
How have I been behaved that he might stick The small ’ st opinion on my least misuse ?	What have I ever done that he has anything to complain about ?
Why , what should you fear ?	Why , what are you afraid of ?
In all these circumstances I ’ ll instruct you .	And I ’ ll be eternally grateful to you .
No woman ’ s heart So big , to hold so much .	No woman ’ s heart is big enough to hold all my love .
We are haunted .	We ’ re being haunted .
I see a cherub that sees them .	I see an angel that sees them .
Or do you play the flouting jack , to tell us Cupid is a good hare-finder and Vulcan a rare carpenter ?	Or are you just teasing ?
So-so ” is good , very good , very excellent good .	So-so ” is good , very good , an excellent answer .
No .	No .
Well ; tell me now , what lady is the same To whom you swore a secret pilgrimage , That you to-day promis 'd to tell me of ?	Well , tell me now about the lady , The one you swore to make a secret trip to , The one you promised to tell me about today ?
I ’ ll tell thee what , Prince : a college of wit-crackers cannot flout me out of my humor .	I ’ ll tell you what , Prince : a whole university full of wisecrackers couldn ’ t change my mood today .
Iago keeps his word .	Iago has kept his word .
Art thou some god , some angel , or some devil That makest my blood cold and my hair to stare ?	Are you a god , an angel , or a devil , that you make my blood turn cold and my hair stand up ?
With his mouth full of news .	Honestly , you ’ re speaking the truth — ever since the fools were With his mouth full of news .
Not so , my lord : I am too much i ' the sun .	That ’ s not so , my lord , I am too much in the sun .
Most noble brother , you have done me wrong .	Most noble brother , you have done me wrong .
Did Cicero say anything ?	Did Cicero say anything ?
We looked not for Mark Antony here .	We didn ’ t expect Mark Antony to be here .
Yes , gracious madam .	Yes , dear madam .
How now , Malvolio !	How are you , Malvolio ?
Madam , I will .	I will , madam .
It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a calf there .	It was a brute part of him to kill so capital a stupid fellow there .
Not when I saw 't .	Not when I saw it .
And yet to win her , all the world to nothing !	And yet , against all odds , I win her over !
The taper burneth in your closet , sir .	The candle burns in your bedroom , sir .
Sit .	Have a seat .
Thou marshall 'st me the way that I was going , And such an instrument I was to use .	You guide me on the way that I was going , And show me the instrument I was to use .
We ’ ll hear a play tomorrow .	We ’ ll watch a whole play tomorrow .
What thou wouldst do Is done unto thy hand .	What you wanted is yours .
He has killed me , mother .	He has killed me , Mother .
Sir , you are very welcome to our house .	Sir , welcome to our house .
The children live whose fathers thou hast slaughtered , Ungoverned youth , to wail it in their age ; The parents live whose children thou hast butchered , Old barren plants , to wail it with their age .	There are parents living whose children you have butchered ; they are now old withered plants who will moan over their losses as they grow old .
Make him believe thou art Sir Topas the curate .	Make him think you ’ re Sir Topas the priest .
Or he that slew her brothers and her uncles ?	Or should I describe you as the one who killed her brothers and her uncles ?
If thou didst ever thy dear father love — O God !	If you ever loved your dear father — O God !
Within this three mile may you see it coming ; I say , a moving grove .	Within these three miles , you can see it coming , I say , a moving grove .
Captain Macmorris , I beseech you now , will you voutsafe me , look you , a few disputations with you as partly touching or concerning the disciplines of the war , the Roman wars ?	Captain Macmorris , I beg your pardon , but would you grant me a discussion or two with you , see , partly touching on or concerning the practice of war , the Roman wars , for the sake of argument , see , and friendly conversation ?
Excellent good .	Excellent , good .
Then stand with us .	Then stay with us .
I am glad on ’ t .	I ’ m happy about that .
You shall not seal to such a bond for me !	No , you can ’ t sign a contract like that for me !
I thank you , sir .	Thank you , sir .
She said so .	Yes , she said that .
Ay , and said nothing but what I protest intendment of doing .	Yes , and said nothing except that which I have every intention of doing .
I held the sword , and he did run on it .	I held the sword , and he ran into it .
There ’ s no composition in this news That gives them credit .	You can ’ t trust them .
Madam , so thrive I in my enterprise And dangerous success of bloody wars As I intend more good to you and yours Than ever you or yours were by me harmed !	Madam , if I do as well as I think I ’ m going to do in these dangerous , violent wars , you and your relatives will have more good at my hands than you ’ ve ever had bad !
Than my Lord Hastings no man might be bolder .	No one may be bolder than my Lord Hastings .
Where ’ s my son Edmund ?	Where ’ s my son Edmund ?
He ’ s married .	He ’ s married .
I will assume desert : — Give me a key for this , And instantly unlock my fortunes here .	Give me a key for this , And instantly unlock my fortunes here .
A spirit , a spirit .	A ghost , a ghost !
I ' faith , i ' faith , and both in a tune like two gypsies on a horse .	Yes , yes , and let ’ s sing in unison , like two gypsies riding on a single horse .
If in Naples I should report this now , would they believe me ’ If I should say I saw such islanders ?	If I should report this now in Naples , Would they believe me ?
Good your highness , patience .	Be patient , your highness .
I pray thee mark me .	Please , listen to me .
I never did Offend you in my life ; never loved Cassio But with such general warranty of heaven As I might love .	I never Offended you in my life ; never loved Cassio Except with such general lawfulness of heaven As I might love .
Thyself art coming To see performed the dreaded act which thou So sought ’ st to hinder .	You ’ re coming here yourself to see the dreaded act you had tried to stop .
Ay , if Messala will prefer me to you .	Yes , if Messala will recommend me to you .
Ay , too gentle .	Yes , a little too sweet .
Be ’ t so .	So be it .
I must Once in a month recount what thou hast been , Which thou forget 'st .	I must recount What you have been once a month , Which you forget .
And I must be from thence !	And I had to be away !
Do not so .	Don ’ t .
Small joy have I in being England ’ s queen .	I ’ ve had very little joy as England ’ s queen .
Which soon he granted , Being an obstruct ’ tween his lust and him .	Which he quickly allowed , given that you ’ re an obstacle to his lust .
This health to Lepidus !	This toast is for Lepidus !
Are there not stones in heaven But what serve for thunder ?	Are there no stones in heaven To serve as thunder ?
If he ask for me , I am ill and gone to bed .	If he asks to see me , tell him I ’ m sick and went to bed .
I arrest thee of high treason , by the name of Thomas Grey , knight , of Northumberland .	Thomas Grey , knight , of Northumberland , I arrest you for high treason .
Good Cinna , take this paper , And look you lay it in the praetor ’ s chair Where Brutus may but find it .	Good Cinna , take this paper and be sure to lay it in the judge ’ s chair where Brutus sits , so he ’ ll find it .
It is , and wants but nomination .	It is .
I cannot speak of this .	I don ’ t know about that .
Most royal sir , Fleance is ' scaped .	Most royal sir , Fleance escaped .
I can be patient .	I ’ ll wait patiently .
Who , I ?	Who , me ?
My maid Nerissa and myself meantime Will live as maids and widows .	Until you get back , Nerissa and I will live like virgins and widows .
Bear with him , Brutus .	Be patient with him , Brutus .
Well .	All right , we ’ ll have a prologue then .
Even those you were wont to take delight in , the tragedians of the city .	The tragic actors from the city , the ones you used to enjoy so much .
For he loves to hear That unicorns may be betrayed with trees , And bears with glasses , elephants with holes , Lions with toils , and men with flatterers .	He loves to hear me tell him how men can be snared by flatterers , just like unicorns can be captured in trees , elephants in holes , and lions with nets .
Then I know My answer must be made .	What have I said in my grief ?
And bid her come hither .	And request that she come here .
The shallowest thick-skin of that barren sort , Who Pyramus presented , in their sport Forsook his scene and ent 'red in a brake ; When I did him at this advantage take , An ass 's nole I fixed on his head .	The stupidest man of these dim country-folk Who acted Pyramus in their rehearsal , Exited from his scene and entered in a bunch of bushes , When I took advantage of him And I fixed donkey 's head on his head .
I tell you true .	I ’ m telling you the truth .
They call it Agincourt .	Agincourt .
By this hand , I love thee .	I swear by this hand that I love you .
Farewell , thou woeful welcomer of glory .	Goodbye .
Or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?	Or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?
I will be faithful .	I ’ ll read it to you .
The wine she drinks is made of grapes .	She drinks wine just like everyone else .
Put out the light , and then put out the light .	Put out the light of the candle , and then put out the light of her heart .
Lo , here ’ s the chain .	Look , here ’ s the necklace .
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
Are we all met ?	Are we all here ?
Hold off thy hand .	That ’ s no way to pray .
Now does he feel his title Hang loose about him , like a giant 's robe Upon a dwarfish thief .	Now he feels his title Hang loose about him , like a giant 's robe Upon a dwarfish thief .
But , sith I am entered in this cause so far , Pricked to ’ t by foolish honesty and love , I will go on .	But since I ’ ve gotten myself involved this far , because I ’ m so stupidly honest and because I like you so much , I ’ ll keep going .
Alack , my lord , what do you mean by that ?	Oh , my lord , what do you mean by that ?
No more of drowning , do you hear ?	No more about drowning , do you hear ?
Good night , good brother .	Good night , good brother .
I shall offend , either to detain or give it .	Now I ’ ll offend you whether I give it to you or not .
Crystal is muddy .	Damn it !
In private ?	In private ?
home , you idle creatures , get you home .	Go home , you idle creatures , go home !
How quickly the wrong side may be turned outward !	What a wonderful time to be alive !
No , I warrant your Grace you shall not entreat him to a second , that have so mightily persuaded him from a first .	No , I ’ m sure your Grace won ’ t be able to persuade him to try a second round , even though you couldn ’ t dissuade him from trying the first .
Well , I am sorry for your niece .	Well , I ’ m sorry for your niece .
Therefore weep .	So go ahead and cry .
Thy false uncle — Dost thou attend me ?	Your disloyal uncle — are you paying attention ?
I never knew woman love man so .	I never knew a woman who loved a man so much .
Be thou familiar but by no means vulgar .	Be friendly to people but don ’ t overdo it .
Go look after him .	Go take care of him .
That ’ s not so good now .	That ’ s not good .
Stay yet .	Hang on a second .
What do you here alone ?	What are you doing here alone ?
Truly , my name is Cinna .	Truthfully , my name is Cinna .
I thank you , sir .	Thank you , sir .
But though we think it so , it is no matter .	But even if I thought you were right , it doesn ’ t matter .
Myself the man i ' th ' moon do seem to be — This is the greatest error of all the rest .	I myself am playing the man in the moon — Well then , that ’ s the biggest mistake of all .
To me it is a prison .	And to me , Denmark is a prison .
Thou protector of this damnèd strumpet , Talk ’ st thou to me of “ ifs ” ?	You lover of that damned whore , you ’ re talking to me of “ ifs ” ?
Never anger Made good guard for itself .	Anger does not protect the angry well .
That cannot be : His ring I do accept most thankfully , And so , I pray you , tell him : furthermore , I pray you , show my youth old Shylock 's house .	I can ’ t do that : I accept his ring most thankfully ; And please tell him so ; furthermore , Please show my youth to old Shylock 's house .
No more of that .	Let ’ s not talk about it .
Three times today my foot-cloth horse did stumble , And started when he looked upon the Tower , As loath to bear me to the slaughterhouse .	Three times today my horse stumbled and started when he looked in the direction of the Tower , as if he hated to carry me to this slaughterhouse .
O , what a rogue and peasant slave am I !	O , what a idle , wandering , and peasant slave I am !
Then burst his mighty heart , And , in his mantle muffling up his face , Even at the base of Pompey ’ s statue , Which all the while ran blood , great Caesar fell .	And at the base of Pompey ’ s statue , with his cloak covering his face , which was dripping with blood the whole time , great Caesar fell .
Turn , hell hound , turn !	Turn , hell-hound , turn !
He grows worse and worse .	He ’ s getting worse and worse .
It is clean out of the way .	It is clean out of the way .
Say , what ?	Just tell me .
I think of as many matters as he , but I give heaven thanks and make no boast of them .	I think of as many things as he does , but I just thank heaven and don ’ t show off about it .
Go thou .	Go ahead .
But , let me see , by ten We shall have each a hundred Englishmen .	But let me see , by ten we shall each have captured a hundred Englishmen .
Do not lie so near .	Don ’ t sleep so close to me .
We have not spoke us yet of torchbearers .	We haven ’ t even talked about who ’ ll be our torchbearers .
Mark .	Look .
An honest mind and plain , he must speak truth .	He ’ s honest , he ’ s got to speak the truth .
How does my good Lord Hamlet ?	How does my good Lord Hamlet ?
I am in my condition A prince , Miranda — I do think , a king ; I would , not so ! — and would no more endure This wooden slavery than to suffer The flesh-fly blow my mouth .	I ’ m a prince by birth , Miranda — maybe even a king now ; though I wish I weren ’ t — and normally I wouldn ’ t put up with carrying these logs any more than I ’ d let flies breed in my mouth .
I will deserve your pains .	I ’ ll reward you for your troubles .
We shall know by this fellow .	We shall know by this fellow .
And on that vice in him will my revenge find notable cause to work .	That ’ s the weakness I ’ ll use to get revenge on him .
O , she that might have intercepted thee , By strangling thee in her accursèd womb , From all the slaughters , wretch , that thou hast done .	The woman who might have blocked you from all the murders you ’ ve committed by strangling you in her cursed womb .
Then be thou jocund .	Then , you be happy .
To fly the boar before the boar pursues Were to incense the boar to follow us And make pursuit where he did mean no chase .	If we flee from the boar before the boar even pursues us , we ’ ll only make the boar angry and suspicious , causing him to chase us when he never intended to .
How dost thou under- stand the Scripture ?	How do you understand the Scripture ?
Sweet Phoebe , do not scorn me .	Sweet Phoebe , do not scorn me .
If that may be then all is well .	If we can do that , everything will be all right .
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
Other women cloy The appetites they feed , but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies , for vilest things Become themselves in her , that the holy priests Bless her when she is riggish .	Even her worst faults are charming , and holy priests bless her even when she acts the slut .
Alack , where are you ?	O my , where are you ?
Think you I am no stronger than my sex , Being so father 'd and so husbanded ?	Do you think that I ’ m no stronger than my sex , Being so fathered and so married ?
Here , Lord Bassanio ; swear to keep this ring .	Here , Lord Bassanio , swear to keep this ring .
This world is not for aye , nor ' tis not strange That even our loves should with our fortunes change ; For ' tis a question left us yet to prove , Whether love lead fortune , or else fortune love .	This world doesn ’ t say yes , and it ’ s not strange at all That even our loves should change with our fortunes , Because it ’ s a question we have to prove , When love leads fortune , or if fortune leads love .
But how , but how ?	But how ?
And turns the sun to shade .	But you turn that sun into a shadow .
Have you done yet ?	Are you done yet ?
My love doth so approve him , That even his stubbornness , his checks , his frowns — Prithee , unpin me — have grace and favor in them .	My love forgives him so , That even his stubbornness , his checks , his frowns , I beg you , unpin my hair , have grace and favor in them .
What , do you shake at that ?	What , you shake at that ?
A gentle scroll .	A nice message .
Sir , there is especial commission come from Venice to depute Cassio in Othello ’ s place .	Venice has made Cassio governor here on Cyprus .
It likes us well ; And at our more consider 'd time we 'll read , Answer , and think upon this business .	We really like this news , And later when we have more time we 'll read this Request , answer , and think upon this business .
Thanks , Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz .	Thanks , Guildenstern and gentle Rosencrantz .
Twill out , ' twill .	It will be out , it will be out .
Fly , therefore , noble Cassius , fly far off .	Therefore you must run , noble Cassius .
I doubt some danger does approach you nearly .	I know that some danger approaches you nearby .
Little ” again ?	Little ” again ?
Tis called the evil .	It ’ s called the evil .
Who comes here ?	Who ’ s that coming ?
Grumio gave order how it should be done .	Grumio gave the order for how it should be done .
Make me not offended In your distrust .	Don ’ t insult me with your distrust .
Fool !	Fool !
Stanley , what news with you ?	Stanley , what news do you have ?
Tomorrow , as he purposes .	Tomorrow , as he intends .
You call me misbeliever , cutthroat dog , And spet upon my Jewish gaberdine — And all for use of that which is mine own .	And all because I use my own money to make a profit .
Prepare you , generals .	Prepare yourselves , generals .
Look when I vow , I weep ; and vows so born , In their nativity all truth appears .	Look , when I vow , I weep ; and vows that are born in tears Show the whole truth at that moment .
The former Hero !	It ’ s the former Hero !
He did not call , he ’ s busy in the paper .	He didn ’ t say anything , he ’ s reading .
But is he often thus ?	But is he often like this ?
With mine officer !	With my officer !
I see this hath a little dash 'd your spirits .	I see this has dashed your spirits a little .
Bear thee well in it and leave us alone .	Do it well , and then leave us .
He has brave utensils — for so he calls them — Which when he has a house , he ’ ll deck withal .	He has some wonderful home furnishings — that ’ s what he calls them — that he ’ ll use to decorate his house when he gets one .
Therefore give me no counsel .	So don ’ t advise me .
All the world ’ s a stage , And all the men and women merely players .	The whole world is a stage , and all the men and women merely actors .
Let him appear that ’ s come from Antony .	Let the envoy from Antony come in .
I like you lads .	I like you guys .
I can hardly forbear hurling things at him .	I can hardly keep myself from throwing things at him .
Rome , thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods !	Rome has lost the ability to raise noble men !
I can no more .	I can do no more .
Know him ?	Know him ?
Soldier , thou art ; but his whole action grows Not in the power on ’ t .	Soldier , you are .
Come , I will give you way for these your letters , And do 't the speedier that you may direct me To him from whom you brought them .	Then you can direct me To him you delivered them for .
Why , or for what , the nobles were committed Is all unknown to me , my gracious lord .	Why the nobles were imprisoned , and on what charges , I don ’ t know , my gracious lord .
Am not I your Rosalind ?	Aren ’ t I your Rosalind ?
Stand !	Stop !
Good morrow , noble sir .	Good morning , noble sir !
But yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .	And yet I feel it ’ s very hot and humid , which is bad for my complexion .
I durst have denied that before you were so choleric .	Before you got so angry , I never would have thought that .
What , my dear Lady Disdain !	Look , it ’ s my dear Lady Disdain !
By any other house or person ?	A house , a person ?
But we have reason to cool our raging motions , our carnal stings , our unbitted lusts .	Thankfully , we have reason to cool our raging lusts .
Now shall you see the other .	Now I ’ ll tell you the other story about my journey .
They bleed on both sides .	They bleed on both sides .
O Antony , Thou mine of bounty , how wouldst thou have paid My better service , when my turpitude Thou dost so crown with gold !	Oh , Antony , you extravagantly generous man , how would you have rewarded me for serving you faithfully when you reward my badness with all of this gold !
Do you hear , Cassio ?	Have you heard this , Cassio ?
Now , infidel , I have you on the hip .	I ’ ve got you now , pagan .
We are three of them .	We ’ re three of them .
Thou shalt Go back , I warrant thee !	I ’ ll give you a good reason to cringe , I promise you .
If by your art , my dearest father , you have Put the wild waters in this roar , allay them .	Dear father , if you caused this terrible storm with your magic powers , please put an end to it .
For love of God , forbear him !	For love of God , leave him alone !
Plague on ’ t , an I thought he had been valiant and so cunning in fence , I ’ d have seen him damned ere I ’ d have challenged him .	Darn it , if I ’ d guessed he was so brave and such a good swordsman , I never would have challenged him .
O that my prayers could such affection move !	Oh that my prayers could be answered with such affection !
Didst thou not see her paddle with the palm of his hand ?	Didn ’ t you see her play with the palm of his hand ?
tis for the head .	It is for the head .
I would have daffed all other respects and made her half myself .	I would have thrown away all other considerations and made her my wife .
Oh , treason of the blood !	My own flesh and blood rebels against me !
Sink Rome !	Let Rome fall !
Now , for my life , she ’ s wandering to the Tower , On pure heart ’ s love , to greet the tender prince . — Daughter , well met .	Now , on my life , the young child must be headed to the Tower to greet the young princes , whom she adores .
Farewell , sweet masters both .	Farewell to both of you , dear teachers .
So young and so untender ?	So young and so cruel ?
Are his wits safe ?	Is he sane ?
Gentlemen both , we will not wake your patience .	Gentlemen , we won ’ t stay here and anger you further .
You shall do marvellous wisely , good Reynaldo , Before you visit him , to make inquire Of his behaviour .	You would do very well , good Reynaldo , Before you visit him , to ask someone About his behavior .
I ’ ll die for ’ t but some woman had the ring .	I ’ ll bet my life you gave some woman the ring !
Who offered him the crown ?	Who offered him the crown ?
Where ?	Where ?
What , is the fellow mad ?	What , is the man insane ?
Ride you this afternoon ?	Are you going riding you this afternoon ?
Have patience and endure .	Have patience and endure .
I 'll not fight with thee .	I will not fight with you .
I 'll have the work ta 'en out , And give 't Iago .	I 'll have the embroidery taken out , And give it Iago .
For half thy wealth , it is Antonio ’ s .	Half of your wealth goes to Antonio .
I think he be angry indeed .	I think he really is angry .
A spirit I am indeed , But am in that dimension grossly clad Which from the womb I did participate .	I am a spirit , yes , since I have a soul .
He seeks my life .	He wants me dead .
You know not why we came to visit you — Thus out of season , threading dark-eyed night .	You don ’ t know why we came to visit you — Yes , and so unexpectedly , at night .
Consent to pay thee that I never had ? — Arrest me , foolish fellow , if thou dar ’ st .	Pay for something I never got ?
How now , my lord ?	What ’ s this , my lord ?
That ' scuse serves many men to save their gifts .	That ’ s the excuse many men use to save their gifts .
Little ’ again !	Little again !
Caesar speaks .	Caesar speaks .
Hear me for my cause , and be silent , that you may hear .	Listen to my cause , and be silent , so you can hear .
Enter , sir , the castle .	Enter the castle , sir .
Though that his joy be joy , Yet throw such changes of vexation on 't As it may lose some color .	even if his joy is joy , Still throw such aggravation on it That he won ’ t stay happy for long .
Ay .	Yes .
When were you wont to be so full of songs , sirrah ?	When did you become so fond of singing , boy ?
I cannot think you are my son .	I cannot think you are my son .
Wherefore rejoice ?	Why would you celebrate it ?
No , not tonight .	No , not tonight .
Thou hast some suit to Caesar , hast thou not ?	You ’ ve got some petition to Caesar , haven ’ t you ?
Go , get some water And wash this filthy witness from your hand .	Go get some water , And wash this filthy witness from your hands .
But let me hear the letter of your friend .	But let me hear the letter of your friend .
Gainst nature still !	Also against nature .
It shall do well .	It should work .
Alas , I took great pains to study it , and ’ tis poetical .	That ’ s too bad , because I spent a long time memorizing it , and it ’ s poetic .
The tyranny of the open night ’ s too rough For nature to endure .	The night ’ s too rough for humans to bear .
Let me not name it to you , you chaste stars , It is the cause .	I have to do it , I have to do it .
So please you , he is here at the door and importunes access to you .	Yes , sir , he ’ s here at the door right now and asks to see you .
Lo !	Lo !
He shall not live .	He will die .
I grant I am a woman , but withal A woman that Lord Brutus took to wife .	I admit I ’ m only a woman , but nevertheless I ’ m the woman Lord Brutus took for his wife .
Yes , As sparrows eagles , or the hare the lion .	Yes ; As sparrows are by eagles , or the hare is by the lion .
Stand fast , Titinius .	Stay here , Titinius .
Where is that damnèd villain , Tranio , That faced and braved me in this matter so ?	Where is that damned wretch , Tranio , who defied me in such a disgraceful manner ?
Some holy angel Fly to the court of England and unfold His message ere he come , that a swift blessing May soon return to this our suffering country Under a hand accursed !	Some holy angel Fly to the court of England , and unfold His message before he comes so that a swift blessing May soon return to our country that suffers Under a cursed hand !
Let me play the lion too .	Let me play the lion too .
I will not fail you .	Don ’ t worry , I ’ ll be there .
Oh , then belike you fancy riches more .	Oh , I see .
Let me entreat you .	Goodbye to you all .
And Shylock , for his own part , knew the bird was fledged ; and then it is the complexion of them all to leave the dam .	And Shylock , for his own part , knew the bird was ready to fly ; and then it is the nature of them all to leave the nest .
And cries aloud , “ Tarry , my cousin Suffolk .	He cried out , “ Wait for me , dear cousin .
Tis noble spoken .	Spoken like a gentleman .
Let me yet know of you whither you are bound .	At least tell me where you ’ re going .
The point envenomed too ! — Then , venom , to thy work .	Then get to work , poison !
O sir , I do , and will repute you ever The patron of my life and liberty .	Oh sir , I accept .
Or would you have me speak after my custom , as being a professed tyrant to their sex ?	Or do you want me to criticize her like I do all women ?
Who ’ s that which rings the bell ? — Diablo , ho !	Who ’ s sounding that alarm ?
It is your music , madam , of the house .	It is your music , madam , from the house .
Signior , is all your family within ?	Sir , is everyone in your family at home ?
What should I do ?	What should I do ?
Thou art The armorer of my heart .	You armor my heart .
This fortification , gentlemen , shall we see ’ t ?	Shall we go see this fortification , men ?
Repent but you that you shall lose your friend , And he repents not that he pays your debt .	Be sad only at the fact that you ’ ll lose your friend — your friend doesn ’ t regret that he paid your debt .
Hast thou affections ?	Do you have desires ?
What , must I come to you With five and twenty , Regan ?	Why should I now have to make do with only twenty-five ?
Except they meant to bathe in reeking wounds , Or memorize another Golgotha , I cannot tell — But I am faint ; my gashes cry for help .	Whether they meant to bathe in fresh , bleeding wounds , Or create another Crucifixion scene , I cannot tell .
What are they that would speak with me ?	Who wants to speak with me ?
Death makes no conquest of this conqueror , For now he lives in fame , though not in life .	Death didn ’ t conquer
Murder !	Murder !
It is not for your health thus to commit Your weak condition to the raw , cold morning .	It isn ’ t good for your health to expose your weak body to the raw , cold morning .
The sin of my ingratitude even now Was heavy on me .	The sin of my ingratitude even now Was heavy on me .
None , but your beauty .	That ’ s true , it ’ s your beauty ’ s fault .
I stand dishonored , that have gone about To link my dear friend to a common stale .	I ’ ve been dishonored : I arranged for a friend of mine to marry a common whore .
Prithee , peace .	Please , let ’ s not talk about it .
Go , go , good countrymen , and , for this fault , Assemble all the poor men of your sort , Draw them to Tiber banks , and weep your tears Into the channel , till the lowest stream Do kiss the most exalted shores of all .	Go , go , good countrymen , and , for this mistake , Get all the poor men like you together , Bring them to the Tiber River ’ s banks and weep your tears Into the water , until the lowest stream Floods the highest shores of heaven .
O villain , villain !	Oh , what a villain !
The skies are painted with unnumbered sparks .	The sky shows countless stars .
You may have very fit occasion for ’ t .	You might have a great opportunity to give it to him right now .
How now , daughter ?	What ’ s going on , daughter ?
You look as you had something more to say .	You look like you have something more to say .
The general and his wife are talking of it , And she speaks for you stoutly .	The general and his wife are talking about it ; And she strongly speaks up for you .
Then but forbear your food a little while Whiles , like a doe , I go to find my fawn And give it food .	Then please , put off your eating for a little while I , like a mother doe , find my fawn and bring it food .
Which of you trembles not that looks on me ?	Which of you does not tremble when you see me ?
But will my Rosalind do so ?	But will my Rosalind do this , too ?
It is offended .	It is offended .
Clarence still breathes ; Edward still lives and reigns .	Clarence is still alive ; Edward is not only alive , he ’ s king .
Thanks to your majesty .	Thanks to your majesty .
My fate cries out , And makes each petty artery in this body As hardy as the Nemean lion 's nerve .	My fate cries out , And makes each and every vein in this body As hardy as the nerve of the lion killed by Hercules .
Wash your hands , put on your nightgown ; look not so pale .	Wash your hands , put on your nightgown ; look not so pale .
Whither wilt thou lead me ?	Where will you lead me ?
This wretch hath part confessed his villainy .	This poor guy ’ s partly confessed his plan .
List 'ning their fear I could not say “ Amen , ” When they did say “ God bless us ! ” Consider it not so deeply .	Listening to their frightened voices , I couldn ’ t reply “ Amen ” when they said “ God bless us ! ” Don ’ t think about it so much .
So awake when I am gone ; For I must now to Oberon .	So awake when I am gone ; For I must go now to Oberon .
How idly do they talk !	The poor souls — how strangely they talk !
Amen , amen to that fair prayer , say I.	Amen to that .
Hath she forsook so many noble matches , Her father and her country , and her friends , To be called “ whore ” ?	Did she give up all those chances to marry noblemen , give up her father and country and friends , just to be called a whore ?
But truly , for mine own part , if I were as tedious as a king , I could find it in my heart to bestow it all of your worship .	But truly , if I were as
Who saw Cesario , ho ?	Has anyone seen Cesario ?
Here comes another of the tribe .	Here comes another Jew .
Tis the curse of service .	That ’ s the curse of military service .
Let me see his face .	Let me see his face .
Lead him to my bower .	Take him to my sleeping area .
In my stars I am above thee , but be not afraid of greatness .	By my birth I rank above you , but don ’ t be afraid of my greatness .
I must go seek some dewdrops here And hang a pearl in every cowslip ’ s ear .	Now I have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower .
Hark thee , Dardanius .	Listen , Dardanius .
I do but stay till your marriage be consummate , and then go I toward Aragon .	I ’ ll stay in Messina until you ’ re married , and then I ’ ll go to Aragon .
O my fair warrior !	O my beautiful warrior !
Well , the beginning that is dead and buried .	Well , we ’ ve missed the beginning ; it ’ s dead and buried .
That will I make before I let thee go .	Or at least that ’ s what I plan to do before I let you go .
Why ?	Who do you think ?
Let that suffice you .	Let that be enough for you .
I shall return before your Lordship thence .	I ’ ll be off before you are .
Charmian , hark .	Do you hear that , Charmian ?
Why then , we are awake .	Well , then , we ’ re awake .
Come , sister . — Shepherdess , look on him better , And be not proud .	And don ’ t be proud .
Didst thou give all to thy two daughters , and art thou come to this ?	Did you give everything to your two daughters and end up like this ?
Is ’ t not your trick ?	Isn ’ t that your habit ?
Thou dost not wish more help from England , coz ?	You don ’ t wish we had more help from England anymore , cousin ?
Let us go , For it is after midnight , and ere day We will awake him and be sure of him .	Let ’ s go , because it ’ s already after midnight , and we want him on our side before daylight .
Say , uncle Gloucester , if our brother come , Where shall we sojourn till our coronation ?	Say , uncle Richard , if my brother comes , where will I stay till my coronation ?
I must needs tell thee all .	I have to tell you everything .
Mistake me not .	Don ’ t misunderstand me , sir .
I serve the king , On whose employment I was sent to you .	I serve the king , who sent me here .
I pray you , what thinks he of our estate ?	Tell me , what does he think of our situation ?
I will bandy with thee in faction .	I ’ ll bandy you about and overwhelm you with my cleverness .
Put color in thy cheek .	Call up your courage .
A damnèd death !	I ’ m glad to hear it .
I would sing my song without a burden .	I ’ d like to sing my song solo .
Where is my love ?	Where is my lovely bride ?
Very good orators , when they are out , they will spit ; and for lovers lacking — God warn us — matter , the cleanliest shift is to kiss .	When good orators finish talking , they spit ; when lovers do ( God help us if they ever do ) , they kiss .
The children thus disposed , my wife and I , Fixing our eyes on whom our care was fixed , Fastened ourselves at either end the mast And , floating straight , obedient to the stream , Was carried towards Corinth , as we thought .	It carried us toward Corinth – or so we thought .
But that I do not .	No , that I don ’ t remember .
Catesby , fly to the duke .	Catesby , fly to the duke .
Disorder , that hath spoiled us , friend us now .	Maybe we can benefit from the same chaos that has defeated us .
I will not charm my tongue ; I am bound to speak .	I will not control my tongue ; I have to speak .
Had I as many sons as I have hairs , I would not wish them to a fairer death .	If I had as many sons as I have hairs on my head , I couldn ’ t hope that any of them would die more honorably than he did .
Buzz , buzz !	Buzz , buzz !
It is even so .	That ’ s the truth .
Nay , that ’ s certain .	That ’ s for sure .
You mar all with this starting .	You mar all with this starting .
How much more elder art thou than thy looks !	Oh , wise and upright judge , How much more older are you than your looks !
And when she put it on , she made me vow That I should neither sell nor give nor lose it .	When she put it on my finger , she made me swear never to sell it , give it away , or lose it .
Were it good , think you ?	Is that a good idea , do you think ?
How is ’ t , Laertes ?	How do you feel , Laertes ?
Follow me and receive ’ t .	Come with me and I ’ ll get it for you .
Shall we sound him ?	Should we see what he thinks ?
How now , my noble friend ?	How are you , my friend ?
Prithee , say on .	Please , tell me more .
Sans fable , she herself reviled you there .	No lie — she screamed at you .
Approach , ye Furies fell .	Approach , you vicious fates !
He hath rid his prologue like a rough colt ; he knows not the stop .	He has ridden his prologue like a rough colt .
Goes the King hence today ?	Does the king leave here today ?
Captain of our fairy band , Helena is here at hand , And the youth , mistook by me Pleading for a lover 's fee ; Shall we their fond pageant see ?	Captain of our fairy band , Helena is here at hand , And the youth mistaken by me Pleading for her love ; Shall we watch what they ’ re doing ?
O murderous coxcomb !	O murderous simpleton !
Then senseless Ilium , Seeming to feel this blow , with flaming top Stoops to his base , and with a hideous crash Takes prisoner Pyrrhus ' ear .	Then senseless Priam , Seeming to feel this blow , flaming at his top Stoops to his base , and , with a hideous crash , Cuts off prisoner Pyrrhus ' ear .
Not from his mouth , Had it the ability of life to thank you .	No thanks from his mouth , If it were alive to thank you .
The great contention of the sea and skies Parted our fellowship — But , hark !	The great fight of the sea and skies Separated our fellowship .
The cockerel .	I pick the younger one .
If so , then be not tongue-tied .	If that ’ s true , then don ’ t be tongue-tied .
All that I will tell you is , that the Duke hath dined .	All that I will tell you is , that the duke has dined .
A very mean meaning .	A very nasty meaning .
Assume a virtue if you have it not .	I have to go to England , don ’ t you know that ?
Let him come when he will , I will deny thee nothing .	I won ’ t refuse you anything .
Him and his worth and our great need of him You have right well conceited .	You ’ ve judge his worth , and our great need of him , Very well .
How like you the young German , the Duke of Saxony 's nephew ?	How do you like the young German , the Duke of Saxony 's nephew ?
She had a song of “ Willow , ” An old thing ’ twas , but it expressed her fortune And she died singing it .	She knew an old song called “ Willow ” that reminded her of her own story , and she died singing it .
Madam !	Madam !
That did I , my lord , and was accounted a good actor .	Indeed I did , my lord .
Follow my mother .	Follow my mother .
Well , I ’ ll go hide the body in some hole Till that the duke give order for his burial .	Well , I ’ ll go hide the body in some hole until the duke gives orders for his burial .
Most heathenish and most gross !	Ungodly and monstrous !
When this burns , ' Twill weep for having wearied you .	When this wood burns , it ’ ll weep for making you tired .
Thou didst usurp my place , and dost thou not Usurp the just proportion of my sorrow ?	You once stole my position ; now you get to have the grief that goes with it .
Out , I say !	Out , I say !
What do you mean ?	What do you mean by all this ?
At supper .	At supper .
I have no words .	I have nothing to say to you .
Is he not jealous ?	He ’ s not jealous ?
I will leave you now to your gossip-like humor .	I ’ ll leave you now to chatter and gossip like an old woman .
But soft , I pray you .	But wait a minute , please .
And friends with Caesar .	And he ’ s friendly with Caesar .
Out , tawny Tartar , out !	Get out , tawny barbarian , out !
I scorn you not .	I ’ m not insulting you .
So haply slander Whose whisper o 'er the world 's diameter , As level as the cannon to his blank , Transports his poisoned shot , may miss our name And hit the woundless air . — O , come away !	so maybe slander , whose whisper covers the entire world As surely as the cannon hits its target and Delivers his poisoned shot , may miss our name , And not amount to anything at all .
It is impossible you should see this , Were they as prime as goats , as hot as monkeys , As salt as wolves in pride , and fools as gross As ignorance made drunk .	It ’ d be impossible for you to watch them , even if they were as horny as animals in heat and as stupid as drunks .
Her eyes are fierce , but thine Do comfort and not burn .	Her eyes are vicious , but yours are comforting .
Who would not have his wife so ?	Doesn ’ t everyone want a wife like that ?
He wonders to what end you have assembled Such troops of citizens to come to him , His grace not being warned thereof before .	My lord , he wonders why you have assembled such troops of citizens to speak with him , since he had no idea they were coming .
Why is your cheek so pale ?	Why do you look so pale ?
The king doth love you well .	The king loves you very much .
I did very well note him .	I watched him very closely .
Lucentio is your name .	Your name is Lucentio , you say .
Orsino , noble sir , Be pleased that I shake off these names you give me .	Orsino , sir , please don ’ t call me those names .
Good master , take it not unkindly , pray , That I have been thus pleasant with you both .	I hope , sir , that you ’ re not angry that I ’ ve been equally attentive to you both !
Since the torch is out , Lie down and stray no farther .	Since the light of my life has gone out , I ’ ll stop here .
This is the woman , but not this the man .	This is the woman , but not this the man .
Doth it therefore ensue that you should love his son dearly ?	Does that necessarily mean you should love his son ?
I drink the air before me , and return Or ere your pulse twice beat .	I drink in the air before me , and return Before your pulse beats twice .
An apple , cleft in two , is not more twin Than these two creatures .	These two people are as identical as two halves of an apple .
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece .	Confusion has now made his masterpiece !
Perchance ?	Maybe ?
What a brazen-faced varlet art thou to deny thou knowest me !	What a shameless jerk you are to pretend you don ’ t know me !
The Moor ’ s abused by some most villainous knave , Some base notorious knave , some scurvy fellow .	The Moor is being tricked by some crook , some terrible villain , some rotten bastard .
O most unhappy strumpet !	What a horrible slut !
Yet here 's a spot .	Still here 's a spot .
Such was the very armour he had on When he the ambitious Norway combated .	The king was wearing exactly this armor when he fought the king of Norway .
Look to 't , I charge you .	Do as I say , I order you .
Whither , my lord ? — Cesario , husband , stay .	Go where , my lord ? — Cesario , my husband , stay here .
Widow Dido ” said you ?	Next thing you know , he ’ ll be saying “ widower Aeneas . ” “ Widow Dido , ” did you say ?
Fair Katherine , and most fair , Will you vouchsafe to teach a soldier terms Such as will enter at a lady ’ s ear And plead his love suit to her gentle heart ?	Lovely , most lovely Katherine , will you agree to teach a soldier the words that would recommend his love-suit to a gentle heart like yours ?
I have done no more to Caesar than you shall do to Brutus .	I ’ ve done no more to Caesar than you will do to me .
There ’ s a strong fellow , Menas .	There goes a strong fellow , Menas .
She hath the stones upon her , and the ducats . ” Why , all the boys in Venice follow him , Crying , “ His stones , his daughter , and his ducats ! ”	She has the stones on her , and the ducats . ” I know , all the boys in Venice are following him , yelling , “ His stones , his daughter , and his ducats ! ”
It cannot be but thou hast murdered him .	The only possibility is that you ’ ve murdered him .
He is at hand , and Pindarus is come To do you salutation from his master .	He ’ s nearby , and Pindarus has come to salute you on behalf of his master .
I cry your worships mercy , heartily ; I beseech your worship 's name .	I beg your honors ’ mercy , heartily . — What is your name ?
No more but e ’ en a woman , and commanded By such poor passion as the maid that milks And does the meanest chares .	Now I am no more than a woman , ruled by the same lowly passion as the maid who milks and does the humblest chores .
The rest march on with me .	Everyone else , march on with me .
Is ’ t not Hortensio ?	It ’ s Hortensio , isn ’ t it ?
Peace , I say !	Quiet , I say .
And if it stand , as you yourself still do , Within the eye of honor , be assured My purse , my person , my extremest means Lie all unlocked to your occasions .	As long as it ’ s honorable , you can be sure that I ’ ll let you use all my money and do everything I can to help you .
Nor I , assure thee , Regan . — Edmund , I hear that you have shown your father A childlike office .	And I won ’ t be there either . — Edmund , I ’ m told you ’ ve acted like a true son to your father .
Cobweb .	Cobweb .
Was ’ t you that did so oft contrive to kill him ?	Was it you that was always plotting to kill him ?
When , without stratagem , But in plain shock and even play of battle , Was ever known so great and little loss On one part and on th ' other ?	When was there ever before so great a loss on one side and so little on the other , in the ordinary and equal clash of battle ?
Go , fetch me something : I ’ ll break ope the gate .	Go get me something I can use to break down the door .
I have not art to reckon my groans , but that I love thee best , oh , most best , believe it .	I can ’ t put my feelings into verse , but please believe I love you best , oh , best of all .
Say that thou overheardst us , And bid her steal into the pleachèd bower Where honeysuckles ripened by the sun Forbid the sun to enter , like favorites Made proud by princes , that advance their pride Against that power that bred it .	Tell her you heard us , and that she should sneak into the arbor where the crisscrossing branches overhead keep the honeysuckles out of the sun .
Welcome to Rome .	Welcome to Rome .
Farewell .	Farewell .
Where it seems best unto your royal self .	Whatever seems best to you .
Well said , old mole !	Well said , old mole !
O , reform it altogether !	Oh , correct it completely .
By th ' mass , and ’ tis like a camel indeed .	By God , it does look like a camel .
Are you now going to dispatch this thing ?	Are you going to take care of this thing now ?
Yea , sir , we hope .	Yes , sir , we hope so .
Sblood , do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe ?	Do you think it is easier to play me than a pipe ?
My spirits are nimble .	I ’ m wide awake .
And when I told thee he was of my counsel Of my whole course of wooing , thou cried ’ st “ Indeed ? ” And didst contract and purse thy brow together As if thou then hadst shut up in thy brain Some horrible conceit .	And when I told you he was involved the whole time I was trying to get Desdemona , you were like , “ Oh , really ? ” And then you frowned and wrinkled up your forehead as if you were imagining something horrible .
Caesar , thy thoughts Touch their effects in this .	Caesar , you thought this would happen .
Friends to this ground .	Your friends .
Pray God , I say , I prove a needless coward !	I hope to God I ’ m proven wrong !
A shall recover his wits there ; or , if a do not , ' tis no great matter there .	He shall get his mind back there , or , if he doesn ’ t , it 's no great problem there .
Hath he provided this music ?	Has he taken care of the music ?
And I for Rosalind .	And like I am for Rosalind .
Push home .	Do your best .
Flute , the bellows-mender !	Flute , the bellows-mender !
There ’ s not a one of them but in his house I keep a servant fee ’ d .	In every one of the lords ' households I have a servant paid to spy for me .
A pox of drowning thyself !	And to hell with drowning yourself !
A likely piece of work that you should find it in your chamber and not know who left it there !	A likely piece of work that you should find it in your bedroom and not know who left it there !
I never shall endure her .	I can ’ t stand her .
When truth kills truth , O devilish-holy fray !	When truth kills truth , oh devilish-holy fight !
What a piece of work is a man !	What a piece of work is man !
God made him , and therefore let him pass for a man .	God made him , and so let him pass for a man .
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round .	He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning .
We 'll have a speech straight .	We 'll have a speech right now .
Do you think I meant country matters ?	Do you think I meant sexual matters ?
For I have seen more years , I ’ m sure , than ye .	Listen to me , because I ’ m older than you , surely .
You have made me offer Of Sicily , Sardinia .	You have offered me the lands of Sicily and Sardinia .
Done to death by slanderous tongues Was the Hero that here lies .	Here lies Hero , The heroic maiden killed by slanderous words .
Never at quiet !	Never quiet !
He himself Calls her a nonpareil .	He says she has no equal .
Of fighting men they have full threescore thousand .	They have fully sixty thousand fighting men .
By Cheshu , he is an ass , as in the world .	Jesus , he ’ s an ass if there ever was one !
That it should come to this !	That it should come to this !
I do , and surely It is a sleepy language , and thou speak ’ st Out of thy sleep .	I do , and it sounds like you ’ re talking in your sleep .
Now am I dead .	Okay , now I ’ m dead .
What , are you answer 'd yet ?	What , aren ’ t you answered yet ?
How dost thou , Benedick , the married man ?	How does it feel to be Benedick the Married Man ?
If you dare fight today , come to the field ; If not , when you have stomachs .	If you dare to fight today , come to the field ; If not , come when you ’ ve got stomachs .
Do not you wear your dagger in your cap that day , lest he knock that about yours .	You ’ d better not wear your dagger in your cap that day , or he might slap your head with it .
Thou art a cobbler , art thou ?	You ’ re a cobbler , are you ?
I did send , After the last enchantment you did here , A ring in chase of you .	After you cast your magic spell on me last time , I sent you a ring .
My friend , thy husband , honest , honest Iago .	My friend , your husband , the honest , honest Iago .
Where , where , Messala , doth his body lie ?	Where , where , Messala , does his body lie ?
Prison , my lord ?	Prison , my lord ?
First , good Peter Quince , say what the play treats on , then read the names of the actors , and so grow to a point .	First , Peter Quince , tell us what the play is about , then read the names of the actors , and then shut up .
Nothing that can be can come between me and the full prospect of my hopes .	Nothing can come between me and the fulfillment of all my hopes .
Hence !	Let go of me !
Now is the day we long have lookèd for .	We ’ ve been waiting a long time for this day .
I will be free from thee .	I ’ ll get free of you .
Ha , Portia ?	Portia !
Be not afraid , though you do see me weapon 'd ; Here is my journey 's end , here is my butt And very seamark of my utmost sail .	Don ’ t be afraid although you see me armed , Here is my journey 's end , here is my bottom And very sea-mark of my last ship .
Good meat , sir , is common ; that every churl affords .	Good food ’ s not a big deal — everyone can afford that .
So let it be with Caesar .	It might as well be the same with Caesar .
From Athens is her house remote seven leagues , And she respects me as her only son .	She lives about twenty miles from Athens , and she thinks of me as a son .
tis in my memory lock 'd , And you yourself shall keep the key of it .	It is locked in my memory , And you yourself shall keep the key of it .
Then leave him out .	Then leave him out .
I do consent — Prick him down , Antony .	I do consent , — Mark him down , Antony .
How now ?	So what ’ s going on ?
Is the single man therefore blessed ?	Is the single man lucky , then ?
But seven years since , in Syracusa , boy , Thou know ’ st we parted .	You know that we parted only seven years ago , in Syracuse .
No .	No .
In thunder , lightning , or in rain ?	Will it be in thunder , lightning , or rain ?
Come , shall we fall to work ?	Shall we get to work ?
Seek it out .	Find out who did it !
Rebellion 's head , rise never , till the Wood Of Birnam rise , and our high-placed Macbeth Shall live the lease of nature , pay his breath To time and mortal custom .	Rebellion 's head will never rise until the wood Of Birnam rise , and our high-placed Macbeth Shall live until his dying day , the death of His own time and mortal custom .
When came this to you ?	How did you get this letter ?
I say to you this house is dark .	I ’ m telling you , this house is dark .
No , Caesar hath it not .	No , Caesar doesn ’ t have epilepsy .
Sit down and feed , and welcome to our table .	Sit down and eat , and welcome to our table .
Be thou assured , good Cassio , I will do All my abilities in thy behalf .	I ’ ll do everything I can for you , Cassio .
Tomorrow I intend to hunt again .	I ’ ll go hunting again tomorrow , I think .
Let him go , And presently prefer his suit to Caesar .	Let him come , And now tell Caesar what it is that he wants .
Good then , Casca .	Good then , Casca .
He says his name ’ s Poor Tom .	He says his name ’ s Poor Tom .
Tyrant , show thy face !	Tyrant , show your face !
Are you answered ?	So , to answer your question .
Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to their queen .	Tunis was never graced before with anything equal to their queen .
The king is not to answer it .	The king is not responsible for it .
Pray you , tread softly , that the blind mole may not hear a foot fall .	Please walk softly , so not even a mole hears us approach .
If thou hast any sound or use of voice , Speak to me .	If you have a voice or can make sounds , speak to me .
with whom ?	With whom ?
These fifteen years you have been in a dream Or , when you waked , so waked as if you slept .	These past fifteen years you have been living in a dream , and even when you were awake , it was as though you slept .
So can I.	So can I.
Speak , strike , redress ! ” Am I entreated To speak and strike ?	Am I begged , then , To speak and strike ?
I have no food for thee .	I ’ ve got no food to give you .
I ’ ll confine myself no finer than I am .	Keep myself ?
Write down Prince John a villain .	Write down that Prince John is a villain .
Hereafter , in a better world than this , I shall desire more love and knowledge of you .	Later , in a better world than this , I ’ d love to get to know you .
Music , moody food Of us that trade in love .	Music feeds the melancholy moods of us lovers .
There ’ s a division betwixt the dukes .	There ’ s a feud between the two dukes .
Slave !	Caliban !
Will you know them then ?	Will you know them then ?
No more words .	No more words .
By the fire That quickens Nilus ’ slime , I go from hence Thy soldier , servant , making peace or war As thou affects .	I swear by the sun that when I leave here , it will be as your faithful servant .
Tide life , tide death , I come without delay .	Neither death nor life will stop me from coming .
Like to the time o ’ th ’ year between the extremes Of hot and cold , he was nor sad nor merry .	He was like that time of year halfway between the extremes of hot and cold : he was neither sad nor happy .
Fare thee well .	Goodbye .
But I have none .	But I have none .
Hie you to horse .	Hurry up and get to your horse .
I shall answer for her .	I represent her .
Yet , when we can entreat an hour to serve , We would spend it in some words upon that business , If you would grant the time .	But when we have an hour to spare we can talk more about it , if you ’ re willing .
I will be assured I may ; and that I may be assured , I will bethink me .	I ’ ll be assured that I may ; and , that I may be assured , I will think it over .
Where lodges he ?	Where does he sleep ?
Alas , why would you heap this care on me ?	Alas , why would you heap all these responsibilities on me ?
A single thing , as I am now , that wonders To hear thee speak of Naples .	An alone thing , as I am now , that is amazed To hear you speak of Naples .
If she be in her chamber or your house , Let loose on me the justice of the state For thus deluding you .	If she is , you can sue me for lying to you .
If you will not , come when you are next prepared for .	If you don ’ t want to , then good riddance .
That is the voice , Or I am much deceiv 'd , of Portia .	That is the voice , Or I am much mistaken , of Portia .
Lights , lights , lights !	Lights , lights , lights !
I pray you , sirs , lie in my tent and sleep ; It may be I shall raise you by and by On business to my brother Cassius .	Please , sirs , lie in my tent and sleep ; I might wake you up in a little while About business to my brother Cassius .
That skull had a tongue in it , and could sing once .	That skull had a tongue in it , and could sing once .
There came divers of Antonio 's creditors in my company to Venice , that swear he cannot choose but break .	Many of Antonio 's creditors came with me to Venice , swearing he can only go broke .
Had I three ears , I 'd hear thee .	If I had three ears , I 'd still hear you .
I had as lief have my mistress a jade .	I ’ d prefer to keep my mistress rather than some lame horse .
Not since widow Dido 's time .	Not since widow Dido 's time .
Friend , look to 't .	Friend , look to it .
My lord , most humbly on my knee I beg The leading of the vaward .	My lord , most humbly on bended knee I beg you to grant me the leading of the vanguard .
What , must I hold a candle to my shames ?	What , I have to hold a candle up so people can see what I ’ m doing ?
Royal Egypt , Empress !	Royal Egypt , Empress !
That ’ s a question .	That ’ s a good point .
Ah , soldier !	Ah , soldier !
The terms of our estate may not endure Hazard so near us as doth hourly grow Out of his brows .	The terms of our estate may not endure With danger so near to us as his craziness seems To get worse by the hour .
Give me your hand first .	Give me your hand first .
tis now struck twelve .	It ’ s just midnight .
Why , would not you ?	Why , wouldn ’ t you ?
A dollar .	What a pain .
If he could right himself with quarreling , Some of us would lie low .	If it ’ s fighting he is after , some of us here should run and hide .
Shall we not , Sir Andrew ?	Won ’ t we , Sir Andrew ?
There if I grow , The harvest is your own .	If I grow here in your favor , The harvest is yours .
your name , I pray you , friend ?	Your name , please , friend ?
Thou shalt be pinched As thick as honeycomb , each pinch more stinging Than bees that made ' em .	You ’ ll be pricked all over , and it ’ ll sting like bees .
My husband !	My husband ?
Now let it work .	Now let it work . — Mischief , you ’ re working !
I would have had thee there and here again Ere I can tell thee what thou shouldst do there .	I want you there and back again before I can even tell you what you should do there .
But did you not request to have it cut ?	But didn ’ t you expect us to cut the cloth ?
Is this a dagger which I see before me , The handle toward my hand ?	Is this a dagger I see in front of me , with its handle pointing toward my hand ?
Good night , good night .	Good night , good night .
Oh , when she had writ it and was reading it over , she found “ Benedick ” and “ Beatrice ” between the sheet ?	Oh , you mean when Beatrice writes a letter and Hero sees that it has “ Benedick ” and “ Beatrice ” written all over it ?
Let ’ s see .	Let ’ s see .
Your son shall have my daughter with consent .	Your son will have my consent to marry my daughter .
Very well , my lord .	Yes , my lord , quite well .
Can you inquire him out and be edified by report ?	Can you ask about him and be satisfied by the reports ?
Do not for one repulse forgo the purpose That you resolved t 'effect .	Don ’ t , for one denial , lose the action That you swore to do .
Cross him in nothing .	Never contradict him .
Dost grant me , hedgehog ?	You ’ ll grant me , you hedgehog ?
Your mistress bears well .	Your mistress is a good mount .
Give him the cup .	Give him the cup .
The food that to him now is as luscious as locusts shall be to him shortly as bitter as coloquintida .	What seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter .
Ay , good my lord .	Yes , good my lord .
Thy grace shall have it .	Your Grace shall have it .
Where is my lady ?	Where is my lady ?
But indeed an old religious uncle of mine taught me to speak , who was in his youth an inland man , one that knew courtship too well , for there he fell in love .	Actually , an old religious uncle of mine taught me how to speak , and he was brought up in the city .
Bless you , fair dame !	Bless you , fair lady !
Do not you meddle .	Don ’ t bother with it .
Do this expediently , and turn him going .	Do this immediately , and send him packing .
Signior , is all your family within ?	Signior , is your family all inside ?
Marvelous sweet music !	What marvelous music !
Roderigo killed ?	Roderigo ’ s been killed ?
I have some business .	I ’ ve got some business to take care of .
Now to you .	Now this is where you come in .
O spite of spites !	Oh , spite of spites !
your gambols ?	Your games ?
O treason of the blood !	O treason of the blood !
Nay , we must think men are not gods , Nor of them look for such observances As fit the bridal .	We shouldn ’ t expect men to be perfect , or for them to be as polite as on the weddingday .
They vanished strangely .	They vanished strangely .
Alas , why gnaw you so your nether lip ?	Alas , why do you chew your nether lip so ?
Masters , never speak , we charge you , let us obey you go with us .	We ’ re probably a very valuable catch for these guys .
I ' faith , sir , you shall never need to fear .	Don ’ t worry , I couldn ’ t care less .
A sibyl , that had numbered in the world The sun to course two hundred compasses , In her prophetic fury sewed the work .	A two-hundred-year-old witch sewed it while she was in a fevered trance .
Goes it against the main of Poland , sir , Or for some frontier ?	Does it go against the main part of Poland , sir , Or for some frontier ?
I would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .	I wouldn ’ t want a heart like hers even if you made me queen .
And be a happy mother by the deed .	And be a happy mother by doing so .
It must needs be of subtle , tender , and delicate temperance .	It has to be of mild , tender , and delicate climate .
Trip , Audrey , trip , Audrey . — I attend , I attend .	Hurry up , Audrey , hurry . — I ’ m coming , I ’ m coming .
I would I knew thy heart .	I wish I knew what was in your heart .
He can report , As seemeth by his plight , of the revolt The newest state .	Judging from his appearance , I bet he can tell us the latest news about the revolt .
Help , help , O , help !	Help , help , oh , help !
That is the voice , Or I am much deceived , of Portia .	If I ’ m not mistaken , that ’ s Portia ’ s voice .
Speak you so gently ?	Do you really speak like such a gentleman ?
I will be proud , I will read politic authors , I will baffle Sir Toby , I will wash off gross acquaintance , I will be point- devise the very man .	I ’ ll be vain and proud , I ’ ll read up on politics , I ’ ll insult Sir Toby , I ’ ll get rid of my lower-class friends , and I ’ ll be the perfect man for her .
This grave shall have a living monument .	This grave shall have a living monument .
breaks my pate across ?	Breaks my head across ?
There lies your love .	Your “ love ” is lying there .
Thy slander hath gone through and through her heart , And she lies buried with her ancestors , Oh , in a tomb where never scandal slept Save this of hers , framed by thy villainy .	Your slander has broken her heart , and now she lies buried with her ancestors in a tomb — ancestors who had never been tainted by scandal until you caused one with your wickedness .
Hear me , my lord .	Hear me out , my lord .
Valiant Othello , we must straight employ you Against the general enemy Ottoman .	Valiant Othello , we must straight send you Against the general enemy Ottoman .
I have seen the day That with this little arm and this good sword I have made my way through more impediments Than twenty times your stop .	I have seen the day That I have made my way through more impediments With this little arm and this good sword Than you could stop twenty times .
Now the fleeting moon No planet is of mine .	Now the inconstant moon has nothing to do with me .
I prithee , call him back .	Please call him and tell him to come back here .
Can I bear that with patience , And not my husband ’ s secrets ?	If I can bear that pain , then I can bear my husband ’ s secrets .
Thou 'lt be afraid to hear it .	You ’ ll be afraid to hear it .
I could say she were worse .	She is worse than wicked .
Such a one is a natural philosopher .	You ’ re a natural-born philosopher !
Ram thou thy fruitful tidings in mine ears , That long time have been barren .	Cram your good news into my ears .
To Adriana .	To Adriana ?
Now much beshrew my manners and my pride , If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied !	Now curse my manners and my pride If Hermia meant to say Lysander lied !
It was the owl that shriek 'd , the fatal bellman , Which gives the stern 'st good-night .	It was the owl that shrieked , the fatal bellman , That gives even the worst dispositions a good night .
That 's villainous and shows a most pitiful ambition in the fool that uses it .	That 's horrible and shows very bad manners in the fool that uses it .
Let ’ s carve him as a dish fit for the gods , Not hew him as a carcass fit for hounds .	Let ’ s carve him up like a dish fit for the gods , not chop him up like a carcass fit for dogs .
How is ’ t with you , my most fair Bianca ?	How are you , my pretty Bianca ?
I am sorry to give breathing to my purpose — Help me away , dear Charmian !	I ’ m sorry to have to say this — Help me away from here , dear Charmian !
Thou art a scholar ; speak to it , Horatio .	You ’ re a scholar , speak to it , Horatio .
Men should be what they seem , Or those that be not , would they might seem none !	If they ’ re not honest , they shouldn ’ t look like they are !
How now , my lord !	How now , my lord !
Mass , and my elbow itched , I thought there would a scab follow .	Come to think of it , I thought I felt a scab there .
Why , ’ tis a cockle or a walnut shell , A knack , a toy , a trick , a baby ’ s cap .	It ’ s like a cockleshell or a walnut shell , a joke , a prank , a doll ’ s cap .
Brutus , my lord .	Brutus , my lord .
Oh , let the heavens Give him defense against the elements , For I have lost him on a dangerous sea .	I hope heaven protects him from the weather , because I lost sight of him on the stormy sea .
Why , why is this ?	Why , why is this ?
Two of my brother ’ s men bound !	Two of my brother ’ s men , all tied up !
I am not furnished with the present money .	I don ’ t have the cash right now .
God forgive us our sins !	Forgive us our sins !
Besides , I like you not .	Besides , I don ’ t like you .
To relate the manner Were , on the quarry of these murder 'd deer , To add the death of you .	To relate the details Would be , on the numbers of these murdered deer , To add to your own death .
Fury , Fury !	Fury , Fury !
Nay , but who is it ?	No , who are you talking about ?
I ’ ll none now .	I don ’ t want to play now .
Well then , it now appears you need my help .	And now it looks like you need my help .
If that be all , masters , I hear no harm .	If that ’ s all , gentlemen , I see no problem .
You speak all your part at once , cues , and all .	You speak your whole part all at once , cues , and all . — Pyramus enter .
Therefore , I beseech your Highness pardon me .	Therefore , I beg your Highness , pardon me .
How poor are they that have not patience !	You ’ re a poor man if you ’ re this impatient !
Well , then , that ’ s the humor of ’ t .	Well , then , that ’ s how it is .
These letters give , Iago , to the pilot , And by him do my duties to the senate .	Iago , give these letters to the ship ’ s captain who brought me here , and ask him to pay my respects to the Senate of Venice .
We learn no other but the confident tyrant Keeps still in Dunsinane and will endure Our setting down before ’ t .	We shouldn ’ t make any judgments until we achieve our goal .
I am your spaniel .	I ’ m your little dog , Demetrius .
I durst , my lord , to wager she is honest , Lay down my soul at stake .	I ’ d swear to you on my soul that she ’ s a good , honest person , sir .
Dishonor not your mothers .	Don ’ t dishonor your mothers !
Whither away ?	Where are you going ?
Many hot inroads They make in Italy — the borders maritime Lack blood to think on ’ t — and flush youth revolt .	They ’ ve made many raids upon Italy — and the naval patrols go pale at even the thought of resisting them .
Away , make haste .	Go , hurry .
Tell us where ’ tis , that we may take it thence And bear it to the chapel .	Where is Polonius ?
No , Iago , I 'll see before I doubt ; when I doubt , prove ; And on the proof , there is no more but this , Away at once with love or jealousy !	No , Iago , I 'll see before I doubt ; when I doubt , I ’ ll need proof ; And on the proof , there is no more but this , To hell with love or jealousy at once !
And , Kate , when France is mine and I am yours , then yours is France and you are mine .	And , Kate , when France is mine and I am yours , then France is yours and you are mine .
Best you safed the bringer Out of the host .	You ’ d better bring the messenger safely through the lines so he can return .
Tis neither here nor there .	it is neither here nor there .
Therefore let ’ s follow .	Come on , shovel .
I would not hear your enemy say so , Nor shall you do my ear that violence To make it truster of your own report Against yourself .	I wouldn ’ t even hear your enemy say so , And you shall not violently throw those words to my ear , To make my ear the keeper of your own report Against yourself .
My spirits , as in a dream , are all bound up .	My strength is all gone , as if in a dream .
My Lord Bassanio , let him have the ring .	Bassanio , let him have the ring .
Now tell me how long you would have her after you have possessed her .	Now tell me how long you intend to keep her .
One speech in it I chiefly loved .	I loved one speech in particular .
I wish , forbear .	I wish you ’ d be patient .
Let this be so .	What does this mean ?
The dearest ring in Venice will I give you , And find it out by proclamation .	I ’ ll give you the most expensive ring in Venice , and I ’ ll make a public announcement to help me find it .
When these prodigies Do so conjointly meet , let not men say , “ These are their reasons .	When all these extraordinary things happen at once , we shouldn ’ t say , “ These happenings can be explained rationally .
But , sir , be you ruled by me .	But , sir , Take my advice .
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
Thou mayst revenge .	You ’ ll get revenge later .
No ?	No ?
I will give treason his payment into plows , I warrant you .	I ’ ll reward treason with blows , I promise you .
I shall do ’ t , my lord .	Consider it done , my lord .
No , Messala .	No , Messala .
Signior ?	Yes Signior ?
Me , poor man , my library Was dukedom large enough .	My library was a large enough dukedom for me .
Thou canst not frown , thou canst not look askance , Nor bite the lip as angry wenches will , Nor hast thou pleasure to be cross in talk .	You haven ’ t got it in you to frown or look displeased or bite your lip as angry women do .
I passed , methought , the melancholy flood , With that sour ferryman which poets write of , Unto the kingdom of perpetual night .	In fact , the real nightmare had only just begun .
Therein the patient Must minister to himself .	That ’ s where the patient Must minister to himself .
Ready .	Here .
He will not say so .	He will not say so .
You men of Cyprus , let her have your knees .	We should all kneel before her , men of Cyprus !
Thou hast mistaken quite , And laid the love-juice on some true-love 's sight .	You have made a major mistake , And laid the love-juice on some true-love 's sight .
A pound of man 's flesh , taken from a man , Is not so estimable , profitable neither , As flesh of muttons , beefs , or goats .	A pound of man 's flesh , taken from a man , Is not so valuable , or profitable either , As flesh of mutton , beef , or goat .
The next thing then she waking looks upon — Be it on lion , bear , or wolf , or bull , On meddling monkey or on busy ape — She shall pursue it with the soul of love .	She ’ ll fall madly in love with the first thing she sees when she wakes up — even if it ’ s a lion , a bear , a wolf , a bull , a monkey , or an ape .
Edgar I nothing am .	As Edgar , I ’ m nothing at all .
have you a soul or sense ?	Have you got a soul or sense ?
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my lord .
let the door be lock 'd .	Let the doors be locked .
Here comes his Majesty .	Here comes his Majesty .
You do surely bar the door upon your own liberty , if you deny your griefs to your friend .	You certainly bar the door to your own freedom if you don ’ t tell your problems to your friend .
Virtue is beauty , but the beauteous evil Are empty trunks o 'erflourished by the devil .	Virtue is beauty , but someone beautiful and wicked is like an empty box decorated by the devil .
And so return to you , and nothing else ?	And so return to you , and nothing else ?
Peace , doting wizard , peace .	Shut up , you doddering old wizard !
Come hither , mistress .	Come here , ma 'am .
So Caesar may .	Caesar might act like that .
And why not the swift foot of time ?	Why didn ’ t you say “ the swift steps ” of time instead of the “ lazy foot ” ?
Say , Voltemand , what from our brother Norway ?	Tell me , Voltemand , what ’ s the news from the king of Norway ?
Shall we give o 'er and drown ?	Shall we give up and drown ?
Sirrah , naked fellow — Poor Tom ’ s a-cold .	Hey , naked guy — Poor Tom ’ s chilly .
Peace .	Quiet !
Give me some wine and let me speak a little .	Give me some wine and let me say a few words .
Nay , ’ tis twice two months , my lord .	No , my lord , it ’ s been four months .
O Cassius , Far from this country Pindarus shall run , Where never Roman shall take note of him .	Oh , Cassius , I ’ ll run far from this country to where no Romans can find me .
I must take out the work ?	I must take out the embroidery ?
M ” — Malvolio .	M ” — Malvolio .
I do not desire he should answer for me , and yet I determine to fight lustily for him .	I don ’ t expect him to answer for me , and yet I ’ m determined to fight vigorously for him .
If there be truth in sight , you are my daughter .	If my eyes don ’ t deceive me , you are my daughter .
You were best go in .	You had better go in .
The Ottomites , reverend and gracious , Steering with due course toward the isle of Rhodes , Have there injointed them with an after fleet .	The Ottoman , reverend and gracious , Steering with due course toward the isle of Rhodes , Have joined a later fleet there with them .
Read the will !	Read the will !
Take but good note , and you shall see in him The triple pillar of the world transformed Into a strumpet ’ s fool .	Take a good look , and you ’ ll see that one of the three men who rule the world has turned into a whore ’ s jester .
Ding , dong , bell .	Ding , dong , bell .
What dogs are these !	You bastards !
If she should make tender of her love , ’ tis very possible he ’ ll scorn it , for the man , as you know all , hath a contemptible spirit .	If she offers him her love , it ’ s very possible that he ’ ll scorn it , since , as we all know , he tends to be contemptuous .
Committed !	Committed !
Thou liest , thou shag-haired villain !	You ’ re lying , you shaggy-haired villain !
And what 's in prayer but this twofold force , To be forestalled ere we come to fall , Or pardon 'd being down ?	And what 's in prayer except this double force , To be prevented from falling down , Or pardoned since we are down ?
And for the sake of them thou sorrowest for , Do me the favour to dilate at full What hath befall 'n of them and thee till now .	And for the sake of those you grieve for , do me a favor : tell me the full story of what has happened to you and them , up to this point .
Foh !	Argh !
Merciful heaven !	Merciful heaven !
So much for him .	So much for him !
It is indifferent cold , my lord , indeed .	It is unusually cold , my lord , indeed .
Your heart is burst , you have lost half your soul .	It ’ s like half your soul ’ s been ripped out .
I fear thou wilt once more come again for a ransom .	I ’ m afraid you ’ ll come to me again for ransom .
I think that one of them is hereabout , And cannot make away .	I think that one of them is still around here , And cannot make a getaway .
How does my bounteous sister ?	How does my generous sister ?
O fair Katherine , if you will love me soundly with your French heart , I will be glad to hear you confess it brokenly with your English tongue .	Lovely Katherine , if you will love me well with your French heart , I ’ m happy to hear you confess it in broken English .
Every one .	Every one .
I will tell you why .	Or at least I can describe the rumors .
How ?	How ?
Here the street is narrow .	The street is narrow here .
I say amen , Gonzalo !	I say , Amen , Gonzalo !
He lies to the heart .	He lies to the heart .
My lord , you nod .	Don ’ t ask why .
It is the cry of women , my good lord .	It ’ s women crying , my good lord .
My tongue and soul in this be hypocrites .	And so , my words and thoughts will be at odds .
Well held out , i ' faith .	Good for you , holding out on me like this !
Alas , he is betray 'd , and I undone !	Alas , he is betrayed , and I have no hope !
Woo ’ t thou fight well ?	Will you fight well ?
You must have patience , madam .	You must have patience , madam .
I do assure you , ’ tis against my will .	I swear to you , I don ’ t want to be doing this .
Pray thee , sweet Mistress Margaret , deserve well at my hands by helping me to the speech of Beatrice .	Please Margaret , help me write this poem for Beatrice .
Good cheer , Antonio !	Cheer up , Antonio !
I have as much of this in art as you , But yet my nature could not bear it so .	I ’ ve practiced Stoicism with as much devotion as you , but I still couldn ’ t bear this news like you do .
Sir , are not you my father ?	Aren ’ t you my father ?
Why will My lord do so ?	Why do you want to do that , my lord ?
We will not fail .	We ’ ll be there .
Alas , you know not ; I must tell you then .	Alas , you don ’ t know ; I must tell you then .
What , durst not tempt him ?	What , not dare to tempt him ?
I ’ ll be your purse-bearer and leave you For an hour .	I ’ ll hold on to your money and leave you for an hour .
Her mood will needs be pitied .	Her mood must be pitied .
And , sir , tonight I do entreat that we may sup together .	And tonight , sir , I invite you have dinner with me .
You do mistake me , sir .	You must be mistaking me for someone else , sir .
I know thy quality .	I know your position .
I pray you , pardon me ; I cannot speak .	I beg you , pardon me ; I cannot speak .
All these old witnesses — I cannot err — Tell me thou art my son Antipholus .	All these aging faculties tell me — and I cannot be wrong — that you are my son , Antipholus .
That you have wrong 'd me doth appear in this : You have condemn 'd and noted Lucius Pella For taking bribes here of the Sardians , Wherein my letters , praying on his side , Because I knew the man , were slighted off .	That you ’ ve wronged me shows in this action : You ’ ve condemned and punished Lucius Pella For taking bribes from the Sardians here , And my letters , taking his side Because I knew the man , were blown off .
Didst thou not say he comes ?	Didn ’ t you just say he was ?
O , teach me how you look and with what art You sway the motion of Demetrius ' heart .	Oh , teach me how you look the way you do , and which tricks you used to make Demetrius fall in love with you .
Then I would you were so honest a man .	Then I wish you were so honest a man .
Let me see , let me see ; is not the leaf turn 'd down Where I left reading ?	Let me see , let me see ; isn ’ t the page turned down Where I left reading ?
It is a highwrought flood ; I cannot , ' twixt the heaven and the main , Descry a sail .	It is a very excited flood ; I cannot , between the sky and the land , See a sail .
You all did love him once , not without cause ; What cause withholds you then to mourn for him ?	You all loved him once , — not without reason .
And do you now cull out a holiday ?	And now you decide to call a holiday ?
And so , God be with him !	With that , I hope God is with him !
Bad is the world , and all will come to naught When such ill dealing must be seen in thought .	The world is a bad place , where you can ’ t speak what you know .
Nay , but Ophelia — Pray you , mark .	No , but Ophelia I beg you , listen .
Ere I would say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen , I would change my humanity with a baboon .	I ’ d rather be a baboon than kill myself out of love for some woman I can ’ t have .
Propose the oath , my lord .	Tell us the oath , my lord .
No , my dearest love , I would not for the world .	No , my dearest love , I wouldn ’ t cheat you for the whole world .
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
Enter , sir , the castle .	Sir , enter the castle .
Most savage and unnatural !	That ’ s uncivilized and unnatural !
I do not think so .	I don ’ t think so .
And I do know by this they stay for me In Pompey ’ s porch .	And I know that by now they ’ re waiting for me on the porch outside Pompey ’ s theater .
Good faith , how foolish are our minds !	Good faith , how foolish are our minds !
Still so cruel ?	Are you still so cruel ?
It is the best horse of Europe .	It is the best horse in Europe .
Now he is a-praying .	He ’ s praying now .
I have sent for these strawberries .	I have sent for the strawberries .
Soldiers , sir .	Soldiers , sir .
The music , ho !	Musicians , come in !
Othello , leave some officer behind And he shall our commission bring to you , And such things else of quality and respect As doth import you .	Othello , have one of your officers stay behind to bring you your commission and whatever else is important to you .
Fare thee well !	I ’ m still a virgin .
Come , bring me where they are .	Come , bring me to them .
Some say the Earth Was feverous and did shake .	Some people say that the earth shook as if it had a fever .
How much low peasantry would then be gleaned From the true seed of honor !	How many noblemen would be weeded out and would become peasants ?
You know I say nothing to him , for he understands not me , nor I him .	I have no opinion about him .
Have you the chain about you ?	Do you have it with you ?
It might have since been answered in repaying What we took from them , which , for traffic ’ s sake , Most of our city did .	The whole quarrel might have been resolved since then when we repaid what we stole from them — which most of our city did , for the sake of friendly trade relations .
Will you stay awhile ?	Will you wait awhile ?
Dear , they durst not , So dear the love my people bore me , nor set A mark so bloody on the business , but With colors fairer painted their foul ends .	The answer , my dear , is that they didn ’ t dare , because the people of Milan loved me too much .
Mine eyes did sicken at the sight and could not Endure a further view .	The sight made me so sick I couldn ’ t watch any more .
O Regan , wilt thou take her by the hand ?	Why shouldn ’ t she take my hand , father ?
And cross-gartered ?	With crisscrossed laces ?
Hortensio , hark .	Listen , Hortensio .
Why should that name be sounded more than yours ?	Why should that name be sounded any more than yours ?
Cassio did top her ; ask thy husband else .	Cassio screwed her ; ask your husband otherwise .
Thou shalt , I warrant thee .	You ’ ll see , I promise you .
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer .	Would raise babies and clip coupons .
I prithee , recount some of them .	Please , tell me some of them .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Ely with Richmond troubles me more near Than Buckingham and his rash-levied strength .	Ely joining Richmond troubles me more than Buckingham and his quickly assembled army .
This my mean task Would be as heavy to me as odious , but The mistress which I serve quickens what ’ s dead And makes my labors pleasures .	This hard work would be boring and nasty to me , but I ’ m working for a mistress who makes me enjoy my labor .
Thy master is a wise and valiant Roman .	Your master is a wise and honorable Roman .
help , ho !	help , ho !
Yonder they lie , the poor old man their father making such pitiful dole over them that all the beholders take his part with weeping .	They ’ re lying over there , and the poor old man , their father , weeps so piteously over them that the whole audience has joined him in grieving .
Let each man render me his bloody hand .	Each of you , give me your bloody hand .
If she come in , she 'll sure speak to my wife .	If she comes in , she 'll surely speak to my wife .
Thrice within this hour I saw him down , thrice up again and fighting .	Three times in an hour I saw him down , and three times up again and fighting .
Write from us to him .	Write to him immediately .
What , are you mad ?	What , are you crazy ?
Bring him , dead or living , Within this twelvemonth or turn thou no more To seek a living in our territory .	Bring him here dead or alive within the next year , or get out off my land .
Company is coming here .	I hear someone coming .
To the Mariners &ket; Play the men !	Keep the men moving .
My lord , you know I love you .	My lord , you know I ’ m your friend .
If ever I return to you again , I ’ ll bring you comfort .	If I ever come back , I ’ ll bring you good news .
Go , get thee in Yaughan ; fetch me a stoup of liquor .	Go , get you to Johann , bring me a mug of whiskey .
Let me see .	Let me see .
Give him a halter .	Give him a noose to hang himself .
No , let me not .	No , don ’ t let me .
Let it be so .	All right , then .
O upright , just , and true-disposing God , How do I thank thee that this carnal cur Preys on the issue of his mother ’ s body And makes her pew-fellow with others ' moan !	Oh righteous God , how can I thank you enough that this meat-eating mutt preys on his mother ’ s children and forces her to join others in their grief !
O , a pit of clay for to be made For such a guest is meet .	O , a pit of clay for to be made For such a guest is meet .
The same , my lord , and your poor servant ever .	It ’ s me , my lord , and your poor servant forever .
Nay , by ' r Lady , that I think he cannot .	No , by our Lady , I don ’ t think he can .
Their defeat Does by their own insinuation grow .	They got what they deserved .
Lysander and myself will fly this place .	Lysander and I are running away from here .
Henry the Sixth , in infant bands crowned king Of France and England , did this king succeed , Whose state so many had the managing That they lost France and made his England bleed , Which oft our stage hath shown .	Henry the Sixth , crowned king of France and England while still in his infancy , succeeded him .
I gave my love a ring , and made him swear Never to part with it ; and here he stands , — I dare be sworn for him he would not leave it , Nor pluck it from his finger , for the wealth That the world masters .	I gave my love a ring , and made him swear Never to part with it , and here he stands , I would dare to swear for him that he would not leave it Nor pluck it from his finger for all the wealth In the world .
Here , sir !	Here , sir !
Or shall I think in silver she ’ s immured , Being ten times undervalued to tried gold ?	Is she enclosed in silver , which is ten times less valuable than gold ?
I have begun to plant thee , and will labor To make thee full of growing .	I have begun to nurture your career , and will labor To make the most of yourself .
Faith , I ’ ll home tomorrow , Sir Toby .	Listen , I ’ m going home tomorrow , Sir Toby .
Their bloody sign of battle is hung out , And something to be done immediately .	They show their bloody heralds of battle , and something must be done immediately .
Thou wast born of woman .	You were given birth by a woman .
Alexas !	Alexas !
How will you live ?	How will you live ?
Nay , never lay thy hand upon thy sword .	Don ’ t bother trying to intimidate me by putting your hand on your sword .
How can that be , unless she drowned herself in her own defense ?	I ’ ll ask you another question .
But canst thou guess that he doth aim at it ?	But do you think that ’ s what he ’ s aiming for ?
Truly , sir , the better for my foes and the worse for my friends .	I ’ m better off because of my enemies , and worse off because of my friends .
Methinks it is like a weasel .	I think it is like a weasel .
Pray you sit still .	Pray you sit still .
Say you ?	What did you say ?
Ay , marry , are they , sir .	Yes , by Mary , they are , sir .
When I told you My state was nothing , I should then have told you That I was worse than nothing ; for , indeed , I have engag 'd myself to a dear friend , Engag 'd my friend to his mere enemy , To feed my means .	When I told you That I had nothing , I should have told you then That I had less than nothing , because indeed I have indebted myself to a dear friend , Indebted my friend to his notorious enemy , To feed my needs .
The table 's full .	The table 's full .
I , not rememb 'ring how I cried out then , Will cry it o 'er again : it is a hint That wrings mine eyes to 't .	I , not remembering how I cried out then , Will cry it out all over again : it is a moment That makes my eyes cry .
Oh , yes , I heard them all , and more too , for some of them had in them more feet than the verses would bear .	Oh yes , I heard them all , and more , too .
Come your ways .	Let ’ s go .
An please your Worship , Brakenbury , You may partake of anything we say .	If you like , Brakenbury , you can listen to anything we say .
Friar , it cannot be .	But she must be , Friar .
Thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture To be so taken at thy peril , Jew .	You can ’ t have anything but the penalty , to be taken at your peril , Jew .
Why , man ?	Why , man ?
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
The court awards it , and the law doth give it .	The court awards it and the law authorizes it .
What , will you murder me ? — Thou jailer , thou , I am thy prisoner .	jailer , i ’ m your prisoner .
But be thou armed for some unhappy words .	But prepare yourself for some unpleasantness .
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern hold their course for England .	Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are still going to England .
He that conceals him , death .	justice will be rewarded .
To 't again , come !	Do it again , come on .
I say unto thee , I bid thy master cutout the gown , but I did not bid him cut it to pieces .	I tell you I requested that your master cut out the gown , but I didn ’ t ask him to cut it all to pieces .
Yes , by Saint Patrick , but there is , Horatio , And much offence too .	Yes , by Saint Patrick , but there is , Horatio , And much offense too .
I prithee now , ungird thy strangeness and tell me what I shall vent to my lady .	Now please stop being so strange and tell me what exactly I should blab to my lady .
Well may it sort that this portentous figure Comes armed through our watch , so like the King That was and is the question of these wars .	Well it may turn out that this warning figure Comes armed through our watch , looking so like the king That was and is the question of these wars .
Now , forward with your tale . — Prithee , stand farther off .	Now go ahead and tell me the rest of your story . — Please go stand farther away .
How now , worthy soldier ?	What ’ s the news , brave soldier ?
No .	No .
But what ’ s the matter , Clarence ?	But , really , what ’ s going on , Clarence ?
Twere good you let him know ; For who that 's but a queen , fair , sober , wise , Would from a paddock , from a bat , a gib Such dear concernings hide ?	Don ’ t think it ’ s good to tell him , For who except a queen , fair , sober , wise , Would hide from a frog , from a bat , a cat , Such dear concerns ?
If a Jew wrong a Christian , what is his humility ?	If a Jew offends a Christian , what ’ s the Christian ’ s kind and gentle reaction ?
Abhorred villain !	Evil villain !
Where is the fellow ?	Where is that messenger ?
They have tied me to a stake .	They have me tied to a stake .
Of that I shall have also cause to speak , And from his mouth whose voice will draw on more .	I shall also have cause to speak of that , And directly from his mouth whose voice will deliver it .
If fortune be not ours today , it is Because we brave her .	If luck deserts us today , it ’ s because we defy it .
By my life I do , which I tender dearly , though I say I am a magician .	I swear on my life , which I take pretty seriously , even if I am a magician .
Edmund I think is gone In pity of his misery to dispatch His nighted life ; moreover to descry The strength o ' th ' enemy .	And also to find out the size of the enemy army .
I pray you , let me look upon the bond .	Please , let me look on the promise to pay .
It is a reeling world indeed , my lord , And I believe will never stand upright Till Richard wear the garland of the realm .	I believe it won ’ t stop moving and stand upright till Richard wears the wreath of the realm .
Why , every day , tomorrow .	Tomorrow , and then every day after that .
Look whether he have not crown 'd dead Cassius !	Look whether he has crowned dead Cassius or not !
Did you ever cure any so ?	Have you ever cured anyone this way before ?
The attempt and not the deed Confounds us .	The attempt , and not the deed , Confuses us .
for every thing is seal 'd and done That else leans on the affair .	because everything is sealed and done That relies on this affair .
I have been dear to him , lad , some two thousand strong , or so .	His letter ’ s going to be hilarious .
Bear it coldly but till midnight and let the issue show itself .	Remain calm until midnight , and then you ’ ll see what the trouble is .
The trumpery in my house , go bring it hither For stale to catch these thieves .	Bring the fancy clothes out of my house , to use as bait to catch these thieves .
For God ’ s sake , hold your hands .	Stop , for God ’ s sake !
Would it were mortal poison for thy sake .	If only I could spit poison .
Despair and die !	What , from myself ?
Never excuse — for when the players are all dead , there needs none to be blamed .	Never apologize — when the actors are all dead , no one can be blamed .
Indeed !	Oh , are you really !
Legged like a man , and his fins like arms !	He has legs like a man , and his fins look like arms !
What mean you , Caesar ?	What are you doing , Caesar ?
King Stephen was a worthy peer , His breeches cost him but a crown ; He held them sixpence all too dear , With that he call 'd the tailor lown .	King Stephen was a worthy peer , His breeches only cost him a dollar ; He held them six cents all too expensive , With that he called the calm tailor .
If you call me Jephthah , my lord , I have a daughter that I love passing well .	If you call me Jephthah , my lord , I have a daughter that I love passing well .
Sirrah , give place .	Servant , get away .
When it is lighted , come and call me here .	When it is lit , come back and call me here .
I will hear that play .	I ’ ll watch this play .
I see no blood , no wound .	I see no blood , no wound .
This way will I. Disrobe the images If you do find them decked with ceremonies .	Undress the statues if they ’ re decorated in honor of Caesar .
This speed of Caesar ’ s Carries beyond belief .	Caesar ’ s speed defies belief .
I cannot go to , man , nor ’ tis not very well .	All right ! ” It ’ s not fine , and I ’ m not all right !
No more that Thane of Cawdor shall deceive Our bosom interest .	That Baron of Cawdor shall no longer betray Matters close to our heart .
Who can be wise , amazed , temperate and furious , Loyal and neutral , in a moment ?	Who can be wise , amazed , temperate , and furious , Loyal and neutral , in a moment ?
I can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs .	I can suck sadness out of a song the way a weasel sucks eggs .
John Duke of Norfolk , Thomas Earl of Surrey , Shall have the leading of this foot and horse .	John Duke of Norfolk and Thomas Earl of Surrey will lead the horsemen and foot soldiers .
A sealed bag , two sealed bags of ducats , Of double ducats , stol 'n from me by my daughter !	A sealed bag , two sealed bags of dollars , Of double dollars , stolen from me by my daughter !
So should the murdered look , and so should I , Pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty .	That ’ s how someone who ’ s been murdered should look , and that ’ s how I look .
He hath disgraced me and hindered me half a million , laughed at my losses , mocked at my gains , scorned my nation , thwarted my bargains , cooled my friends , heated mine enemies — and what ’ s his reason ?	He ’ s laughed at my losses , made fun of my earnings , humiliated my race , thwarted my deals , turned my friends against me , riled up my enemies — and why ?
Pleaseth your Majesty to give me leave , I ’ ll muster up my friends and meet your Grace Where and what time your Majesty shall please .	If your Majesty would like , I ’ ll muster up my friends and meet you wherever and whenever you like .
Fly further off , my lord , fly further off .	Retreat further , my lord , retreat further .
Not so .	Not true .
And this , Metellus Cimber .	And this is Metellus Cimber .
The like is on her arm .	There ’ s a similar mark on her arm .
Neither rhyme nor reason can express how much .	Neither rhyme nor reason can express how much I love her .
I ’ ll have her , but I will not keep her long .	I ’ ll get her , but I won ’ t keep her long .
With as little a web as this will I ensnare as great a fly as Cassio .	With a web as little as this , I ’ ll catch as big a fly as Cassio .
I ’ ll do ’ t .	I ’ ll do all that .
My friend Stephano , signify , I pray you , Within the house , your mistress is at hand : And bring your music forth into the air .	My friend Stephano , let them know , please , Within the house , that your mistress is at hand , And bring your music outside .
What judgment shall I dread , doing no wrong ?	Why should I be afraid of your judgment when I haven ’ t done anything wrong ?
Then shall we be news-crammed .	Then we ’ ll be stuffed with news .
I 'll go farther off .	I 'll go farther away .
I am a fellow o ' th ' strangest mind i ' th ' world .	Ah , I ’ m an odd kind of guy .
So please you , we will stand and watch your pleasure .	Please , we will stand here and wait for your instructions .
Do you believe his tenders , as you call them ?	Do you believe his “ offers , ” as you call them ?
And to that end we wished your Lordship here T ' avoid the censures of the carping world .	That is exactly why we wanted you here , your lordship — to avoid the public carping and complaints .
Why , then , tomorrow night , or Tuesday morn .	Well then , tomorrow night , or Tuesday morning .
Well met , Corporal Nym .	Good to see you , Corporal Nym .
I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons When severally we hear them renderèd .	I ’ ll listen to Cassius , and we will compare their reasons .
She is drowned already , sir , with salt water , though I seem to drown her remembrance again with more .	She ’ s been drowned in salty sea water , and now my salty tears are about to drown her memory all over again .
Better Macbeth Than such an one to reign .	Better Macbeth Than such an one like me to reign over Scotland .
Wherefore was I to this keen mockery born ?	Why was I born to this keen mockery ?
No , nor mine now .	No , for me now .
Not being the worst Stands in some rank of praise .	Not being the worst daughter deserves some praise , I guess .
Portia , go in awhile , And by and by thy bosom shall partake The secrets of my heart .	Portia , go in awhile , And by and by , your heart shall hear The secrets of my heart .
Do you misdoubt This sword and these my wounds ?	Don ’ t you trust my sword and these wounds ?
He may command me as my sovereign , But you have power in me as in a kinsman .	He may command me as my king , but you still have power over me as a relative .
Let them set on at once , for I perceive But cold demeanor in Octavius ' wing , And sudden push gives them the overthrow .	Let them start the battle immediately because I see Only cold appearances in Octavius ' part of the army , And a sudden push will overthrow them .
Why , man , I saw Bassanio under sail .	I saw Bassanio sail away , and Gratiano went with him .
Twere good you do so much for charity .	It would be good for you to do so much for charity .
Dear my lord , Be not familiar with her .	Please , my lord , don ’ t be friendly with her .
How foolish do your fears seem now , Calpurnia !	How foolish your fears seem now , Calpurnia !
There is none but he Whose being I do fear , and under him My genius is rebuked , as it is said Mark Antony ’ s was by Caesar .	I ’ m not afraid of anyone but him .
That they were , I wish Myself were mudded in that oozy bed Where my son lies . — When did you lose your daughter ?	I ’ d give up my life and take my son ’ s place in the mud on the ocean floor if I could see them alive in Naples . — When did you lose your daughter ?
Orlando ?	Orlando ?
To bed ?	To bed !
He ’ s worth no more .	He is worth no more than that .
Here comes one .	Here comes one of them now .
Cry the man mercy , love him , take his offer .	Ask this man ’ s forgiveness , love him , and accept his offer .
Do not talk to me , Emilia .	Don ’ t talk to me , Emilia .
Lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe .	Save that kind of harsh language for your worst enemy .
These foils have all a length ?	All these swords have a length ?
My husband !	My husband !
But this place is too cold for hell .	But this place is too cold for hell .
I do not understand .	I don ’ t understand .
Signior Gremio , came you from the church ?	Signior Gremio , are you coming from the church ?
Throw some of them at me .	Throw some of your words at me .
What have you , my good friends , deserved at the hands of fortune that she sends you to prison hither ?	What crimes have you committed to be sent here to this prison ?
Thou hotly lust ’ st to use her in that kind For which thou whipp ’ st her .	You should be whipping yourself , since you lust after her and yearn to do the same thing for which you ’ re punishing her .
Courteous lord , one word .	Polite sir , let me say one thing .
Who was so firm , so constant , that this coil Would not infect his reason ?	Who is so firm , so constant , that this noisy disturbance Would not infect his sanity ?
What ’ s to say ?	What ’ s there to say ?
How now , Horatio ?	What ’ s going on , Horatio ?
It is no matter ; let no images Be hung with Caesar 's trophies .	It doesn ’ t matter ; don ’ t let the statues Be hung with Caesar 's trophies .
Ride , ride , Messala .	Ride , ride , Messala .
It is , my lord .	It is , my lord .
I have no long spoon .	I have no interest in getting mixed up with the devil .
Let us not leave him out .	Let ’ s not leave him out .
Think on Lord Hastings .	Then run away .
I shall have glory by this losing day , More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto .	I shall have glory by this losing day , More than Octavius and Mark Antony Shall get by this evil conquest .
Master young man , you , I pray you , which is the way to Master Jew ’ s ?	Excuse me , young man , how do I get to the Jew ’ s residence ?
Ingrateful fox , ’ tis he .	That ’ s him .
Was the crown offered him thrice ?	The crown was offered to him three times ?
It is much that the Moor should be more than reason .	The It ’ s too bad there ’ s more of the Moor than there ought to be .
I said , an elder soldier , not a better .	I said , an elder soldier , not a better .
What did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now ?	What did you mean by giving me this handkerchief ?
But I do see you 're moved ; I am to pray you not to strain my speech To grosser issues , nor to larger reach Than to suspicion .	I beg you not to push my speech To grosser issues or to reach beyond Mere suspicion .
Speed him hence .	Send him on his way quickly .
Where should I lose that handkerchief , Emilia ?	Where could I have lost that handkerchief , Emilia ?
Next , Cleopatra does confess thy greatness , Submits her to thy might , and of thee craves The circle of the Ptolemies for her heirs , Now hazarded to thy grace .	Cleopatra recognizes your greatness and accepts your authority .
What is here ?	What does this say ?
Tis meet I should be used so , very meet .	It ’ s right I should be used this way , very right .
Do you believe his “ tenders , ” as you call them ?	Do you believe his “ offers , ” as you call them ?
What things are these , my lord Antonio ?	What are these things we ’ re looking at , my lord Antonio ?
It was about to speak , when the cock crew .	It was about to speak , when the rooster crowed .
Did you say all ?	Did you say all ?
I did not .	I didn ’ t .
This was the noblest Roman of them all .	This was the noblest Roman of them all .
What say you ?	What do you say ?
Help !	Help !
I am sorry .	I ’ m so sorry .
Tis Cinna .	It ’ s Cinna .
Moor , she was chaste ; she loved thee , cruel Moor ; So come my soul to bliss , as I speak true ; So speaking as I think , I die , I die .	Moor , she was chaste ; she loved you , cruel Moor ; So my soul goes to heaven , because I tell the truth ; So speaking as I think , I die , I die .
I ’ ll after him , and see the event of this .	I ’ ll go too and make sure that happens .
Something sure of state , Either from Venice or some unhatch 'd practice Made demonstrable here in Cyprus to him , Hath puddled his clear spirit ; and in such cases Men 's natures wrangle with inferior things , Though great ones are their object .	Surely it ’ s some matter of state , Either from Venice or some minor problem Shown to him here in Cyprus , That has muddied his clear spirit , and in such cases Men 's natures fight with inferior things , Although their object is great ones .
A noble ship of Venice Hath seen a grievous wreck and sufferance On most part of their fleet .	One of our ships has reported that it saw most of their fleet shipwrecked .
Dear lady , welcome home .	Dear lady , welcome home .
Fie , fie upon thee , strumpet !	Damn , damn you , prostitute !
Very strangely , they say .	Very strangely , they say .
I say , it is not lost .	I say , it is not lost .
If we are like you in the rest , we will resemble you in that .	If we are like you in the rest , we ’ ll resemble you in that .
Alack , alack , Edmund , I like not this unnatural dealing .	Oh , oh , Edmund , I don ’ t like this monstrous business .
Well praised !	Well praised !
But it is no matter .	But it doesn ’ t matter .
No more amazement .	There ’ s nothing to get upset about .
I found not Cassio ’ s kisses on her lips .	I never saw Cassio ’ s kisses on her lips .
the portrait of a blinking idiot , Presenting me a schedule !	The portrait of a blinking idiot , Presenting me a piece of paper !
But those that understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .	But those who understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .
Is ’ t possible you will away tonight ?	You ’ re not thinking of leaving tonight , surely ?
I ’ ll fight at sea .	I ’ ll fight at sea .
Ay , and this .	Yes , and this .
Why , now , blow wind , swell billow , and swim bark !	Now let the wind blow , waves swell , and ships sink !
Do you not hear him ?	Don ’ t you hear him ?
Our hostess keeps her state , but in best time We will require her welcome .	Our hostess sits in her chair of state , but , when it ’ s time , We will require her welcome .
He .	Yes .
Anon his Thisbe must be answered , And forth my mimic comes .	Then , his Thisbe must be answered , And my creation comes back to the rehearsal .
How , sir , how ?	What , sir , how !
And their tongues rot That speak against us !	May the tongues of our critics rot !
Nay , ’ tis no matter , sir , what he ' leges in Latin .	I don ’ t care what he told you in Latin .
Fair sir , I pity her And wish , for her sake more than for mine own , My fortunes were more able to relieve her .	Dear sir , I pity the lady and wish — more for her sake than my own — that I was more able to help her .
Thy dukedom I resign and do entreat Thou pardon me my wrongs .	I surrender your dukedom and beg you to forgive me all my crimes .
With duty and desire we follow you .	We follow you , because we should and because we want to .
I prithee , good Grumio , tell me , how goes the world ?	So tell me , Grumio , how goes the world ?
You go to seek the Lord Hamlet .	You ’ re looking for Lord Hamlet .
What should I answer you ?	What should I pay you ?
Alas , poor shepherd , searching of thy wound , I have by hard adventure found mine own .	Oh , poor shepherd !
O valiant cousin !	O valiant cousin !
And died that day when Viola from her birth Had numbered thirteen years .	He died on Viola ’ s thirteenth birthday .
But not , as I am , royal .	But not a member of the royal family , like me .
I 'll swear upon that bottle to be thy true subject , for the liquor is not earthly .	I 'll swear on that bottle to be your true subject , because that liquor is not earthly .
Where ’ s Antony ?	Where ’ s Antony ?
Nothing .	Nothing .
Tis even so , For let our finger ache and it endues Our other healthful members even to that sense Of pain .	That ’ s the way it goes .
Our wars are done , the Turks are drowned .	The war ’ s over and the Turks are drowned .
O perjured woman !	Oh , lying woman !
One unperfectness shows me another , to make me frankly despise myself .	One weakness led to another , to make me hate myself .
Most heartily I do beseech the court To give the judgment .	I beg the court to deliver the verdict .
Thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense , so forcible is thy wit .	Your wit is so forceful , it frightens the very meaning out of your words .
Ay , noble lord .	Yes , noble lord .
Why do you make such faces ?	Why do you make such faces ?
And how does your content Tender your own good fortune ?	And how does your happiness Advance your own good fortune ?
O heaven , that such companions thou 'ldst unfold , And put in every honest hand a whip To lash the rascals naked through the world Even from the east to the west !	O heaven , that you would expose such companions , And put a whip in every honest hand To whip the rascals naked throughout the world , Even from the east to the west !
The robb 'd that smiles steals something from the thief ; He robs himself that spends a bootless grief .	The victim that smiles steals something from the thief ; He robs himself that spends a unprofitable grief .
What , for a counter , would I do but good ?	What would I do besides good ?
O horror , horror , horror !	Oh , horror , horror , horror !
You have not seen such a thing as ’ tis .	You ’ ve never seen anything like it .
But that it would be double-dealing , sir , I would you could make it another .	But if it ’ s not double-dealing , sir , I wish you ’ d deal me another .
These things , come thus to light , Smother her spirits up .	These revelations have overwhelmed her .
The one I ’ ll stay , the other stayeth me .	Lysander I want to stop , but Hermia stops my heart from beating .
An I may hide my face , let me play Thisbe too .	If I can hide my face , let me play Thisbe too .
This interchange of love , I here protest , Upon my part shall be inviolable .	I swear I will never break this promise of love .
Command him away .	Command this man to leave .
Your father got excellent husbands , if a maid could come by them .	Your father ’ s sons would make excellent husbands , if only a girl could catch one for herself .
First , good Peter Quince , say what the play treats on ; then read the names of the actors ; and so grow to a point .	First , good Peter Quince , tell us what the play ’ s about , then read the names of the actors ; and so get to the point .
I wonder if Titania be awaked ; Then , what it was that next came in her eye , Which she must dote on in extremity .	I wonder if Titania is up yet , And what it was that next came into her sight , Which she must love in the extreme .
We 'll make our leisures to attend on yours .	We 'll wait until you ’ re free .
Have you conspired , have you with these contrived , To bait me with this foul derision ?	Have you conspired , have you contrived with these men To bait me with this disgusting insult ?
Hear you ought of her in yours ?	Did you hear anything about her in yours ?
Is it no more but this — a tardiness in nature Which often leaves the history unspoke That it intends to do ? — My lord of Burgundy , What say you to the lady ?	You mean this is the whole problem , that she is shy and hasn ’ t said everything she means to say and do ? — My lord of Burgundy , what do you have to say to this lady ?
O , help , ho !	O , help , ho !
I would eat his heart in the marketplace .	I would rip his heart out in public and eat it .
Come hither , sir .	Come here , sir .
Ariel , thy charge Exactly is performed ; but there 's more work .	Except that there 's more work .
We here attend you .	We ’ re waiting here for you .
This comes too near the praising of myself , Therefore , no more of it : hear other things .	This sounds as if I am praising of myself ; So , no more about it ; listen to other things .
Tis even so .	It must be .
There is no terror , Cassius , in your threats , For I am arm 'd so strong in honesty , That they pass by me as the idle wind Which I respect not .	There is no terror , Cassius , in your threats , Because I ’ m armed so strongly in honesty , That they pass by me as the idle wind Which I don ’ t respect .
treason !	Treason !
are my deserts no better ?	Is my deserving no better than that ?
If this uncouth forest yield anything savage , I will either be food for it or bring it for food to thee .	If I can find any animal in this wild forest , I ’ ll either be food for it or bring it as food for you .
The passages of alleys , creeks , and narrow lands ; A hound that runs counter and yet draws dryfoot well , One that before the judgment carries poor souls to hell .	A backbiting friend , one who grabs people , who patrols the streets and passageways .
You have not a man in all Athens able to discharge Pyramus but he .	There ’ s not a man in all Athens able to play Pyramus but he .
Is thy master stirring ?	Is your master awake yet ?
But for your private satisfaction , Because I love you , I will let you know .	But for your private satisfaction , because I love you , I ’ ll tell you .
God pardon them that are the cause thereof .	God pardon those who are responsible for Clarence ’ s troubles .
Here comes the Prince and Claudio .	Here comes the Prince and Claudio .
Say you so ?	You say so ?
With lawyers in the vacation , for they sleep between term and term , and then they perceive not how time moves .	For lawyers on vacation , because they sleep their holidays away , with no sense of how time moves .
Let him thank me , that holp to send him thither , For he was fitter for that place than earth .	Let him thank me , who helped him get there .
Maybe he is not well .	Maybe he ’ s not feeling well .
I tell thee , Constable , my mistress wears his own hair .	I ’ ll tell you this , Constable , my mistress has his own hair .
You mistake , sir , you mistake , sir .	You ’ re wrong , sir , very wrong .
A whole one , I.	No , a whole share for me .
How satisfied , my lord ?	How will you get proof ?
It lies in you .	You have the power to fix it .
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple .	I think he ’ ll carry this island home in his pocket and give it to his son like an apple .
When they next wake , all this derision Shall seem a dream and fruitless vision ; And back to Athens shall the lovers wend , With league whose date till death shall never end .	When they next wake up , all this conflict Shall seem to be a dream and a worthless vision ; And back to Athens the lovers shall go With happiness and agreement that will never end .
Sir , you speak nobly .	Noble words , sir .
I will hear Brutus speak .	I ’ ll listen to Brutus .
For nature , crescent , does not grow alone In thews and bulk ; but as this temple waxes , The inward service of the mind and soul Grows wide withal .	Stop thinking about it , Because nature , the moon , does not grow alone In strength and size , but as this temple grows , The inward duty of the mind and soul Grows wide along with the rest .
I must be gone .	I have to go .
Away , slight man !	Leave , you little man .
My father ’ s death — Thy life hath it dishonored .	By my father ’ s death — Your life has dishonored his death .
He goes before me , and still dares me on ; When I come where he calls , then he is gone .	He went before me , and still dares me to fight ; When I get to where he ’ s calling from , he ’ s gone .
No , faith , not a jot .	No , not at all .
I hear a tongue , shriller than all the music , Cry “ Caesar . ” Speak , Caesar is turn 'd to hear .	I hear a voice that is more shrill than all the music Yelling , " Caesar " !
Therefore , put money in thy purse .	So have your money ready .
Begin , murderer .	Begin , murderer , argh !
And shall , or some of us will smart for it .	And you will be , or some people here will suffer for it .
Prithee , keep up thy quillets .	Please don ’ t play games .
Woo ’ t weep ?	Will you cry ?
Let each man render me his bloody hand .	Let each man give me his bloody hand .
I ’ ll be before thee .	I ’ ll meet you there .
Wherefore did they not That hour destroy us ?	Why didn ’ t they Destroy us then and there ?
But this same Cassio , though he speak of comfort Touching the Turkish loss , yet he looks sadly And prays the Moor be safe ; for they were parted With foul and violent tempest .	He is a worthy governor But this same Cassio , although he speaks of comfort Touching the Turkish loss , he still looks sad , And prays the Moor is safe , because they were parted With an evil and violent tempest .
Ah , my good lord , what have I seen tonight !	You think I ’ m a sponge , my lord ?
Ay , dread Queen .	Yes , revered Queen .
A noble prisoner !	He is a noble prisoner !
Yes , every man of them , and no man here But honors you , and every one doth wish You had but that opinion of yourself Which every noble Roman bears of you .	Yes , every one of them , and every man here Respects you , and every one wishes You had that opinion of yourself Which every noble Roman has for you .
Yes , faith .	Yes , indeed they are .
No , nor more fearful .	You were born from a woman .
What means this shouting ?	What does this shouting mean ?
Then does he say he lent me Some shipping , unrestored .	Then he says I didn ’ t return some ships he loaned me .
Worthy Montano , you were wont be civil ; The gravity and stillness of your youth The world hath noted , and your name is great In mouths of wisest censure .	Worthy Montano , you were inclined to be civil ; The world has marked he gravity and stillness of your youth and your name is great In mouths of wisest respect .
I have them ready .	I have them ready .
The poor world is almost six thousand years old , and in all this time there was not any man died in his own person , videlicet , in a love cause .	This world is almost six thousand years old , and in all this time not one man has ever actually died from love .
No passage ?	no safety ?
It is shaped , sir , like itself , and it is as broad as it hath breadth .	Sir , it ’ s shaped like itself and is as wide as it has width .
It is here , Hamlet .	I ’ m the one , Hamlet .
Then are our beggars bodies , and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars ' shadows .	Then I guess beggars are the ones with bodies , while ambitious kings and heroes are just the shadows of beggars .
Beshrew his soul for me !	Damn that Toby !
Stand from the hearse .	Stand away from the hearse .
Thou hast not , cousin .	No you haven ’ t , cousin .
O villain , villain , smiling , damnèd villain !	Oh , you villain , villain , you damned , smiling villain !
Would I were in an alehouse in London !	I wish I were in an alehouse in London !
It eats and sleeps and hath such senses As we have , such .	It eats and sleeps and has the same five senses we do .
Pox on ’ t !	That ’ s it !
What , my lord ?	What , my lord ?
Sir , my liege , Do not infest your mind with beating on The strangeness of this business .	Sir , my king , don ’ t waste your time mulling over how strange this business is .
Great Mark Antony Is now a widower .	Great Mark Antony is a widower now .
Sweet , do not scorn her so .	Sweet , don ’ t scorn her like that .
She 's a most exquisite lady .	She 's a very exquisite lady .
What , shall I find you here ?	Will you be here when I return ?
This Tunis , sir , was Carthage .	This Tunis , sir , was Carthage .
No place will please me so , no mean of death , As here by Caesar , and by you cut off , The choice and master spirits of this age .	There ’ s no place I ’ d rather die than here by Caesar , and no manner of death would please me more than being stabbed by you , the masters of this new era .
That is hot ice and wondrous strange snow .	That ’ s like hot ice and strange snow .
We trifle time ; I pray thee pursue sentence .	We are wasting time ; Please , enforce sentence .
The visitor will not give him o 'er so .	The visitor won ’ t abandon him like that .
Come , Let ’ s have one other gaudy night .	Come , let ’ s have one more extravagant night .
No , indeed , sir ; the Lady Olivia has no folly .	No , sir .
This nothing 's more than matter .	This “ nothing ” is more than just a story .
Say on , my loving lord .	Go on , my loving lord .
There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never please .	There are things in this comedy of Pyramus and Thisbe that will never work .
Or as ’ twere perfumed by a fen .	Or , as it were perfumed by a swamp .
In Parthia did I take thee prisoner , And then I swore thee , saving of thy life , That whatsoever I did bid thee do , Thou shouldst attempt it .	In Parthia I took you prisoner ; And then I made you swear , since I saved your life , That whatever I asked you to do , You should attempt it .
Get you hence , sirrah ; saucy fellow , hence !	Get out , servant ; rude fellow , go away !
Nor would we deign him burial of his men Till he disbursed at Saint Colme ’ s Inch Ten thousand dollars to our general use .	We told him we wouldn ’ t even let him bury his men until he retreated to Saint Colme ’ s Inch and paid us ten thousand dollars .
I have drunk but one cup tonight , and that was craftily qualified too , and behold what innovation it makes here .	I have drunk but one cup tonight , and that was craftily diluted too , and behold , what changes it makes here .
I cannot live to hear the news from England , But I do prophesy the election lights On Fortinbras .	I cannot live to hear the news from England , But I do predict that the throne belongs To Fortinbras .
Can any of your neighbors tell , Kate ?	Can any of your neighbors tell , Kate ?
Kindness in women , not their beauteous looks , Shall win my love , and so I take my leave , In resolution as I swore before .	From now on , goodness in women , not superficial beauty , will win my heart .
Ay , my lord , an ’ t please you .	Yes , my lord , if you would like .
For as thou urgest justice , be assured Thou shalt have justice more than thou desirest .	You asked for justice , so rest assured you ’ ll get more justice than you bargained for .
Well , sir , I ’ ll bring you to our master Lear And leave you to attend him .	Well , sir , I ’ ll take you to Lear and have you stay with him a while .
If you meet the Prince in the night , you may stay him .	If you meet the Prince in the night , you can order him to stop .
For what reason ?	Two reasons .
All things that are , Are with more spirit chased than enjoy 'd .	All things that exist Are sought for with more spirit than the spirit to enjoy them .
O most happy hour !	Oh most happy hour !
What is Pyramus ?	What is Pyramus ?
You sunburnt sicklemen , of August weary , Come hither from the furrow and be merry ; Make holiday , your rye-straw hats put on , And these fresh nymphs encounter every one In country footing .	You sun-burned reapers , tired of August , Come here from the rows you have plowed and be happy : Make it a holiday : put on your rye-straw hats , And meet every one pf these fresh nymphs In country dancing .
I shall the effect of this good lesson keep As watchman to my heart .	I shall keep the purpose of this good lesson As watchman to my heart .
I am no more mad than you are .	I ’ m no more insane than you are , and I ’ ll prove it .
It is the lady that Pyramus must love .	Thisbe is the lady Pyramus is in love with .
If I do die before thee , prithee shroud me In one of those same sheets .	If I die before you , I beg you , shroud me In one of those same sheets .
O , never Shall sun that morrow see !	O , the sun shall never See that tomorrow !
Help , angels .	Help me , angels !
Run away , I pray you !	Run away , I beg you !
I hate the Moor , And it is thought abroad that ’ twixt my sheets He ’ s done my office .	I hate the Moor , and there ’ s a widespread rumor that he ’ s slept with my wife .
Why do you keep alone , Of sorriest fancies your companions making , Using those thoughts which should indeed have died With them they think on ?	Why do you keep to yourself , Making the worst imaginings your companions , Thinking those thoughts which should indeed have died With the dead ones you ’ re thinking about ?
What sights , my lord ?	What things , my lord ?
Yes , it doth shine that night .	Yes , it does shine that night .
Yes , bring me word , boy , if thy lord look well , For he went sickly forth .	Yes , return and tell me if your master looks well , because he was sick when he left .
Sweet mistress — what your name is else I know not , Nor by what wonder you do hit of mine , —	Sweet mistress — I don ’ t know what other name to give you , or how you ’ ve figured out mine — you seem as
Just as high as my heart .	Just as tall as my heart .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Yonder comes my master , your brother .	I remember , Adam , that ’ s Here comes my master , your brother .
Think what thou wilt , I am thy lover ’ s grace .	I ’ m your love , no matter what you think .
No , madam , I do but read madness .	No , madam , I ’ m just reading an insane letter .
You lack a man ’ s heart .	You don ’ t have a man ’ s courage .
We see how mortal an unkindness is to them .	We know how much they suffer if we are unkind to them .
Run to your houses , fall upon your knees , Pray to the gods to intermit the plague That needs must light on this ingratitude .	Run to your houses , fall on your knees , and pray to the gods to spare you the pain that you deserve for such ingratitude .
And I beseech you instantly to visit My too much changed son .	And I beg you instantly to visit My too much changed son .
None that I know will be ; much that I fear may chance .	Nothing that I know for sure , but a lot that I ’ m afraid might happen .
Can you smell him out by that ?	Can you smell out his secret now ?
I forgive you the praise .	I ’ ll let you get away with skipping the praise .
Thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villainy should be so rich .	You should ask instead if it ’ s possible that any criminal could be so rich .
Most certain , sir .	Yes , it ’ s true , sir .
Why should not we Be there in person ?	Why shouldn ’ t I be there in person ?
Should I have answered Caius Cassius so ?	And would I have ever done that to you ?
But in them nature 's copy 's not eterne .	Only in them , nature 's copy is not eternal .
I bring no overture of war , no taxation of homage .	I ’ m not bringing any declarations of war or demands for cash .
A rarer spirit never Did steer humanity , but you gods will give us Some faults to make us men .	But gods , you give us faults so we ’ ll be human .
Here will I rest me till the break of day .	Here I ’ ll rest until daybreak .
No doubt , no doubt .	No doubt , no doubt .
Adieu , good neighbor .	Farewell , good neighbor .
Cassio , I love thee ; But never more be officer of mine .	Cassio , I love you ; But never more be an officer of mine .
Come on .	Give us the swords , come on .
It ripens towards it .	It ’ s getting there .
I pray you , Let not my jealousies be your dishonors , But mine own safeties .	I beg you , Don ’ t let my jealousies be your dishonors , Only my own safeties .
When I came back — For this was brief — I found them close together At blow and thrust , even as again they were When you yourself did part them .	They were nearly killing each other , as you saw when you pulled them apart .
Smile heaven upon this fair conjunction , That long have frowned upon their enmity .	Smile , then , on this beautiful union .
Or here , or at the Capitol .	Here , or at the Capitol .
Out , out , brief candle !	Out , out , brief candle !
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman .	Demetrius is a worthy gentleman .
And doth affection breed it ?	Is it out of lust ?
What ’ s that ?	What ?
The labor we delight in physics pain .	The labor we delight in cures pain .
Thriftless ambition , that will raven up Thine own lives ' means !	Everything about this is unnatural !
Thence I have followed it , Or it hath drawn me rather .	I followed it here , or I should say it dragged me here .
Renown and grace is dead .	The graceful and renowned king is dead .
There 's not a one of them but in his house I keep a servant fee 'd .	There 's not one of them , except for his house I don ’ t keep a bribed servant .
My good friends , hark !	My friends , listen .
I come but in as others do , to try with him the strength of my youth .	I have only come in — like the others have — to try to fight him with the strength of my youth .
The day , my friends , and all things stay for me .	The day , my friends , and everything await me .
Do not presume too much upon my love .	Don ’ t take my love for granted .
A double blessing is a double grace ; Occasion smiles upon a second leave .	A double blessing is a double grace , It ’ s a better occasion to smile at saying goodbye again .
But , I pray you , let none of your people stir me .	But please don ’ t let any of your people wake me up .
If that the Turkish fleet Be not enshelter 'd and embay 'd , they are drown 'd ; It is impossible to bear it out .	If the Turkish fleet is not Sheltered and in a bay , they are drowned ; It is impossible to wait it out .
such bugs and goblins in my life , That on the supervise , no leisure bated , No , not to stay the grinding of the axe , My head should be struck off .	such ghosts and goblins in my life , That , on my arrival , without any delay , No , not even to wait for the grinding of the axe , My head should be chopped off .
This ’ tis to feel a tale , not to hear a tale .	This is to feel the news , not hear it .
The mighty gods defend thee !	I pray that the mighty gods defend you !
But now behold , In the quick forge and workinghouse of thought , How London doth pour out her citizens .	Now in the factory of thought , create the image of all London pouring forth into the streets .
Why did you bring these daggers from the place ?	Why did you carry these daggers out of the room ?
Sir ?	Pardon me ?
Prithee , see there !	I beg you , see there !
When it is paid , bring your true friend along .	When it ’ s paid , bring your friend back .
You are merry , my lord .	You are merry , my lord .
I did not , gentle husband , lock thee forth .	My sweet husband , I did not lock you out .
I can as well be hang 'd as tell the manner of it .	I may as well be hanged as to tell how it happened .
I ’ ll bring you to him .	I ’ ll bring you to him .
Do they grow rusty ?	Are they getting rusty ?
Ne 'er may I look on day , nor sleep on night But she tells to your Highness simple truth .	If she ’ s lying , I pray that I never sleep again at night or wake up during the day .
Rapier and dagger .	The rapier and the dagger .
Pronounce that sentence then on me , my liege .	Then lay that sentence on me too , my lord .
Speak your office .	Tell me what it ’ s about .
Away , then !	Let ’ s go , then !
Where is thy leather apron and thy rule ?	Where is your leather apron and your ruler ?
Yes , a dozen , and as many to the vantage as would store the world they played for .	Yes , a dozen ; and as many to profit as would store the world they played for .
But one cup .	Just one glass .
They will scarcely believe this without trial .	Of course , they won ’ t believe you without proof .
I know , ” quoth he , “ no house , no wife , no mistress . ” So that my errand , due unto my tongue , I thank him , I bare home upon my shoulders , For , in conclusion , he did beat me there .	I don ’ t know , ” he said , “ any house , wife , or mistress . ” My message , which was supposed to be delivered with my mouth , ended up being carried back home by my shoulders .
From seventeen years till now almost fourscore Here livèd I , but now live here no more .	From the time I was seventeen , over sixty years ago , I have lived in this house , but now I will live here no more .
How does the queen ?	How ’ s the queen ?
Say I am sick .	Tell him I ’ m sick .
Then say at once what is it thou requests .	Then hurry up and tell me what you want .
Never make known what you have seen tonight .	Don ’ t ever tell anyone what you ’ ve seen tonight .
Our care and pity is so much upon you That we remain your friend .	I have so much care and pity for you that you could call me friend .
Do you not hear him ?	He ’ s busy , can ’ t you hear him giving orders ?
Lo thee !	Look !
I pray thee , tell me then that he is well .	Then please tell me he ’ s all right .
Then , gentle brother , get you in again .	So , my sweet brother-in-law , go inside .
Your names ?	What are your names ?
In cunning I must draw my sword upon you .	I have to pretend to threaten you with my sword .
Shall I not have barely my principal ?	Shall I not have just my principal ?
He , when he hears of her , cannot refrain From the excess of laughter .	Whenever he talks about her he can ’ t stop laughing .
Your sword upon a woman ?	Your sword on a woman ?
Why then , the mustard without the beef .	How about the mustard without the beef .
You ’ ll find it otherwise , I assure you .	You ’ re wrong about that , I assure you .
He is my dear friend , an please you .	He is my dear friend , your Majesty .
Let us not leave him out .	Let ’ s not leave him out .
Come , come , let us thither .	Come , let ’ s go to the dance .
He knows not what he says , and vain it is That we present us to him .	He doesn ’ t know what he ’ s saying .
Give me leave To speak my mind , and I will through and through Cleanse the foul body of th ' infected world , If they will patiently receive my medicine .	Let me speak my mind , and I ’ ll rid the world of its sickness — if it will only tolerate my medicine .
But stay awhile .	Wait !
To him in thine own voice , and bring me word how thou findest him .	Now talk to him in your own voice , and tell me how he is .
Would thou ’ dst be ruled by me !	I wish you ’ d do what I ask !
Miranda .	Miranda — O my father !
Hang him instantly .	Hang him immediately .
Most grave Brabantio , In simple and pure soul I come to you .	Very grave Brabantio , I come to you in simple and pure soul .
Send thither to see .	Send there to see .
I beseech you , sir , pardon me .	Please , sir , I beg you .
We know each other ’ s faces ; for our hearts , He knows no more of mine than I of yours , Or I of his , my lord , than you of mine . — Lord Hastings , you and he are near in love .	We know each other ’ s faces , but as for our thoughts , he doesn ’ t know any more about my thinking than I do about yours or his — or you do about mine .
O Lord , he will hang upon him like a disease !	Oh God , Benedick will plague him like a disease !
Doth not the day break here ?	Doesn ’ t the day break here ?
Thou torturest me , Tubal : it was my turquoise : I had it of Leah , when I was a bachelor : I would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys .	You torture me , Tubal : It was my turquoise ring ; I got from Leah , my wife , when I was still single ; I wouldn ’ t have traded it for a wilderness of monkeys .
Either thou , Macbeth , Or else my sword with an unbattered edge I sheathe again undeeded .	I ’ ll either fight you , Macbeth , or else I ’ ll put down my sword unused .
You jig , you amble , and you lisp ; and nickname God 's creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance .	You dance , you walk , and you whisper and nickname animals , and make your looseness your ignorance .
Hold , my hand .	Stay , take my hand .
All the charms Of Sycorax , toads , beetles , bats , light on you !	All the charms Of Sycorax , toads , beetles , bats , fall on you !
No hope that way is Another way so high a hope that even Ambition cannot pierce a wink beyond , But doubt discovery there .	To have no hope that he is drowned is another way to have such a high hope , That even Ambition can ’ t see beyond it , But defies belief .
Give him the cup .	Give him the goblet .
True , madam .	Yes , madam , that ’ s the one .
A ship you sent me to , to hire waftage .	A ship you sent me to find , to book passage out of here .
Yet if you there Did practice on my state , your being in Egypt Might be my question .	But if you conspired against my position while you were there , I might be interested in the reason for your stay in Egypt .
Good faith , good faith , the saying did not hold In him that did object the same to thee !	Well , it certainly wasn ’ t true for Richard !
Oh , you are sick of self-love , Malvolio , and taste with a distempered appetite .	Malvolio , your vanity is damaging your good taste .
Here is thy fee .	Go ahead , you fool .
Was he not born of woman ?	Wasn ’ t he born from a woman ?
The little dogs and all , Tray , Blanch , and Sweetheart — see , they bark at me .	Look at the three little dogs , Tray , Blanch , and Sweetheart — all barking at me .
O thou public commoner !	Oh , you streetwalker !
It does , my lord .	That ’ s true , my lord .
Dost thou think Alexander looked o ' this fashion i ' the earth ?	Do you think Alexander the Great looked like this in the earth ?
Oh , villain that I am !	Oh , what a villain I am !
Thy smiles become thee well .	You ’ re so attractive when you smile .
Let me see one .	Let me see one .
Thrice the brinded cat hath mewed .	The tawny cat has meowed three times .
Now by my George , my Garter , and my crown — Profaned , dishonored , and the third usurped .	Now , by St. George , my knighthood , and my crown — The first you profaned , the second you dishonored , and the third you stole .
Shall we sound him ?	Shall we check him out ?
Ay , and truly , you were best .	Yes , and truly ; you had better answer .
We are yet but young in deed .	We ’ re still just beginners when it comes to crime .
O sweet bully Bottom !	Oh sweet bully Bottom !
For both our sakes , I would that word were true .	I wish that were true for both our sakes !
Here is the money .	Here is the money .
She speaks much of her father ; says she hears There 's tricks i ' the world , and hems , and beats her heart ; Spurns enviously at straws ; speaks things in doubt , That carry but half sense .	She speaks a lot about her father , she says she hears There are tricks in the world , and coughs , and beats her chest , Kicks enviously at nothing , says things in doubt That only make half sense .
Now ’ mongst this flock of drunkards Am I to put our Cassio in some action That may offend the isle .	Now I ’ ll get Cassio to do something in front of all these drunkards that will offend everyone on the island .
Say , how grows it due ?	For what ?
Signior Hortensio , come you to part the fray ?	Hortensio , have you come to break up the fight ?
My stomach is not constant .	My stomach ’ s a little upset .
Nay , I am sure it is , Volumnius .	No , I ’ m sure of it , Volumnius .
Why didst thou send me forth , brave Cassius ?	Why did you send me out , brave Cassius ?
God bless you , sir !	God bless you , sir !
Oh , he has given example for our flight Most grossly by his own !	Oh , with his sordid desertion , he sets the example for our own .
Tis well I am found by you .	It is good that you found me .
Go you before , and I will follow you .	You go ahead , and I will follow you .
Then how can it be said I am alone When all the world is here to look on me ?	Then how can it be said I am alone When the entire world is here to look at me ?
Seek to know no more .	Don ’ t try to find out more .
As of a man faithful and honorable .	I know you are loyal and honorable .
You have not called me so , nor have you cause .	You ’ ve never thought of me like that , and you have no reason to .
Some to the common pulpits , and cry out , “ Liberty , freedom , and enfranchisement ! ” People and senators , be not affrighted .	Some should go to the public platforms and cry out , “ Liberty , freedom , and democracy ! ” People and senators , don ’ t be afraid .
Why , gentle sweet , you shall see no such thing .	You won ’ t see anything like that , sweetheart .
Will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing ?	Will they stop pursuing the stage when they can no longer sing ?
Who is ’ t you mean ?	Who do you mean ?
You advise me well .	That ’ s good advice .
Proceed directly .	Go on ; directly .
I ’ ll stay no longer question .	I ’ m not staying here to argue anymore .
Here is a mourning Rome , a dangerous Rome , No Rome of safety for Octavius yet ; Hie hence , and tell him so .	Here is a mourning Rome , a dangerous Rome , A Rome not safe for Octavius yet ; Get going , and tell him so .
Here is the money .	Here is the money .
Till thou canst rail the seal from off my bond , Thou but offend ’ st thy lungs to speak so loud .	Unless your taunts can undo the signature on my contract , you ’ re just wearing out your lungs by speaking so loud .
Know ’ st thou Gower ?	Do you know Captain Gower ?
If this be known , Cassius or Caesar never shall turn back , For I will slay myself .	If our secret ’ s known , either Caesar or I will die , for I ’ ll kill myself .
Nay , come again , Good Kate .	No , come back , Kate .
Do you see , gentlemen ?	Do you see , gentlemen ?
So Guildenstern and Rosencrantz go to ’ t .	So Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are in for it .
Sister , you ’ ll go with us ?	Goneril , are you coming with us ?
Tomorrow , sir , I wrestle for my credit , and he that escapes me without some broken limb shall acquit him well .	Tomorrow , sir , I ’ m fighting for my reputation , and any man who gets away without a broken bone or two is an exceptional wrestler indeed .
O , a thousand , a thousand times .	O , a thousand , a thousand times .
Give you good night .	Good night to you both .
He cries for you , and vows , if he can take you , To scorch your face and to disfigure you .	He ’ s crying out for you and swears he ’ ll burn your face and disfigure you if he can get ahold of you .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
And now I have the boy , I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes .	And now that I have the boy , I ’ ll undo the spell that makes her vision so disgustingly wrong .
Have all his ventures failed ?	Have all his business ventures failed ?
Travelers ne 'er did lie , Though fools at home condemn ' em .	Travelers have never told lies , no matter what the fools at home accuse them of .
Neither to you nor any one , having no witness to confirm my speech .	Neither to you nor any one , having no witness to confirm my speech .
Well .	All right .
Then shall I bleed to death .	Then I shall bleed to death .
Why should their liberty than ours be more ?	Why should men be more free than women ?
Biondello , what of that ?	What about it ?
You do love my lord .	Yes , my lady .
I am all the daughters of my father ’ s house , And all the brothers too — and yet I know not .	I am the only daughter in my father ’ s family , and all the brothers too — but I ’ m not completely sure about that .
A good persuasion .	That ’ s the right attitude .
O , let him pass .	Let it go up to heaven .
I may not leave it so .	I can ’ t do this .
Poor heart , adieu .	Every night I ’ m awakened by his Poor dear , goodbye .
But lest my liking might too sudden seem , I would have salved it with a longer treatise .	But I didn ’ t want you to think that I ’ m hasty in my emotions .
The prayers of holy saints and wrongèd souls , Like high-reared bulwarks , stand before our faces .	The prayers of saints and those that Richard wronged support us like high-walled fortresses .
Where should I lose that handkerchief , Emilia ?	Where should I have lost that handkerchief , Emilia ?
Have you no wit , manners , nor honesty but to gabble like tinkers at this time of night ?	Are you making all this noise at this time of night because you have no manners , or because you ’ re just stupid ?
But little .	Not much .
Longer , longer .	No , longer than that .
Let me see .	Let me see ; I ’ ll look over the inscriptions again .
Oh , bloody period !	Oh , what a bloody end to all this !
O heaven defend me !	O heaven defend me !
Sweet saint , for charity , be not so curst .	Sweet saint , for goodness ’ s sake , don ’ t be so angry .
Oh , then , what graces in my love do dwell , That he hath turned a heaven unto a hell !	But Lysander ’ s so attractive that he ’ s turned heaven into hell !
Let me not hinder , Cassius , your desires ; I 'll leave you .	Don ’ t let me hold you up , Cassius , go if you like ; I 'll leave you .
He ’ s of the color of the nutmeg .	He ’ s the color of nutmeg .
Madam , I swear I use no art at all .	Madam , I swear I use no clever words at all .
ah , fie !	O for shame !
I had rather than forty pound I were at home .	I ’ d give forty pounds to be safe at home right now .
I think she stirs again .	I think she moves again .
When went there by an age , since the great flood , But it was famed with more than with one man ?	When was there ever an age , since the beginning of time , that didn ’ t feature more than one famous man ?
She is damn 'd for it .	She is damned for it .
What was the last cry for ?	What was the last cry for ?
The Jove of power make me most weak , most weak , Your reconciler !	May the god of power make me , the weakest of the weak , your mediator .
It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .	You feel love because you feel lust and you have no willpower .
Look where he comes .	Look , here he comes .
How !	What do you mean ?
Why art thou angry ?	Why are you enraged ?
Nay , pray you throw none away .	No , don ’ t throw any of it away .
How may that be ?	How can that be ?
Upon what bargain do you give it me ?	Why are you doing this ?
Run away , I pray you !	Run away , I beg you !
Some tender money to me ; some invite me ; Some other give me thanks for kindnesses ; Some offer me commodities to buy .	Some of them give me money , some invite me places , some thank me for the kind things I ’ ve done for them , some try to sell me things .
Tis not the king that sends you to the Tower .	The king isn ’ t the one sending you to the Tower , Clarence .
My liege , They are not yet come back .	My king , they haven ’ t come back yet .
Where should they be set else ?	Where else should his eyes be , if not in his head ?
I pray you , let it stand .	Please , leave it here .
Antony Did tell me of you , bade me trust you , but I do not greatly care to be deceived , That have no use for trusting .	But I don ’ t worry about being deceived because I don ’ t need to trust .
My dukedom since you have given me again , I will requite you with as good a thing ; At least bring forth a wonder to content ye As much as me my dukedom .	Since you have given me my dukedom again , I will repay you with just as good a thing ; At least bring out a wonder , to make you as happy As I am to have my dukedom .
So is the dearest o ' th ' loss .	And the greatest sorrow is mine too .
How dost thou , Guildenstern ?	How are you , Guildenstern ?
Good friends , sweet friends , let me not stir you up To such a sudden flood of mutiny .	Good friends , sweet friends , don ’ t let me stir you up To such a sudden flood of rebellion .
O , the kindest Kate !	Darling Kate !
So , good night unto you all .	So , good night to you all .
For shame , put on your gown .	Your heart ’ s going to break .
See , and then speak yourselves .	Go look and then do the talking yourselves .
Here ’ s that shall drive some of them to a noncome .	We ’ ll drive them to a
The duke of Gloucester , to whom the order of the siege is given , is altogether directed by an Irishman , a very valiant gentleman , i ' faith .	The duke of Gloucester , who has command over the siege , is in consultation with an Irishman , a very valiant gentleman indeed .
That were a kind of bastard hope , indeed ; so , the sins of my mother should be visited upon me .	That ’ s a kind of bastard hope indeed ; so the sins of my mother should be laid on me .
All hell shall stir for this .	There ’ ll be hell to pay for this .
My comfort is that old age , that ill layer-up of beauty , can do no more spoil upon my face .	My comfort is that old age , that poor preserver of beauty , can ’ t make my face any worse than it already is .
Confined together In the same fashion as you gave in charge , Just as you left them , all prisoners , sir , In the line grove which weather-fends your cell .	All cooped up together , just as you ordered , all imprisoned in the grove of linden trees that protects your room from bad weather .
By what ?	How ?
Come , let me wipe thy face .	Come , let me wipe your face .
But there is , sir , an eyrie of children , little eyases , that cry out on the top of question and are most tyrannically clapped for ’ t .	The problem is that they have to compete with a group of children who yell out their lines and receive outrageous applause for it .
Twill be heavier soon by the weight of a man .	It will be made even heavier soon — by the weight of a man .
Bring her to try wi ' th ' main course .	Let the ship sail close to the wind .
Never — O fault ! — revealed myself unto him Until some half-hour past , when I was armed .	I never — oh , what a mistake ! — revealed myself to him until half an hour ago , when I was in my armor .
Michael Cassio , Lieutenant to the warlike Moor Othello , Is come on shore .	Michael Cassio , lieutenant of the Moor Othello , has arrived on shore .
I am sorry for thee .	I feel sorry for you .
Thou canst compel no more than she entreat .	You can ’ t force me any more than Hermia can beg me .
Perdition catch my soul , But I do love thee !	Destruction take my soul , But I do love you !
Help , help , ho !	Help , help , ho !
Twas this flesh begot Those pelican daughters .	I ’ m the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters .
O Antony , beg not your death of us !	O Antony , don ’ t beg your death from us !
Alas , what cry is that ?	Alas , what cry is that ?
That way the noise is .	The noise is that way .
She false with Cassio ?	She unfaithful with Cassio !
Never at quiet .	Never a moment of peace !
Return you to my sister .	Go back to my sister ’ s .
He tells me flatly there is no mercy for me in heaven because I am a Jew ’ s daughter , and he says you are no good member of the commonwealth , for in converting Jews to Christians you raise the price of pork .	He says I won ’ t get into heaven because I ’ m a Jew ’ s daughter , and he says you ’ re irresponsible because by converting Jews to Christianity you ’ re raising the price of pork .
Why , do not your courtier ’ s hands sweat ?	What , don ’ t courtiers ' hands sweat ?
For se offendendo ; it cannot be else .	It can ’ t be anything else .
Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .	Revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .
It will not let you eat , nor talk , nor sleep , And , could it work so much upon your shape As it hath much prevail 'd on your condition , I should not know you , Brutus .	It won ’ t let you eat , or talk , or sleep ; And , if it could affect your face and body So much that it conquers your spirit , I shouldn ’ t know you , Brutus .
It was the very day that young Hamlet was born — he that is mad , and sent into England .	It was the very day that young Hamlet was born , he that is crazy and sent into England .
Do not break off so , For we may pity though not pardon thee .	For we may take pity on you , even if we can ’ t pardon you .
I humbly thank you for 't .	I humbly thank you for it .
Give the word , ho , and stand .	Pass on the command to halt !
Let ’ s hear him , for the things he speaks may concern Caesar .	Let ’ s listen to him .
You did .	You did .
Twere best he speak no harm of Brutus here .	He ’ d better not speak badly of Brutus here .
She is stirring , sir .	CASSIO She ’ s awake , sir .
What do you call the play ?	What ’ s the name of the play ?
Look in upon me then , and speak with me , Or , naked as I am , I will assault thee .	Look in on me then , and speak with me , Or , naked as I am , I will attack you .
Our enemies have beat us to the pit .	Our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave .
Are you a married man or a bachelor ?	Are you a married man or a bachelor ?
Here comes another troop to seek for you .	Here comes another group to see for you .
Go therefore , tell thy master : here I am .	Anyway , go tell your master I am here .
How sometimes his replies are !	How full of meaning his replies sometimes are !
To the gates of Tartar , thou most excellent devil of wit !	I ’ d follow you to the gates of Hell , you sneaky little devil !
Be you constant in the accusation , and my cunning shall not shame me .	If you make the accusation convincingly , then my cunning won ’ t fail me .
Think yourself a baby , That you have ta 'en these tenders for true pay , Which are not sterling .	Think that you are a baby , That you have taken these offers for true love , Which are not true offers .
Where remains he ?	Where is he staying ?
We will ourselves provide .	We ’ ll take care of it .
I do beseech you To understand my purposes aright .	I ’ m asking you to understand my point of view .
Bring forth men-children only , For thy undaunted mettle should compose Nothing but males .	May you only give birth to male children , because your fearless spirit should create nothing that isn ’ t masculine .
Brutus and Caesar — what should be in that “ Caesar ” ?	Brutus ” and “ Caesar . ” What ’ s so special about “ Caesar ” ?
Sir , would she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me , You ’ ll have enough .	If she gave you as much lip as she gives me , you ’ d be sick of her by now .
What do I see on thee ?	What have you got on your head ?
to Sebastian &ket; If but one of his pockets could speak , &bra; to Sebastian &ket; If but one of his pockets could speak , would it not say he lies ?	If only one of his pockets could speak , wouldn ’ t it say he lies ?
Against my soul ’ s pure truth why labour you To make it wander in an unknown field ?	Why would you have me betray the truth of my emotions and make my love wander in some other direction ?
But , hold thee , take this garland on thy brow .	But let me place this wreath on your head .
Seyton !	Seyton !
Hero itself can blot out Hero ’ s virtue .	You ’ ve stained your virtue with your own actions .
What means your lordship ?	My lord , what are you talking about ?
This moral ties me over to time and a hot summer .	So you ’ re telling me to give it time and wait for summer .
Say what you will , sir , but I know what I know .	Say what you want , but I know what I know .
Tis a wonder , by your leave , she will be tamed so .	It ’ s amazing , if I may say so , that she let herself be tamed .
O Hamlet , speak no more !	O Hamlet , don ’ t say anything else .
What , has his daughters brought him to this pass ? — Couldst thou save nothing ?	Have his daughters made him crazy like this ? — Couldn ’ t you have kept something for yourself ?
Come for the third , Laertes !	Come , for the third , Laertes .
Some to Ligarius ' .	Some to Ligarius ’ s .
For if but once thou show me thy grey light , I 'll find Demetrius , and revenge this spite .	Because , even if you only shine your grey light one time , I 'll find Demetrius , and revenge this spite .
Do you see nothing there ?	Do you see nothing there ?
Thou art not by mine eye , Lysander , found .	I couldn ’ t see you , Lysander , but I heard your voice , and that ’ s how I found you .
Madam , how like you this play ?	Madam , how like you this play ?
Believe not so .	Don ’ t believe in this .
What 's best to do ?	What 's best to do ?
O sweet bully Bottom !	Oh that great , funny guy , Bottom !
I pray you , remember the porter .	I beg you , remember the porter .
For your desire to know what is between us O 'ermaster 't as you may .	As for your desire to know what happened between us , Control it the best you can .
Madam , do you .	You talk to him , ma 'am .
Sir , he may live .	Sir , he may still be alive .
Francis Flute , the bellows-mender ?	Francis Flute , the bellows-repairman ?
Hear me , for I will speak .	Listen to me , for I have something to tell you .
So is it , if thou knew 'st our purposes .	So it is , if you knew our reasons .
And are not you my husband ?	And you ’ re my husband , right ?
My lord , fair Helen told me of their stealth , Of this their purpose hither to this wood ; And I in fury hither followed them , Fair Helena in fancy following me .	My lord , fair Helena told me of their running away , And why they ran here to this forest ; And in fury , I followed them here , Fair Helena , in love , following me .
Urge me no more , I shall forget myself .	Don ’ t provoke me any further or I ’ ll forget to restrain myself .
Though the nature of our quarrel yet never brooked parle , know now upon advice , it toucheth us both , that we may yet again have access to our fair mistress and be happy rivals in Bianca ’ s love , to labor and effect one thing specially .	That is , if we ever want to return to being rivals for Bianca ’ s love .
Sir , know you this glove ?	Sir , do you recognize this glove ?
I ’ ll about And drive away the vulgar from the streets .	I ’ ll walk around and force the commoners off the streets .
I prithee , peace .	Please be quiet .
Welcome , Iago .	Hello , Iago .
Give me your blessing .	Give me your blessing .
We have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth .	We have And one of them is the criminal Deformed .
Yes , by Saint Anne , and ginger shall be hot i ' the mouth too .	They certainly will .
For my uncle is King of Denmark , and those that would make mouths at him while my father lived give twenty , forty , fifty , a hundred ducats apiece for his picture in little .	My uncle is king of Denmark , and the same people who made fun of him while my father was still alive are now rushing to pay twenty , forty , fifty , a hundred ducats apiece for miniature portraits of him .
Put them to motion .	Please go inside .
That 's two of his weapons .	That 's two of his weapons .
Past question , for thou seest it will not curl by nature .	Oh , no question — it won ’ t style itself .
In time we hate that which we often fear .	We come to hate that which controls us .
Myself , he , and my sister Today did dine together .	I ate with him and my sister .
Fie , Fie , lieutenant , You ’ ll be ashamed for ever .	You ’ ll be ashamed of this forever !
I am sick in displeasure to him , and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine .	I hate him so much it makes me sick , and whoever can ruin his happiness will make me happy .
Hark , hark !	Listen !
My reputation , Iago , my reputation !	Oh , my reputation , Iago , my reputation !
Nothing but to show you how a king may go a progress through the guts of a beggar .	Nothing but to show you how a king may progress through the guts of a beggar .
Their aunt I am in law , in love their mother .	I am their aunt , and I love them like a mother .
Let the trumpet sound .	Blow the trumpets .
Very many , men and women too .	Many people , men and women alike .
Thou shalt find That I ’ ll resume the shape which thou dost think I have cast off for ever .	And then you ’ ll see that despite what you thought , I ’ ll be as powerful as I was before .
More , more , I prithee , more .	More , more , please , more .
I ’ the name of truth , Are ye fantastical or that indeed Which outwardly ye show ?	In the name of truth , Are you fantastic beings or indeed what You look like ?
One of them showed me a ring , that he had of your daughter for a monkey .	One of them showed me a ring that he accepted from your daughter as payment for a monkey .
His forward voice now is to speak well of his friend ; his backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract .	His forward voice now is speaking well of his friend ; his backward voice is uttering dirty speeches and insults .
Leave me , Iago .	Leave me alone now , Iago .
If it be , Why seems it so particular with thee ?	If that ’ s the way it goes , Why does it seem unusual with you ?
The revelers are entering , brother .	The partygoers have arrived .
And mine , with my heart in 't , and now farewell Till half an hour hence .	And mine , with my heart in it : and now goodbye Until half an hour later .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
How fares our cousin , noble Lord of York ?	How ’ s my nephew doing , noble lord of York ?
What is thy news then ?	What is your news ?
The matter ?	What is it ?
The foul practice Hath turn 'd itself on me .	The evil deed Has turned itself on me .
She is never sad but when she sleeps , and not ever sad then , for I have heard my daughter say she hath often dreamed of unhappiness and waked herself with laughing .	She ’ s only sad when she sleeps — and not even then .
A soldier , and afeard ?	A soldier , and afeard ?
A drum , a drum !	A drum , a drum !
Zounds , that 's fulsome !	that 's sickening .
O perdurable shame !	O , everlasting shame !
Coward , why com 'st thou not ?	Coward , why don ’ t you come ?
Signor Benedick !	Signior Benedick !
I cannot believe that in her ; she 's full of most blest condition .	I cannot believe that in her ; she is full of very blessed qualities .
This week he hath been heavy , sour , sad , And much different from the man he was .	This week he was sad , moody , and depressed and very different from his usual self .
How appears the fight ?	How goes the battle ?
I arrest thee of high treason , by the name of Henry , Lord Scroop of Masham .	Henry Lord Scroop of Masham , I arrest you for high treason .
Flout ’ em and scout ’ em , And scout ’ em and flout ’ em Thought is free .	Flout them and scout them ; and scout them and flout them : Thought is free .
Are all thy conquests , glories , triumphs , spoils , Shrunk to this little measure ?	Have all your conquests , glories , triumphs , achievements , come to so little ?
Meseemeth good that with some little train Forthwith from Ludlow the young prince be fet Hither to London , to be crowned our king .	I think a few members of the court should fetch the young prince from Wales and bring him to London to be crowned our king .
His name is Balthazar .	His name is Balthazar .
Thou ’ st spoken right .	You ’ re right .
Help me hence , ho !	Help me here , hello !
How goes the world with thee ?	How ’ s it going ?
Nor you , as we are , loyal .	And you ’ re not loyal , like us .
I know no touch of it , my lord .	I have no idea how .
Lower , lower !	Lower , lower !
wherefore ?	Why ?
I have yet Room for six scotches more .	I still have room for six more wounds .
Mark well Metellus Cimber .	Pay attention to Metellus Cimber .
Breathe Merriman , the poor cur is embossed , And couple Clowder with the deep-mouthed brach .	Let Merriman catch his breath — the poor dog ’ s foaming at the mouth .
Ha , what sayest thou ?	What are you saying ?
More than pertains to feats of broils and battle , And therefore little shall I grace my cause In speaking for myself .	I ’ m awkward in my speech and I ’ m not a smooth talker .
Or blessèd was 't we did ?	Or was it a blessing that we did ?
Come , sirs .	Come , everyone .
And I , my royal sovereign .	And me , too , my royal sovereign .
Tis a good silling , I warrant you , or I will change it .	It ’ s a good shilling , I promise you .
Well , well , well — Pray God it be , sir .	Well , well , well , Pray God it be , sir .
Thou losest labor .	You ’ re wasting your efforts .
Kill men i ' the dark !	Kill men in the dark !
Who can control his fate ?	Who can control his fate ?
The sight whereof I think you had from me , From Claudio and the Prince .	And those eyes were endowed with sight by Claudio , the Prince , and me .
This kindness will I show .	I ’ ll show you how kind I am .
Is Caesar yet gone to the Capitol ?	Has Caesar gone to the Capitol ?
Sir , most heedfully .	Sir , very carefully .
What wouldst thou have , Laertes ?	What would you ask , Laertes ?
I loved him , friend — No father his son dearer .	I loved him , as much as any father ever loved his son .
What conquest brings he home ?	What conquest does he bring home ?
Not so , sir , I do care for something .	You ’ re wrong , sir , I do care about something .
I do not well understand that .	I don ’ t really understand what you mean .
Welcome , Publius .	Welcome , Publius .
Yet here , Laertes ?	You ’ re still here , Laertes !
Go to .	Oh , come on .
If he fail of that , He will have other means to cut you off .	And if he fails at that , he will find other ways to kill you .
Therefore my son i ' th ' ooze is bedded , and I ’ ll seek him deeper than e 'er plummet sounded And with him there lie mudded .	I ’ ll go join him there , going down deeper than any anchor ever sank , and lie with him dead in the mud .
Hearts , tongues , figures , scribes , bards , poets , cannot Think , speak , cast , write , sing , number — hoo ! — His love to Antony .	Hearts cannot think it , tongues cannot speak it , meas-urements cannot calculate it , scribes cannot write it , bards cannot sing it , and poets cannot make verses about it .
Let it work , For ’ tis the sport to have the engineer Hoist with his own petard .	I ’ ve gotten it dirty — ashes to ashes , and dust to dust .
For the which , as I told you , Antonio shall be bound .	As I said before , Antonio will guarantee the loan .
Give to a gracious message An host of tongues , but let ill tidings tell Themselves when they be felt .	You can give good news in many ways , but let bad news interpret itself as you tell it .
Break we our watch up ; and by my advice Let us impart what we have seen tonight Unto young Hamlet ; for , upon my life , This spirit , dumb to us , will speak to him .	Let ’ s break up our watch , and I think We should tell all we have seen tonight To young Hamlet , for , I swear on my life , This spirit , silent to us , will speak to him .
What ’ s done is done .	What ’ s done is done .
Mercy , mercy !	Mercy , mercy !
I dreamt last night of the three weird sisters : To you they have showed some truth .	I had a dream last night about the three witches .
The Jew shall have my flesh , blood , bones and all , Ere thou shalt lose for me one drop of blood .	I ’ ll give the Jew my flesh , blood , bones , and everything before you lose one drop of blood for me .
And for the more better assurance , tell them that I , Pyramus , am not Pyramus , but Bottom the weaver .	And to make it even clearer , we can tell them that I ’ m playing Pyramus but I ’ m not really Pyramus — really , I ’ m Bottom the weaver .
Two of both kinds make up four .	Two of both kinds makes four .
Where is Malvolio ?	Where is Malvolio ?
Ay , what else ?	Yes , certainly .
I do not think there is any such woman .	I don ’ t think any woman like that exists .
You have obtained it .	Anything .
It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .	It is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .
Iago , who began 't ?	Iago , who started it ?
I remember thine eyes well enough .	I remember your eyes quite well .
Good morrow , good Lieutenant .	Even for a Good morning , lieutenant .
We 'll leave you , Brutus , And , friends , disperse yourselves , but all remember What you have said and show yourselves true Romans .	We 'll leave you , Brutus ; — And , friends , scatter yourselves , but all remember What you ’ ve said , and show yourselves to be true Romans .
By heaven , I do not , I do not , gentlemen . — O murderous coxcomb !	I swear I ’ m not lying .
Their battles are at hand ; They mean to warn us at Philippi here , Answering before we do demand of them .	They mean to warn us here at Philippi , Answering us before we demand answers of them .
O mistress , villainy hath made mocks with love !	O mistress , villainy has made fun with love !
How ' gree you now ?	How are you ?
He that keeps nor crust nor crumb , Weary of all , shall want some .	The man who gives away his crust and his crumbs Will discover that he needs some crumbs back .
I must go in .	I must go in .
Now , by this hand , I swear , I scorn the term , Nor shall my Nell keep lodgers .	I swear , I scorn the word .
This guest of summer , The temple-haunting martlet , does approve , By his loved mansionry , that the heaven ’ s breath Smells wooingly here .	The fact that this summer bird , the house martin , builds his nests here proves how inviting the breezes are .
Shall Caesar send a lie ?	Shall Caesar send a lie ?
Rather on Nilus ’ mud Lay me stark naked and let the waterflies Blow me into abhorring .	I ’ d rather lie in the Nile mud with flies laying their eggs in me , making me disgusting .
I thank thee , good Sir John , with all my heart .	I thank you , Sir John , with all my heart .
Beatrice — In faith , I will go .	Beatrice — I swear , I ’ m going .
I ’ ll cross it though it blast me . — Stay , illusion !	I ’ ll meet it if it ’ s the last thing I do .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
Be as ourself in Denmark . — Madam , come .	Let ’ s follow him , Gertrude .
Yea , Signior , and depart when you bid me .	Yes , sir , and I ’ ll leave when you ask me to .
Thus I conceive by him .	That ’ s what I conceive of him .
It is impossible .	It ’ s impossible .
Unmerciful lady as you are , I ’ m none .	I ’ m not a traitor , unfair lady .
How cheer 'st thou , Jessica ?	How are you , Jessica ?
By this leek , I will most horribly revenge .	By this leek , I swear I ’ ll make you pay for this .
Marry , this is miching	This means we ’ re having some mischievous fun .
I am old now , And these same crosses spoil me .	But I ’ m old now , and suffering has weakened me .
Juno and Ceres whisper seriously .	Juno and Ceres are whispering about something serious .
I am unfortunate in the infirmity , and dare not task my weakness with any more .	I am unfortunate in the handicap , and dare not tempt my weakness with any more wine .
In happy time .	Right on cue .
A south-west blow on ye And blister you all o 'er !	A south-west wind blow on you , And blister you all over !
O good Sir Toby , hold !	Oh , Sir Toby , stop !
Know you where you are , sir ?	When did I Do you know where you are , sir ?
When these mutualities so marshal the way , hard at hand comes the master and main exercise , the incorporate conclusion .	When these mutual things lead the way , the teacher and the main exercise follow close behind , to the obvious conclusion .
Upon the stroke of ten .	It ’ s almost ten o 'clock .
Since the youth will not be entreated , his own peril on his forwardness .	Since the youth won ’ t be reasoned with , he ’ ll have to suffer for his stubbornness .
Alack , what noise is this ?	What ’ s that noise ?
But how , my lord , shall we resist it now ?	But how will we keep it from being passed now , my lord ?
I am not valiant neither , But every puny whipster gets my sword .	I am not valiant either , But every puny man with a whip gets my sword .
Or sleep I now and think I hear all this ?	Or am I asleep now and imagining all this ?
Come , Friar Francis , be brief , only to the plain form of marriage , and you shall recount their particular duties afterwards .	All right , Friar Francis , let ’ s keep this short .
Post-post-haste , dispatch .	Hurry .
Nathaniel ’ s coat , sir , was not fully made , And Gabriel ’ s pumps were all unpinked i ' th ' heel .	Nathaniel ’ s coat was being fixed , sir .
Oh , damn her , damn her !	Oh , damn her , damn her !
I leave him to your gracious acceptance , whose trial shall better publish his commendation . ” You hear the learned Bellario , what he writes .	I leave him to you .
To the vales , And hold our best advantage .	Let ’ s take up the best positions we can in the valleys .
Well , madam , and in health .	He ’ s fine and healthy , madam .
They are friends , Ratcliffe and Lovell .	They ’ re friends — Ratcliffe and Lovell .
How now , brother Edmund ?	Hello , brother Edmund .
Ay , go your ways , go your ways .	Oh , go , leave me .
Come , my fair Cordelia .	Come with me , my dear Cordelia .
I ’ ll catch it ere it come to ground .	I ’ ll catch it before it falls to the ground .
I will not trust you , I ; Nor longer stay in your curst company .	I will not trust you , I won ’ t ; And I ’ ll stay in your cursed company no longer .
I know not how to pray your patience , Yet I must speak .	I don ’ t know how to ask you for forgiveness , but I have to say something .
Take a trumpet , herald .	Take a trumpet , herald .
Thou art the ruins of the noblest man That ever lived in the tide of times .	You ’ re the ruins of the noblest man That ever lived in the tide of times .
I have heard more since .	Now I know better .
A heavy summons lies like lead upon me , And yet I would not sleep .	I ’ m tired and feeling heavy , but I can ’ t sleep .
Say , what abridgment have you for this evening ?	Say , what entertainment do you have for this evening ?
Lord , ” quoth he ?	Lord , ” he calls you ?
Nay , but the devil take mocking .	Damn you for mocking me .
By sea , what else ?	What else ?
Then would to Heaven that I had never seen ’ t !	I wish I had never seen it !
Lucilius and Titinius , bid the commanders Prepare to lodge their companies tonight .	Lucilius and Titinius , ask the commanders to Prepare to pitch tents for their troops tonight .
This naughty man Shall face to face be brought to Margaret , Who I believe was packed in all this wrong , Hired to it by your brother .	This wicked man will be brought face to face with Margaret , who I believe was hired by Don John to take part in this plot .
No ?	No ?
I shall .	I shall .
And know it now : the senate have concluded To give this day a crown to mighty Caesar .	The senate has decided to give mighty Caesar a crown today .
O wonderful , wonderful , and most wonderful wonderful , and yet again wonderful , and after that , out of all whooping !	Oh , this is wonderful , wonderful — just wonderful wonderful !
By mine honor I will , and when I break that oath , let me turn monster .	I swear I will , and if I ever break my promise let me turn into a monster .
Therefore is it most expedient for the wise , if Don Worm , his conscience , find no impediment to the contrary , to be the trumpet of his own virtues , as I am to myself .	That ’ s why it ’ s better for wise men to trumpet their own virtues , like I do .
Then stand with us .	Then stand with us .
Thou poisonous slave , got by the devil himself Upon thy wicked dam , come forth !	You poisonous slave , fathered by the devil himself Through your wicked mother , come out !
Zounds , sir , you are one of those that will not serve God , if the devil bid you .	Zounds , sir , you are one of those who wouldn ’ t serve God if the devil asked you to .
Right true it is your son Lucentio here Doth love my daughter and she loveth him , Or both dissemble deeply their affections .	It ’ s true that your son Lucentio here loves my daughter , and she loves him — or else they ’ re putting on quite an act .
That a woman conceived me , I thank her .	I was conceived by a woman , and I thank her very much for all her effort .
Good duke , receive thy daughter .	Good duke , come receive your daughter .
Fellow , I know thee .	Ah , but I know you .
I ’ ll have no speaking .	I ’ m not talking with you .
I ’ ll bring my wood home faster .	I promise I ’ ll carry the wood faster .
Oh , ominous !	Oh , that ’ s ominous !
At land , thou know ’ st How much we do o ’ ercount thee .	Yes , on land you do outnumber me .
The basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of Hermes .	The lowest part of his hoof is more musical than Pan ’ s pipe .
By Jupiter , This shall not be revoked .	I swear by Jupiter I ’ ll never revoke this punishment .
How now , Roderigo !	Hey , Roderigo !
So Fulvia told me .	That ’ s what Fulvia told me .
Nay , faith , let not me play a woman ; I have a beard coming .	No , please , don ’ t let me play a woman ; I have a beard starting t o grow .
Ay , madam .	Yes , ma 'am .
Make her amends , she weeps .	She ’ s crying .
Not to be endured .	Follow them straight to the cottage .
Whither indeed , before thy here-approach , Old Siward , with ten thousand warlike men , Already at a point , was setting forth .	Indeed , before you arrived here , old Siward , with ten thousand soldiers already prepared for battle , was making his way here .
Ill will never said well .	Ill will never prompted anything well said .
Here , wear this jewel for me .	Here , take this piece of jewelry .
When I was with him I have heard him swear To Tubal and to Chus , his countrymen , That he would rather have Antonio ’ s flesh Than twenty times the value of the sum That he did owe him .	When I was still living with him I heard him swear to Tubal and Cush , his countrymen , that he ’ d rather have Antonio ’ s flesh than twenty times the sum Antonio owed .
Tis he .	It ’ s him !
I ’ ll be at thy elbow .	I ’ ll be right next to you .
Your castle is surprised ; your wife and babes Savagely slaughter 'd .	Your wife and babies Savagely slaughtered .
Take no offense that I would not offend you .	Please don ’ t be offended that I don ’ t want to offend you any more .
Brutus hath rived my heart .	You have broken my heart .
We ’ ll no more meet , no more see one another .	We ’ ll never see each other again .
Now I perceive they have conjoin 'd all three To fashion this false sport , in spite of me .	Now I see that all three have gotten together To design this false joke in spite of me .
So is Lysander .	So is Lysander .
Thou hast taken against me a most just exception , but yet I protest I have dealt most directly in thy affair .	Your complaint against me is perfectly understandable , but I still insist I ’ ve done everything I could to help you .
Good morrow , neighbor Gremio . — God save you , gentlemen !	Good morning , neighbor Gremio .
And there is a forerunner come from a fifth , the Prince of Morocco , who brings word the prince his master will be here tonight .	And there ’ s a messenger representing a fifth one , the prince of Morocco , who says the prince will be here tonight .
My industrious servant , Ariel !	My hard-working servant , Ariel !
But hush , no more .	But shhh !
And I have met a gentleman Hath promised me to help me to another , A fine musician to instruct our mistress .	And I have met a gentleman who promises to help me find a good music tutor to instruct our lady love .
Follow not ; I 'll have no speaking ; I will have my bond .	Don ’ t follow ; I won ’ t put up with your speaking ; I ’ ll have my promise to pay .
Make forth .	Go forward .
O my soul 's joy !	O my soul 's joy !
Good time of day unto my gracious lord .	Good afternoon , my dear lord !
I would exult , man .	I ’ ll be thrilled .
Worthily spoken , Maecenas .	Well put , Maecenas .
Oh , my daughter !	Oh , my daughter !
What is between you ?	What is going on between you ?
Well , my good lord , I ’ ll do ’ t .	I will , my lord .
It is a pretty youth — not very pretty — But sure he ’ s proud — and yet his pride becomes him .	He ’ s awfully proud , but his pride suits him .
By heaven , you do me wrong .	By heaven , you do me wrong .
Who does i ’ th ’ wars more than his captain can Becomes his captain ’ s captain ; and ambition , The soldier ’ s virtue , rather makes choice of loss Than gain which darkens him .	A man who achieves more in war than his captain does becomes his captain ’ s rival .
Report is changeable .	You can ’ t trust all the rumors .
It is almost morning , And yet , I am sure , you are not satisfied Of these events at full .	It is almost morning , And I am still sure you are not totally satisfied About these events full .
His discretion , I am sure , cannot carry his valour ; for the goose carries not the fox .	His secret-keeping , I am sure , cannot carry his courage , because the goose cannot carry the fox .
Antony , Leave thy lascivious wassails .	Antony , it ’ s time to stop your wild hedonism .
He tells me , my dear Gertrude , he hath found The head and source of all your son 's distemper .	He tells me , my sweet queen , he has found The head and source of all your son 's unhappiness .
I mean not cuckold mad , But sure he is stark mad .	I don ’ t mean he ’ s
My lord .	My lord .
Caesar , I shall .	I will , Caesar .
Hence , Mardian , And bring me how he takes my death .	Go , Mardian , and let me know how he reacts to my death .
In mine ignorance Your skill shall , like a star i ' the darkest night , Stick fiery off indeed .	In my ignorance , Your skill shall , like a star in the darkest night , be shown to its fiery advantage indeed .
Why dost thou call him “ knave ” ?	Why are you calling him a jerk ?
If thou and nature can so gently part , The stroke of death is as a lover ’ s pinch , Which hurts , and is desired .	If you can leave your body so easily , then the touch of death is like a lover ’ s pinch , which hurts but is desired .
Is there any way to show such friendship ?	Is there any way I could show such friendship to you ?
I thank your lordship .	No thank you , my lord .
We 'll wait upon you .	We 'll wait upon you .
Bid farewell to your sisters .	Say goodbye to your sisters .
But I prattle Something too wildly , and my father 's precepts I therein do forget .	But I jabber on A little too wildly , and there I am forgetting My father 's lessons .
Is he gone ?	He ’ s gone ?
Iago ?	Iago ?
If ’ twere not she , I cannot tell who told me .	Well , if it wasn ’ t her , I don ’ t know .
To thine own peace .	Only to your own satisfaction .
What services canst thou do ?	What work can you do ?
Our fears in Banquo Stick deep , and in his royalty of nature Reigns that which would be feared .	I ’ m very afraid of Banquo .
O earth !	And earth !
Adieu .	Adieu .
Whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend .	Whom you swore you would protect and defend .
I see the jewel best enamelèd Will lose his beauty .	Even the best jewel can be tarnished .
My husband then ?	My husband , then ?
O young and noble Cato , art thou down ?	O young and noble Cato , are you down ?
Please it your Grace lead on ?	If it pleases you , your highness , will you lead us all inside ?
The text is foolish .	Your words are idiotic .
Villain , be sure thou prove my love a whore ; Be sure of it .	Villain , be sure you prove my love a whore ; Be sure of it .
Amen , amen , to that fair prayer say I ; And then end life when I end loyalty !	Amen , amen , I say to that fair prayer , And then my life end when I end loyalty !
It is “ never tire . ” Oh .	It ’ s “ never get tired . ” Oh !
Help , ho !	Help !
Let them not live to taste this land ’ s increase , That would with treason wound this fair land ’ s peace .	Let those who would mar this fair land ’ s peace with treason die before they can enjoy its wealth .
This casket threatens : Men that hazard all Do it in hope of fair advantages : A golden mind stoops not to shows of dross ; I 'll then nor give , nor hazard , aught for lead .	This chest threatens ; men that gamble everything Do it in hope of a better advantage : A golden mind doesn ’ t stoop to shows of scum ; Then I won ’ t give or gamble anything for lead .
Being done unknown , I should have found it afterwards well done , But must condemn it now .	But now I must condemn it .
To the health of our general !	To the health of our general !
Now , as thou lovest me , let me see his letter .	If you ’ re my friend , you ’ ll let me see his letter .
O !	O !
Nor have I seen More that I may call men than you , good friend , And my dear father .	And I ’ ve never met any men besides you and my father .
Cesario , come , For so you shall be , while you are a man .	Cesario , come here .
Grace grow where those drops fall !	Those tears will bring blessings to you .
Approach .	Come over here .
Play the men .	Make these men work .
Serve God , love me , and mend .	Have faith , love me , and you will get better .
Go , leave me .	Now go , leave me .
If not , I ’ ll die your maid .	Otherwise , I ’ ll die a virgin , devoted to you .
But are not some whole that we must make sick ?	But aren ’ t some well that we must make sick ?
Tis certain so , the Prince woos for himself .	Of course the Prince wants Hero for himself .
Yet thou liest in the bleak air .	But you ’ re lying out in the cold .
Not th ’ imperious show Of the full-fortuned Caesar ever shall Be brooched with me .	I will never be exhibited as lucky Caesar ’ s prize .
This is a stem Of that victorious stock , and let us fear The native mightiness and fate of him .	This king is a branch of that same victorious stock .
I would not change it .	Come , shall we hunt some deer for dinner ?
No , not a whit .	No , not a bit .
I am never merry when I hear sweet music .	I am never happy when I hear sweet music .
As a friend .	As a friend .
Now have I done a good day ’ s work .	Now I ’ ve done a good day ’ s work .
Welcome , wanderer .	Welcome , traveler .
So , slave , hence !	So , slave : get going !
I and my bosom must debate awhile , And then I would no other company .	I need to be alone with my thoughts for a while and don ’ t want any company .
Exit Ariel &ket; &bra; Exit Ariel &ket; Awake , dear heart , awake !	Awake , dear heart , awake !
How say you , Cassio ?	What do you think about him , Cassio ?
Talk you of young Master Launcelot ?	Are you talking about young Master Launcelot ?
Shame of ladies , sisters !	Once she exclaimed , “ Sisters , sisters , shame on you !
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
I know not .	I don ’ t know .
By heaven , I will acquaint his majesty With those gross taunts that oft I have endured .	By God , I will tell the king about these taunts .
Hear a little further And then I ’ ll bring thee to the present business Which now ’ s upon ’ s , without the which this story Were most impertinent .	Just listen a little more , and I ’ ll bring you up to date about the present situation , which is the whole reason I ’ m telling you this story in the first place .
I give them with this ring , Which when you part from , lose , or give away , Let it presage the ruin of your love	With this ring I give them all to you .
Draw , you rascal .	Draw your sword , you jerk !
He brings great news .	He brings great news .
O gods , ye gods !	O gods , you gods !
But do not go with it .	But don ’ t go .
I have o 'ershot myself to tell you of it .	I ’ ve said too much in telling you of it .
But , Lepidus , go you to Caesar 's house , Fetch the will hither , and we shall determine How to cut off some charge in legacies .	But , Lepidus , go to Caesar 's house ; Go get the will here , and we shall determine How to cut off some appointments in legacies .
I am very glad of it : I 'll plague him ; I 'll torture Him ; I am glad of it .	I am very glad of it ; I 'll plague him , I 'll torture him ; I am glad of it .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Speak what we feel , not what we ought to say .	We should speak what we feel , not what we ought to say .
I believe we must leave the killing out , when all is done .	I think we ’ ll have to leave out all the killing , come to think of it .
Oh , a thousand thousand times — and then of so gentle a condition !	Oh , a thousand times worse , a thousand times — and what a sweet personality she has !
You have been nobly borne .	You were worn with honor .
Thou know ’ st the first time that we smell the air We wawl and cry .	The first time we see the world as newborns , we cry and scream .
There ’ s money for your pains .	Here ’ s some money for you .
My mind hath been as big as one of yours , My heart as great , my reason haply more , To bandy word for word and frown for frown .	My spirit has been as proud as each of yours , my courage as great , and my reason perhaps even better suited to bandy words back and forth and exchange frown for frown .
I have done no harm .	I have done no harm .
Alack , my lord , that fault is none of yours .	That ’ s not your fault !
Give me thy hand , Roderigo .	Give me your hand , Roderigo .
O Cassius , if you could But win the noble Brutus to our party — Be you content .	O Cassius , if you could only persuade The noble Brutus to join us — Don ’ t worry .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
She , dying , as it must so be maintained , Upon the instant that she was accused , Shall be lamented , pitied and excused Of every hearer .	We ’ ll maintain that she died the instant she was accused , and everyone who hears this will grieve for her , pity her , and excuse her actions .
That I beheld .	I saw that .
Prithee , be not angry .	Please don ’ t be angry .
Take in your love , and then let me alone .	Go , take your sweetheart and leave him to me .
Hark , Tranio !	Listen Tranio !
Look here upon this picture , and on this , The counterfeit presentment of two brothers .	Look here upon this picture and on this one , The representation of two brothers .
Why should she write to Edmund ?	Why would she write to Edmund ?
My mistress showed me thee and thy dog and thy bush .	My mistress showed me you in the moon and your dog and your bush .
Know you any , Hero ?	Do you know any , Hero ?
Ah , for my husband , for my dear lord Edward !	My poor husband , my dear Edward !
Tis done already , and the messenger gone .	It has been done already , and the messenger is on his way .
Treason and murder ever kept together As two yoke-devils sworn to either ’ s purpose , Working so grossly in a natural cause That admiration did not whoop at them .	All other devils who tempt people to treason patch together some motive , put together from shreds
Nay , and most like .	No , most likely .
His very genius hath taken the infection of the device , man .	He ’ s really taken this prank to heart .
Mars ’ s hot minion is returned again .	But their trick failed .
The testament !	The testament !
That is done too , sir : only , cover is the word .	That is done too , sir , only ' cover ' is the word .
Even this repays me . — We sent our schoolmaster .	This repays me .
She 's framed as fruitful As the free elements .	She 's been made as fruitful As the free elements .
Challenge me the count ’ s youth to fight with him .	Challenge the count ’ s young servant to a fight .
I take my leave at once .	I ’ m leaving now .
Kill !	Kill !
If from the field I shall return once more To kiss these lips , I will appear in blood .	If I come back from the battlefield again to kiss those lips , I ’ ll be covered in blood .
The will !	The will !
I am not married , Caesar .	It ’ s true I ’ m not married , Caesar .
This is some priory .	This looks like an abbey .
Your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex .	Your behavior is an insult to all women .
You have simply misused our sex in your love-prate .	You have absolutely abused our sex in this love talk of yours .
Now , the next day Was our sea fight , and what to this was sequent Thou know ’ st already .	The next day we had our fight at sea , and you know what happened after that .
And for an earnest of a greater honor , He bade me , from him , call thee Thane of Cawdor .	And , for as the first installment of a greater honor , He ordered me , from him , to call you Baron of Cawdor .
Monster , I will kill this man .	Monster , I ’ ll kill this man .
All is confirmed , my lord , which was reported .	All the rumors have been confirmed .
I say , by sorcery he got this isle .	I was telling you he used witchcraft to take this island .
Which they will make an obedient father .	Daughters who can make you obey them .
Brother , good night .	Good night , brother .
my lord , my lord !	my lord , my lord !
Were ’ t twenty of the greatest tributaries That do acknowledge Caesar , should I find them So saucy with the hand of she here — what ’ s her name Since she was Cleopatra ?	If I saw twenty of the greatest powers that pay tribute to Caesar taking such liberties with her hand — what ’ s her name now ?
Your dinner , and the generous islanders By you invited , do attend your presence .	Your dinner and the generous islanders You invited , wait for your presence .
Mistrust of my success hath done this deed .	Lack of trust in my success has done this deed .
Nor go neither .	Or walk either .
Who heard me to deny it or forswear it ?	Who heard me do that ?
The nature of bad news infects the teller .	The bearer of bad news is often blamed for it .
For these two hours , Rosalind , I will leave thee .	Rosalind , I have to leave you for two hours .
What say you to a piece of beef and mustard ?	What do you say to a piece of beef with mustard ?
Is there no offense in ’ t ?	Is there anything offensive in it ?
Would she were hearsed at my foot and the ducats in her coffin !	I wish she were in her coffin here , with the ducats in her coffin !
I ’ ll see no more .	Go away !
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him , I will help his ague .	If it takes all the wine in my bottle , I ’ ll cure him .
Why then , ’ tis good to be a post .	In that case it ’ s good to be a post .
And I do not doubt but to hear them say , “ It is a sweet comedy . ” No more words .	If we have sweet-smelling breath , I ’ m sure they ’ ll say “ it ’ s a sweet play . ” Now no more talking .
For the most part , too , they are foolish that are so .	Usually that means a person is foolish .
Why , he has three thousand ducats a year .	Why , he has an income of three thousand ducats a year .
Find out this villain , Edmund .	Find out what this villainous Edgar is thinking , Edmund .
Dost thou think I care for a satire or an epigram ?	You think I care what I ’ m called ?
Marry , th ' athversary was have possession of the pridge , but he is enforced to retire , and the duke of Exeter is master of the pridge .	Indeed , the enemy nearly took the bridge , but he was forced to retreat , and the duke of Exeter holds the bridge .
He has no children .	He has no children .
Up , up , and see The great doom 's image !	Go up , go up , and see The great destruction 's image !
Sir Topas , Sir Topas , good Sir Topas , go to my lady — Out , hyperbolical fiend !	Sir Topas , Sir Topas , good Sir Topas , please go find my lady Olivia — Get out , demon !
And I like Helen , till the Fates me kill .	And I ’ m like Helena , until the fates kill me .
Put on my crown .	Put on my crown .
I must leave you .	Now I must return to the wedding .
I shall laugh myself to death at this puppy-headed monster .	I ’ m going to laugh myself to death over this silly monster .
Sir , March is wasted fifteen days .	Sir , it ’ s the fifteenth day of March .
to Adrian &ket; How lush and lusty the grass looks !	How lush and lusty the grass looks !
As proper men as ever trod upon neat ’ s leather have gone upon my handiwork .	The noblest men who ever walked on leather have walked on my handiwork .
O , thou didst prophesy the time would come That I should wish for thee to help me curse That bottled spider , that foul bunch-backed toad !	Oh , you prophesied that the time would come when I would want your help in cursing that humpbacked spider , that hideous toad !
To th ’ most of men this is a Caliban , And they to him are angels .	To many men this is a Caliban , And they are angels to him .
Do the boys carry it away ?	Do the boys carry them away ?
Tis a worthy governor .	He ’ ll be a good governor .
Our son shall win .	My son will win .
Alas , my friend and my dear countryman Roderigo ?	Alas , my friend and my dear countryman Roderigo ?
Let 's withdraw , my lord .	Let 's hide , my lord .
Noses , ears , and lips .	Noses , ears , and lips .
The lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard .	The lieutenant is part of the court ’ s guard tonight .
Yes , you have seen Cassio and she together .	But you ’ ve seen her and Cassio together .
Count , take of me my daughter , and with her my fortunes .	Claudio , take my daughter , and , with her , take my fortunes .
How does Lieutenant Cassio ?	How does Lieutenant Cassio ?
Brother of Gloucester , you mistake the matter .	Brother , you ’ ve made a mistake .
The fiend gives the more friendly counsel .	The devil ’ s advice is nicer .
God grant that some , less noble and less loyal , Nearer in bloody thoughts , and not in blood , Deserve not worse than wretched Clarence did , And yet go current from suspicion .	It ’ s clear that someone less noble , less loyal , more bloody-minded than Clarence but not a blood relation , deserves as bad an end as my brother , but he goes free .
Look , if my gentle love be not raised up !	Look , my gentle love is awakened !
Let him approach .	Let him approach .
You shall , Mark Antony .	You shall do it , Mark Antony .
Dead ?	Dead ?
Though it appear a little out of fashion , There is much care and valor in this Welshman .	Though he seems a little old-fashioned , there is much care and courage in this Welshman .
Your hands , come then .	Don ’ t be shy — shake hands with me .
Hear me , for I will speak .	Listen to me , because I will speak .
mutinies , in countries discord , in palaces treason , and the bond cracked ’ twixt son and father .	break out , civil war erupts , kings are betrayed , and the bond between father and son snaps .
aside &ket; They vanished strangely .	They vanished strangely .
If it be that — If it be that , or any that was hers , It speaks against her with the other proofs .	If it ’ s the same one — If it ’ s the same one , or any one that belongs to her , then together with the other evidence it ’ s pretty strong .
Here , my lord .	Here , my lord .
Soldier , why wear ’ st thou that glove in thy cap ?	Soldier , why are you wearing that glove in your cap ?
Believe me , King of Shadows , I mistook .	Believe me , King of Illusions , I made a mistake .
I am sure you are not Launcelot , my boy .	I ’ m sure you aren ’ t Launcelot , my boy .
That ever holds .	That ’ s always true .
This courtesy , forbid thee , shall the duke Instantly know , and of that letter too .	And I ’ ll tell him about the letter too .
Our sex , as well as I , may chide you for it , Though I alone do feel the injury .	All women would be angry with you for doing it , even though I ’ m the only one who ’ s hurt by it .
What , ho !	What , ho !
This might be the pate of a politician , which this ass now o 'erreaches ; one that would circumvent God , might it not ?	This might be the head of a politician , which this ass now reaches over one that would go around God , might it not ?
Ha !	Ha !
I pity you .	I feel sorry for you .
Ere he take ship for France , and in Southampton .	shifts , friends , to Southampton .
I did not .	I didn ’ t .
Bid him levy straight The greatest strength and power that he can make And meet me suddenly at Salisbury .	Tell him to gather together the greatest army he can muster in a hurry and meet me right away at Salisbury .
I have drunk poison whiles he uttered it .	His words are like poison to me .
Not now , sweet Desdemona .	Not now , my sweet Desdemona .
What do you mean ?	What are you thinking ?
It signs well , does it not ?	It ’ s a lucky sign , isn ’ t it ?
Let her awhile be secretly kept in And publish it that she is dead indeed .	Hide her for a while in your house , and tell everyone that she has , in fact , died .
Could you on this fair mountain leave to feed , And batten on this Moor ?	Could you feed on this fair mountain , And glut yourself on this swamp ?
This quarry cries on havoc .	These corpses suggest mayhem .
We have beat him to his camp .	We ’ ve driven him all the way back to his camp .
Do you think I meant country matters ?	Did you think I was talking about sex ?
As I did stand my watch upon the hill , I looked toward Birnam , and anon methought The wood began to move .	As I was standing watch on the hill , I looked toward Birnam , and I thought I saw the forest begin to move .
A marvelous witty fellow , I assure you , but I will go about with him . — Come you hither , sirrah , a word in your ear .	He ’ s a marvelously witty fellow , no doubt , but I ’ ll outmaneuver him . — Come over here ; I ’ ll whisper a word in your ear .
Get you to bed again .	Go back to bed .
About it !	Let ’ s go !
Set on thy wife to observe .	Tell your wife to watch her .
Within this hour I was his bondman sir , But he , I thank him , gnawed in two my cords .	I was bound to him an hour ago , sir , but thankfully he chewed through our ropes .
Ride thou unto the horsemen on yond hill .	Ride out to the horsemen on that hill .
I never gave him token .	I never gave him any token of romantic love .
Nothing .	Nothing .
And , I think , if my breast had not been made of faith , and my heart of steel , She had transformed me to a curtal dog and made me turn i ' th ' wheel .	And I think that if I hadn ’ t been brave and strong , she would have turned me into a dog and made me her slave .
Ay , amen !	Yes , amen !
You are not wood , you are not stones , but men ; And , being men , hearing the will of Caesar , It will inflame you , it will make you mad .	You aren ’ t wood , you aren ’ t stones , you are men ; And , being men , hearing the will of Caesar , It will inflame you ; it will make you crazy .
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
But let this same be presently perform 'd , Even while men 's minds are wild , lest more mischance On plots and errors happen .	But let this speaking be done now , Even while men 's minds are wild , lest more mischance On plots and errors happen .
Nay , she is worse ; she is the devil ’ s dam , and here she comes in the habit of a light wench .	No , she ’ s worse : she ’ s the devil ’ s mother , and she comes to us disguised as an easy wench .
Go with me to the duchess .	Come with me to see the duchess .
Ah , mine own lord , what have I seen tonight !	Ah , my good lord , what have I seen tonight !
Nature is fine in love , and where ' tis fine , It sends some precious instance of itself After the thing it loves .	Nature is short in love , and where it is short , It sends some precious moment of itself Close to the thing it loves .
Did you say with Cassio ?	Did you say with Cassio ?
I am now in great haste , as it may appear unto you .	Now I ’ m in a great hurry , as I ’ m sure you can see .
Signor Antonio , many a time and oft In the Rialto you have rated me About my moneys and my usances .	Signor Antonio , you ’ ve often insulted my money and my business practices in the Rialto .
O , treachery !	O , treachery !
Even what it please my lord that shall become him .	You can do whatever you want as long as it ’ s socially appropriate .
Tis fittest .	That ’ s most appropriate .
Observe how Antony becomes his flaw , And what thou think ’ st his very action speaks In every power that moves .	Observe how Antony takes his defeat and how his attitude influences his actions .
Hark !	Listen !
I will employ thee back again ; I find thee Most fit for business .	I ’ ll hire you again to go back to Rome .
What committed .	What committed !
By my troth , sir , no — though it please you to be one of my friends .	Don ’ t say that — unless you want to be one of my friends .
O gentle lady , ' Tis not for you to hear what I can speak : The repetition , in a woman ’ s ear , Would murder as it fell .	If I repeated it to you , it would kill you as soon as you heard it .
Could not this make thee know The hate I bear thee made me leave thee so ?	Didn ’ t you figure out that I left you because I hate you ?
To every Roman citizen he gives , To every several man , seventy-five drachmas .	To every Roman citizen he gives Seventy-five dollars each .
I prithee , boy , run to the Senate-house ; Stay not to answer me , but get thee gone .	Boy , run to the Senate-house ; Don ’ t wait to answer me , but get going .
Do thou meet me presently at the harbor . — Come hither .	Meet me down at the harbor . — Come here .
Why , this is not Lear .	I ’ m not Lear .
That from your first of difference and decay Have followed your sad steps .	followed you on your sad wanderings , ever since your bad luck began .
I have , since I was three year old , conversed with a magician , most profound in his art and yet not damnable .	Since I was three years old , I ’ ve been in contact with a powerful but virtuous magician — no black magic here .
If I know this , know all the world besides , That part of tyranny that I do bear I can shake off at pleasure .	If I know this , and know the whole world too , I can shake off at pleasure That part of tyranny that I endure .
To who ?	To whom ?
Stand here , make a good show on ’ t .	Stay right here and try to look good .
Nay , had I power , I should Pour the sweet milk of concord into hell , Uproar the universal peace , confound All unity on earth .	No , if I had power I would take world peace and throw it down to hell .
What should this mean ?	What does this mean ?
Return to her , and fifty men dismissed ?	Go back with her ?
Good my mouse of virtue , answer me .	Please answer , my good little student .
Our masquing mates by this time for us stay .	Our masquerade mates are waiting for us .
Ha !	Ha !
Nay , that would be as great a soil in the new gloss of your marriage as to show a child his new coat and forbid him to wear it .	No , taking you away from your new marriage would be like showing a child a new coat and then not letting him wear it .
Not a mouse stirring .	Not a mouse stirring .
It ’ s true , good lieutenant .	That ’ s true , lieutenant .
What have you done ?	What have you two sisters done ?
Get thee to bed , Francisco .	Go to bed , Francisco .
I want more uncles here to welcome me .	I want more uncles here to welcome me .
What ’ s the news ?	What ’ s the news ?
Come on ; in this there can be no dismay , My ships come home a month before the day .	Come on ; in this transaction , there can be no fear ; My ships come home a month before the due date .
Nay , that 's not your way .	No , that 's not your way .
Speak .	Speak .
I would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys .	I wouldn ’ t have given it away for a whole jungle of monkeys .
No grave upon the earth shall clip in it A pair so famous .	No other grave on earth shall hold a pair this famous .
The old cock .	The old guy .
Now Antony must leave her utterly .	Now Antony has to leave her completely .
Sound them , it doth become the mouth as well .	Pronounce them — it is just as nice to say .
Gallus , go you along .	Gallus , you go with him .
While then , God be with you !	Until then , God be with you !
Pray , what do you think is his name ?	Why , what do you imagine his name to be ?
Can you tell me whether one Launcelot that dwells with him , dwell with him or no ?	Can you tell me if a man named Launcelot , who lives with him , is still there ?
The will , the will !	The will , the will !
You know the character to be your brother ’ s ?	You ’ re sure the handwriting is your brother ’ s ?
Go to , you are too shrewd .	Come , come , you are too clever for your own good .
But yet It is our trick .	It sure is .
Nor I , my lord , in faith .	Me too , I won ’ t , I swear to God .
You would be satisfied ?	You would be satisfied ?
We will have more of this tomorrow .	We ’ ll speak again tomorrow .
I will unto Venice To buy apparel ' gainst the wedding day .	I ’ m off to Venice to buy outfits for the wedding .
The motion ’ s good indeed and be it so . — Petruchio , I shall be your	I second that
Thus I ’ ll visit her .	I ’ ll see her like this .
Thrice and once the hedge-pig whined .	Three times , and the hedgehog whined once .
Welcome , Horatio .	Welcome , Horatio .
Why are you drawn ?	Why are your swords out ?
The evil that men do lives after them ; The good is oft interrèd with their bones .	The evil that men do is remembered after their deaths , but the good is often buried with them .
You are he , you are he .	You are Antonio , you are he .
Make me to see 't ; or at the least so prove it , That the probation bear no hinge nor loop To hang a doubt on ; or woe upon thy life !	Make me see it ; or at the least prove it so That the accusation has no hinges or loops To hang a doubt on , or woe on your life !
We must to the watch .	It ’ s time for us to stand guard .
Good Mistress Accost , I desire better acquaintance .	My dear Miss Chat-her-up , I look forward to getting to know you better .
He can report , As seemeth by his plight , of the revolt The newest state .	From the looks of him , he can tell us the latest news Of the revolt .
The cause is in my will .	The reason is that it ’ s what I want .
Come on , Nerissa ; I have work in hand , That you yet know not of ; we 'll see our husbands Before they think of us .	Come on , Nerissa , I have work in hand That you don ’ t know about yet ; we 'll see our husbands Before they think about us .
Oh , such another sleep , that I might see But such another man !	Oh , I wish I could sleep again , so I could have another dream like that !
Then , prophetlike , They hailed him father to a line of kings .	Then , like prophets , they named him the father to a line of kings .
I will be near to second your attempt , and he shall fall between us .	I ’ ll be nearby to help you , and between the two of us we can handle him .
I shall win at the odds .	With the handicap they ’ ve given me , I think I ’ ll win .
I thank thee .	I thank you all .
Norfolk , we must have knocks , ha , must we not ?	Norfolk , we ’ re going to have a few blows , right ?
A whoreson , mad fellow 's it was .	A bastard , crazy fellow 's it was .
I am Christophero Sly .	I ’ m Christopher Sly .
You ’ ll have your nephews neigh to you .	Your grandsons will neigh to you like horses .
What is ’ t , Ophelia , he hath said to you ?	What did he tell you , Ophelia ?
You lie up to the hearing of the gods .	The gods can hear you lying !
Even then this forkèd plague is fated to us When we do quicken .	We are destined to be betrayed when we are born .
Get thee to bed .	You do the same .
He would make but a sport of it and torment the poor lady worse .	He ’ ll just turn it into a joke and torment the poor woman even more .
Thanks , i ' faith ; for silence is only commendable In a neat 's tongue dried , and a maid not vendible .	Thanks , really , because silence is only commendable In a cow ’ s dried tongue , and in a girl who ’ s not for sale .
I was sure your lordship did not give it me .	I was sure your lordship didn ’ t give it me .
Why look you pale ?	And why are you so pale ?
Favors ?	Promising favors ?
Can he that deny ?	Can he deny it ?
Back do I toss these treasons to thy head , With the hell-hated lie o 'erwhelm thy heart —	still fight you and embed your lies back in your hellish heart . — Trumpets , blow !
Why do you infect yourself with them ?	Why bother with them ?
Death and damnation !	Death and damnation !
I would speak with Clarence , and I came hither on my legs .	I want to speak with Clarence , and I came here on my legs .
We have no friend But resolution , and the briefest end .	We have no friends but determination and the quickest death .
Do I look like a cudgel , or a hovel-post , a staff , or a prop ?	Do I look like a club or a beating stick , a staff or a prop ?
What said he when he came unto himself ?	What said he when he came to ?
God give your Grace good rest .	May God bring you sleep !
Is she so hot a shrew as she ’ s reported ?	Is she as fiery a shrew as they say ?
I hold the world but as the world , Gratiano ; A stage , where every man must play a part , And mine a sad one .	I only think of the world as the world , Gratiano ; A stage , where every man must play a part , And my part is a sad one .
Or , if you borrow one another ’ s love for the instant , you may , when you hear no more words of Pompey , return it again .	Or you can pretend to settle your differences until this matter with Pompey is finished .
What tell 'st thou me of robbing ?	Why are you telling me about robbing ?
Is ’ t not enough , is ’ t not enough , young man , That I did never , no , nor never can , Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius ' eye , But you must flout my insufficiency ?	Is it not enough , is it not enough , young man , that I ’ ll never be pretty enough to get a kind look from Demetrius ?
What complexion is she of ?	What ’ s her skin like ?
Those that Hobgoblin call you , and sweet Puck , You do their work , and they shall have good luck .	Those that call you Hobgoblin , and sweet Puck , You do their work , and they shall have good luck .
A good direction , warlike sovereign .	A good plan , warrior king .
O bosom black as death !	My heart ’ s as black as death .
Who was it ?	Who was it ?
Both one and other he denies me now .	Now he won ’ t give me either .
Draw thy sword and give me Sufficing strokes for death .	Draw your sword and give me enough blows to kill me .
Let it come down .	Then let the rain come down .
Will he tell us what this show meant ?	Will he tell us what this show meant ?
I have much to do But to go hang my head all at one side And sing it like poor Barbary .	It ’ s all I can do to keep myself from hanging my head down in despair and singing it like poor Barbary .
Sir , sir , be patient .	Sir , sir , calm down .
Excellent , i ' faith , of the chameleon ’ s dish .	Wonderful !
I cannot tell , except they are busied about a counterfeit assurance .	I don ’ t know , except they are busy with some phony guarantee .
O , help me here !	O , help me here !
Didst thou not hear a noise ?	Didn ’ t you hear a noise ?
I am weary of you .	I ’ m tired of you .
Didst thou not hear their shouts ?	Didn ’ t you hear their shouts ?
Madam , it is , so you stand pleas 'd withal .	Madam , it is , as long as you are pleased with the rest of it .
Never , my lord .	Never , my lord .
Our feast shall be much honour 'd in your marriage .	Our feast shall be very honored by your marriage .
Do so , and after two days I will discharge thee .	Do that , and I ’ ll set you free in two days .
But yet thou art my flesh , my blood , my daughter — Or rather a disease that ’ s in my flesh , Which I must needs call mine .	But you ’ re still my child , my flesh and blood — or rather you ’ re a disease in my flesh , a disease I still have to call my own .
Yet you began rudely .	But you began so rudely .
Know you the hand ?	Do you recognize the writing ?
So white , and such a traitor ?	As old and white-haired as you are , and you ’ re such a traitor ?
Madam wife , they say that I have dreamed And slept above some fifteen year or more .	Madam wife , they say I ’ ve been dreaming or asleep for more than fifteen years .
Madam , what should I do ?	Madam , what should I do ?
Thy case , dear friend , Shall be my precedent .	You ’ ll be my role model .
You are welcome , sir , to Cyprus .	You are welcome , sir , to Cyprus .
When last I was at Exeter , The mayor in courtesy showed me the castle And called it Rougemont , at which name I started , Because a bard of Ireland told me once I should not live long after I saw Richmond .	The last time I was in Exeter , the mayor kindly showed me the castle there and called it “ My lord !
List a word .	Listen a minute .
Now , Ursula , when Beatrice doth come , As we do trace this alley up and down , Our talk must only be of Benedick .	All right Ursula , as Beatrice arrives , we ’ ll be walking up and down this alley and speaking about nothing but Benedick .
No messenger but thine , and all alone Tonight we ’ ll wander through the streets and note The qualities of people .	Tonight we ’ ll wander through the streets and observe the people .
My liege .	My liege .
Cleopatra , Do not abuse my master ’ s bounty by Th ’ undoing of yourself .	Don ’ t insult my master ’ s generosity by killing yourself .
Tis truly so .	Yes , it is .
Hail !	Hail !
Look , how he laughs already !	Look , how he laughs already !
A mighty strength they carry .	They have a massive army .
Judge me , you gods !	Judge me , you gods !
Where 's your father ?	Where 's your father ?
I stay here on my bond .	I ’ m sticking to the contract .
O Gertrude , come away !	O Gertrude , let ’ s go !
Fare you well .	Fare you well .
And I am Brutus , Marcus Brutus , I ; Brutus , my country 's friend ; know me for Brutus !	And I ’ m Brutus , Marcus Brutus ; Brutus , my country 's friend ; know me as Brutus !
Such and so finely bolted didst thou seem .	That ’ s how sound a man you appeared .
What , not a whore ?	What , not a whore ?
I have brought you from Venice .	I brought you here from Venice .
Good madam , patience .	Good madam , be patient .
And yet complainest thou of obstruction ?	But you ’ re still complaining of darkness and a bad view ?
An if your wife be not a mad woman , And know how well I have deserv 'd the ring , She would not hold out enemy for ever , For giving it to me .	And , if your wife is not a madwoman , And knows how much I have deserved this ring , She would not hold out in being your enemy forever For giving it to me .
Pray you , sit down , For now we sit to chat as well as eat .	Now everyone be seated , as this is the part where we sit and chat as well as eat .
You will take little delight in it , I can tell you , there is such odds in the man .	You won ’ t enjoy it much , I can tell you , the odds are so against this young man .
You must translate .	Believe what ?
Give them way till he take leave , and presently after him .	Leave them alone until he sets off home , and then follow him .
First let us go to dinner .	First let ’ s go to dinner .
All torment , trouble , wonder , and amazement Inhabits here .	This place is full of trouble , torments , and amazements .
Thy spirit walks abroad and turns our swords In our own proper entrails .	Your ghost walks the earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs .
I think she ’ ll sooner prove a soldier .	I think she ’ ll be a better soldier .
And it is marvel he out-dwells his hour , For lovers ever run before the clock .	And it ’ s a wonder that he ’ s late , Because lovers always keep ahead of the clock .
But say , my lord , it were not registered , Methinks the truth should live from age to age , As ’ twere retailed to all posterity , Even to the general all-ending day .	Well , I think that even if it weren ’ t on record , the truth would be remembered from one generation to the next — all the way to Doomsday .
All but Metellus Cimber , and he ’ s gone To seek you at your house .	Everyone ’ s there except Metellus Cimber , and he ’ s gone to look for you at your house .
And so had mine .	Mine did too .
And thus a while the fit will work on him .	He ’ ll be like this for a little while .
Some blessed power deliver us from hence !	Please , somebody , get us out of here !
Dear lad , believe it .	My boy , it ’ s true .
I looked not for you yet , nor am provided For your fit welcome .	I wasn ’ t expecting you , and I ’ m not ready to receive you .
More , I prithee , more .	More , please , more .
And hath challenged thee ?	And he challenged you to a duel ?
May we be gone ?	Can we go ?
And these few precepts in thy memory Look thou character .	And just try to remember a few rules of life .
Lay thy finger thus , and let thy soul be instructed .	Be quiet and listen to me .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
Call them forth .	Get them in here .
Well , bawd I ’ ll turn , And something lean to cutpurse of quick hand .	Well , I ’ ll turn pimp and do some occasional pickpocketing .
Tis with him in standing water , between boy and man .	He ’ s somewhere between boy and man .
Sir , in my heart there was a kind of fighting That would not let me sleep .	There was a kind of war in my brain that wouldn ’ t let me sleep .
Will you go ?	Will you come ?
Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire burn and cauldron bubble .	Double , double , toil and trouble ; Fire , burn ; and caldron , bubble .
In sooth , I know not why I am so sad .	To be honest , I don ’ t know why I ’ m so sad .
God keep you from them , and from such false friends .	God protect you from them and from other false friends !
You strike my people , and your disordered rabble Make servants of their betters .	You hit my servants , and your disorderly mob of knights treat their superiors like servants .
Even such a husband Hast thou of me , as she is for a wife .	You have such a husband in me As she is for a wife .
Where is this rash and most unfortunate man ?	Where is this impatient and very unfortunate man ?
Wilt thou , Strato ?	Will you , Strato ?
I think thou dost .	I think you are .
What in your own part can you say to this ?	What , in your own part , can you say to this ?
Wherefore ?	A reason ?
Things must be as they may .	Things are what they are .
would she were hearsed at my foot , and the ducats in her coffin !	I wish my daughter were dead at my foot , and the jewels in her ear ; I wish she were trained at my feet , and the dollars in her coffin !
My lord .	My lord ?
Have I , Malvolio ?	I did , Malvolio ?
Denmark ’ s a prison .	Denmark ’ s a prison .
O inhuman dog !	O inhuman dog !
Of my kind uncle , that I know will give , And being but a toy , which is no grief to give .	From my kind uncle , who I know will give it to me , especially as it ’ s not worth much .
But , sirrah , you shall buy this sport as dear As all the metal in your shop will answer .	But Angelo , you ’ ll pay for this , even if it costs all the precious metals in your jewelry shop .
Both , both , my girl .	Both , both , my girl .
Almost at odds with morning , which is which .	It ’ s almost morning .
If not , when you have stomachs .	If not , come when you have the courage .
I came from Corinth , my most gracious lord .	I came from Corinth , Your Highness .
Follow my voice ; we 'll try no manhood here .	Follow my voice ; we won ’ t test your manhood here .
If it be man ’ s work , I ’ ll do ’ t .	If it ’ s work for a man , I ’ ll do it .
I thank you .	Thanks for telling me .
Tomorrow with your earliest Let me have speech with you .	Tomorrow , at your earliest , Let me speak with you .
Of so high and plenteous wit and invention !	Of so high and full intelligence and imagination !
Pray you do not , sir .	Please don ’ t , sir .
Therefore , merchant , I ’ ll limit thee this day To seek thy life by beneficial help .	I will allow you one day to look for help in Ephesus .
How say you ?	What do you say ?
If you were men , as men you are in show , You would not use a gentle lady so : To vow , and swear , and superpraise my parts , When I am sure you hate me with your hearts .	If you were men , as you are men on the outside , You wouldn ’ t use a gentle lady like this : To vow , and swear , and super-praise my parts , When I am sure you hate me with your hearts .
Where are these hearts ?	Where are these hearts ?
When you durst do it , then you were a man ; And , to be more than what you were , you would Be so much more the man .	When you “ dared ” to do it , then you were a man ; And , in order to be more than what you are , you would Be so much more the man .
But good lieutenant , is your general wived ?	Good lieutenant , is your general married ?
Meantime God grants that we have need of you .	Meanwhile , we ’ re the ones who need you .
Nay , that follows not .	No , that doesn ’ t follow .
Here ’ s the friar ready .	The friar ’ s ready .
If I myself , there is no hour so fit As Caesar 's death 's hour , nor no instrument Of half that worth as those your swords , made rich With the most noble blood of all this world .	If I ’ m going be killed , there is no time like Caesar 's death-hour , or any instrument Half as worthy as your swords , decorated richly With the most noble blood in this whole world .
Run hence , proclaim , cry it about the streets .	Run and proclaim it in the streets .
Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery , Sink in apple of his eye .	Flower with this purple dye , Hit by Cupid 's arrow , Sink into the apple of his eye !
None , but that ugly treason of mistrust , Which makes me fear the enjoying of my love : There may as well be amity and life ' Tween snow and fire , as treason and my love .	None but that ugly evil of mistrust , Which makes me fear the enjoying of my love : There may as well be friendship and life Between snow and fire as evil and my love .
I know not , madam .	I don ’ t know , madam .
His discretion , I am sure , cannot carry his valor , for the goose carries not the fox .	He ’ s not wise enough to be brave .
Ay , but not enough .	Fine , but not enough .
Let us all embrace .	Let ’ s embrace
I am your host .	You are my guests .
Things at the worst will cease , or else climb upward To what they were before .	Things at the worst will cease , or else return To the way they were before .
Farewell !	Goodbye !
Master young gentleman , I pray you , which is the way to Master Jew ’ s ?	Young man , excuse me , how do I get to the Jew ’ s ?
I take it your own business calls on you And you embrace th ' occasion to depart .	You need to leave to take care of your own business .
With all my heart .	With all my heart .
I will acquit you .	I ’ ll give it back to you .
Do you question me as an honest man should do , for my simple true judgment ?	Do you want my true opinion ?
Now , my Lord Constable ?	Is it time , my Lord Constable ?
Dissemble not your hatred .	Don ’ t simply hide your hatred .
Then leave her , sir , for by the power that made me , I tell you all her wealth .	Then leave her , sir .
God ’ s arm strike with us !	May God ’ s arm strike on our side !
Had my lips that power , Thus would I wear them out .	If my lips had the power to give life , I would wear them out like this .
Tis not yet near day .	It ’ s not yet daylight .
By Janus , I think no .	By Janus , I don ’ t think so .
And that you would have me to do !	And that ’ s what you want me to do !
How tartly that gentleman looks !	That man always looks so sour !
Caesar , I will .	Caesar , I will .
Go , call him hither , boy No more shall be the neighbor to my counsels Hath he so long held out with me , untired , And stops he now for breath ?	Go , bring him here , boy .
But one fiend at a time , I 'll fight their legions o 'er .	Give me only one evil enemy at a time , and I 'll fight their legions again and again .
Is not that he ?	Isn ’ t that he ?
If it will not , what remedy ?	If not , what can you do about it ?
The folly of this island !	The folly of this island !
But you , my honorable lords , may name the time , And in the duke ’ s behalf I ’ ll give my voice , Which I presume he ’ ll take in gentle part .	But you , my noble lords , may name a time , and I ’ ll second it on the duke ’ s behalf , which I don ’ t think he ’ ll mind .
Well , let him go .	We have to give up and let him go .
There are some shrewd contents in yon same paper , That steals the colour from Bassanio 's cheek ; Some dear friend dead ; else nothing in the world Could turn so much the constitution Of any constant man .	There are some harsh contents in that letter That steal the color from Bassanio 's cheeks : Some dear friend is dead , or nothing else in the world Could change the constitution so much Of any constant man .
Heigh-ho .	Whoo-hoo !
Thou art a strange fellow .	That ’ s an odd thing to say .
Shall ’ t be tonight at supper ?	Will it be tonight at supper ?
Thou dost conspire against thy friend , Iago , If thou but think ’ st him wronged and mak ’ st his ear A stranger to thy thoughts .	You ’ re not being a good friend , Iago , if you even Please don ’ t ask me to tell you .
Have you heard the argument ?	Have you heard the story ?
He , swift of foot , Outran my purpose ; and I return 'd the rather For that I heard the clink and fall of swords , And Cassio high in oath , which till tonight I ne 'er might say before .	He , fast of foot , Outran me ; and I returned Because that I heard the clink and fall of swords , And Cassio swearing loudly ; which , until tonight , I never saw him do before .
Good night , good doctor .	Good-night , good doctor .
To what end did I bid thee hie thee home ?	Why did I just send you home ?
What was thy cause ?	What are you accused of ?
No more of that .	No more of these thoughts .
Light !	light !
Are not you a strumpet ?	Aren ’ t you a prostitute ?
I was a gentleman , And then I told you true .	When I said that , I told you the truth .
What part is that , my lord ?	What part is that , my lord ?
Weigh it but with the grossness of this age , You break not sanctuary in seizing him .	In these less dainty times , you ’ re not breaking the laws of sanctuary to seize him .
They are wise and honorable , And will , no doubt , with reasons answer you .	They ’ re wise and honorable , and will no doubt give you reasons for it .
But yet the pity of it , Iago !	but yet the pity of it , Iago !
God give us leisure for these rites of love !	I hope we have the time some day !
Since that respects and fortunes are his love , I shall not be his wife .	Since you love money and power so much , I won ’ t be your wife .
The most exquisite Claudio ?	That pretty boy , Claudio ?
And for their sake , In your fair minds let this acceptance take .	With those plays in mind , we hope you ’ ll receive this one kindly .
Come , come , you talk .	Come , come , how you talk .
They could be content To visit other places , and come down With fearful bravery , thinking by this face To fasten in our thoughts that they have courage .	They really wish they were somewhere else , but they want to descend on us , looking fierce so we ’ ll think they ’ re brave .
Come , swear it , damn thyself ; Lest , being like one of heaven , the devils themselves Should fear to seize thee .	Come , swear it , damn yourself ; Lest , being like one of heaven , the devils themselves Should fear to seize you .
O , well flown , bird .	Oh , that arrow was well shot .
Fair ladies , you drop manna in the way Of starved people .	Beautiful ladies , you drop holy bread in the way Of starved people .
Be gone !	Get going !
Two or three groan .	Two or three men are groaning .
I have two nights watched with you , but can perceive no truth in your report .	I have watched two nights with you , but I can perceive no truth in your report .
Oh , he hath murdered his master !	Oh God , he ’ s murdered his master !
Here he comes .	Here he comes .
What says this leaden casket ?	What does the lead box say ?
To Adriana , villain , hie thee straight .	Go to Adriana , you scoundrel , and quickly .
If thou say so , withdraw and prove it too .	If that ’ s what you say , go fight a duel with me and prove it .
I cannot draw a cart , nor eat dried oats .	I can ’ t pull a cart or eat dried oats like a horse .
Go in with me , and I will tell you my drift .	Come inside with me , and I will tell you my plan .
His backward voice is to utter foul speeches and to detract .	The other voice is harsh and abusive .
But by immortal providence , she ’ s mine .	But by the grace of God , she ’ s mine .
I will do 't , my lord .	I will do it , my lord .
Come , let us sup betimes , that afterwards We may digest our complots in some form .	Come , let ’ s have an early dinner so that we have time to work out our plans .
Great and increasing .	Large and increasing .
how noble in reason !	How noble in reason !
I was enforc 'd to send it after him ; I was beset with shame and courtesy ; My honour would not let ingratitude So much besmear it .	I forced to send the ring after him ; I was overcome with shame and courtesy ; My honor would not let ingratitude So much offend it .
Alack the day , I know you not , young gentleman .	Heaven help me , I don ’ t know you , sir .
So foul and fair a day I have not seen .	I have never seen a day that is so disgustingly filthy and beautiful .
What is the matter ?	What ’ s going on here ?
Let us swear That you are worth your breeding , which I doubt not ,	Prove you are worthy of your birth , which I do not doubt for a moment .
Have you not read , Roderigo , Of some such thing ?	Haven ’ t you read , Roderigo , Of some such thing ?
Peace !	Peace !
What do you mean ?	What do you think you ’ re doing ?
Heavens thank you for 't .	Heavens thank you for it !
You have her father ’ s love , Demetrius .	Her father loves you , Demetrius .
What , my good lord ?	What , my good lord ?
What 's the matter now ?	What 's the matter now ?
I will send for him , and question him yourself .	I ’ ll get him to come here , and you can ask him yourself .
Or image of that horror ?	Or just a foretaste of it ?
Damn them then , If ever mortal eyes do see them bolster More than their own !	Damn them then , If ever mortal eyes see them in any bed Other than their own !
And to that end , sir , I will welcome you .	And I ’ ll use that piece of rope to welcome you with .
This broken joint between you and her husband entreat her to splinter ; and , my fortunes against any lay worth naming , this crack of your love shall grow stronger than it was before .	Beg her to fix this broken joint between you and her husband , and , I ’ ll bet against any thing worth naming , this crack in your love shall grow stronger than it was before .
Will you play upon this pipe ?	Will you play this recorder ?
Then your hose should be ungartered , your bonnet unbanded , your sleeve unbuttoned , your shoe untied , and everything about you demonstrating a careless desolation .	Your stockings should be falling down around your ankles , your hat flying off your head , your sleeves unbuttoned , your shoes untied , and everything about you demonstrating carelessness and misery .
No cock of mine .	It has no fighting spirit .
Where ?	Where ?
My noble father , I do perceive here a divided duty .	Father , this isn ’ t easy for me .
I say she shall . — And first begin with her .	I say she shall . — And first begin with her .
Come , for the third , Laertes .	Get ready for the third hit , Laertes .
You are well fleshed .	You ’ re awfully eager to fight .
Look on the tragic loading of this bed ; This is thy work .	Look on the tragic load on this bed ; This is your work .
Why came I hither but to that intent ?	Why did I come here if not for that ?
Your honor calls you hence .	Your honor is the reason you are leaving .
If e 'er I loved her , all that love is gone .	If I ever loved her , all that love is gone .
What , in our house ?	What , in our own house ?
What is his name ?	What ’ s his name ?
Is it not as this mouth should tear this hand For lifting food to ’ t ?	Isn ’ t their ingratitude like the mouth biting the hand that feeds it ?
Thus hath the candle singed the moth .	This is how the candle burned the moth .
If you do sweat to put a tyrant down , You sleep in peace , the tyrant being slain .	If you struggle to bring down a tyrant , you will sleep peacefully when the tyrant is killed .
My door is lock ’ d .	My door is locked .
Affection is not rated from the heart .	The heart won ’ t be reasoned with .
Let me wipe it first .	Let me wipe it off first .
Heaven will direct it .	Heaven will guide its course .
Then patiently hear my impatience .	Then patiently listen to my impatience .
Peace , ho !	Peace , oh !
Where had he wine ?	Where did he get wine ?
Where is he gone ?	Where has he gone ?
And may .	And may .
Not that I love you not .	It ’ s not because I don ’ t love you .
Lucius , who 's that knocks ?	Lucius , who 's knocking ?
What if it come to thee again ?	And what will you do if it returns to you ?
Why , good sir ?	Why , good sir ?
He dreams .	He ’ s dreaming .
What though he love your Hermia ?	So what if he loves your Hermia ?
Harp on it still shall I till heart-strings break .	I will harp on it till my heartstrings break .
This is practice , Gloucester .	You were tricked into fighting , Gloucester .
So , you 're paid .	So , now you 're paid .
She says you have some goodly jest in hand .	She says she thinks this is a prank .
I have done no more to Caesar than you shall do to Brutus .	I have done no more to Caesar than you shall do to Brutus .
Govern these ventages with your fingers and thumbs , give it breath with your mouth , and it will discourse most eloquent music .	Just close up these holes with your finger and thumb , put it in your mouth and blow , and it will yield the most eloquent music .
Was it so late , friend , ere you went to bed , That you do lie so late ?	Did you go to bed so late , my friend , that you ’ re having a hard time getting up now ?
Tis yours , and we , Your scutcheons and your signs of conquest , shall Hang in what place you please .	It ’ s yours , and you may hang us , your trophies of war , anywhere you like .
Nay , blush not , Cleopatra .	No , don ’ t be ashamed , Cleopatra .
Pale as thy smock !	Pale as your smock !
I do not see them bleed .	I don ’ t see any blood .
Sweet remembrancer !	It ’ s nice of you to remind me .
Well , I conceive .	All right , I understand .
Work you , then .	Then go to work .
You know , he brought me out o ' favor with my lady about a bear-baiting here .	You know , he got me in trouble with the lady of the house once when I arranged a bear-baiting here .
Nay , that 's true , that 's very true .	No , that 's true ; that 's very true .
Not her that chides , sir , at any hand , I pray .	But not the woman who scolds , anyway , I hope .
Ay , a tailor , sir .	Definitely a tailor , sir .
If he be absent , bring his brother to me .	If he ’ s not around , bring his brother Oliver to me .
With all my heart I ’ ll gossip at this feast .	With all my heart , I ’ ll join you .
My lord , my lord , I ’ ll prove it on his body if he dare , Despite his nice fence and his active practice , His May of youth and bloom of lustihood .	I ’ ll beat him despite his fancy fencing techniques and all the practicing he does , despite his youth and manliness .
What , is my beaver easier than it was ?	Is the visor of my helmet working better now ?
Hence , get thee gone , and follow me no more .	Go away , get out of here , and stop following me .
Do you come near me now ?	Look at me now !
What , art a heathen ?	What , are you a pagan ?
How canst thou thus for shame , Titania , Knowing I know thy love to Theseus ?	How can you stand there shamelessly talking about me and Hippolyta , when you know that I know about your love for Theseus ?
No boasting like a fool .	No more foolish talk .
I found her trimming up the diadem On her dead mistress .	I found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress .
How came he mad ?	Damn that crazy madman !
The desperate tempest hath so banged the Turks , That their designment halts .	This terrible storm has smashed the Turks so badly that their plans are ruined .
There is more sense in that than in reputation .	Your physical health matters more than your reputation .
If they deny to come , Swinge me them soundly forth unto their husbands .	If they refuse to come , get physical — use a whip if you have to , but get them out here to their husbands .
Had I your tongues and eyes , I ’ d use them so That heaven ’ s vault should crack .	If I were you with eyes and a tongue to speak with , I ’ d crack heaven wide open with my laments !
When my tongue blabs , then let mine eyes not see .	I swear on my life I won ’ t tell your secret .
Shall Rome stand under one man 's awe ?	Shall Rome stand under one man 's awe ?
I shall obey , my lord .	I ’ ll do as you say , father .
No , by no means .	No , by no means .
Twere best he speak no harm of Brutus here .	It ’ s best that he doesn ’ t speak harm about Brutus here .
He wore his beaver up .	He had his helmet visor up .
Say , my spirit , How fares the King and 's followers ?	Tell me , my spirit , How are the King and his followers doing ?
He hath an argosy bound to Tripolis , another to the Indies .	He has one ship bound for Tripoli , another heading for the Indies .
To what end ?	And what would that accomplish ?
Thou shalt not die .	I ’ ll commute your death sentence .
Our general cast us thus early for the love of his Desdemona ; who let us not therefore blame .	Our general put us early like this for the love of his Desdemona , whom we won ’ t blame .
Though his bark cannot be lost , Yet it shall be tempest-tossed .	Although I can ’ t make his ship disappear , I can still make his journey miserable .
It is the blessèd sun .	It ’ s the blessed sun .
William , sir .	Yes , it ’ s William , sir .
O , my daughter !	O , my daughter !
So I do .	That ’ s what I ’ m doing .
Thou stickest a dagger in me .	Oh , you ’ re sticking a dagger in me !
Soon at five o 'clock , Please you , I ’ ll meet with you upon the mart And afterward consort you till bedtime .	it pleases you , I ’ ll meet you in the marketplace at five and will keep you company until bedtime .
Neither good nor bad .	Neither good nor bad .
Say it , Othello .	Tell it , Othello .
Here , my good lord .	Here , my good lord .
It gives me wonder great as my content To see you here before me .	I ’ m amazed you got here before me .
A howling monster , a drunken monster .	A loud-mouthed , drunken monster .
You understand me ?	Understand ?
I ’ ll in to counsel them .	I ’ ll go and coach them .
Who can be wise , amazed , temp 'rate , and furious , Loyal and neutral , in a moment ?	Is it possible to be wise , bewildered , calm , furious , loyal , and neutral all at once ?
If he love Caesar , all that he can do Is to himself : take thought and die for Caesar .	If he loves Caesar , then he can only hurt himself — by grieving and dying for Caesar .
Do you love me , master ?	Do you love me , master ?
Quickly send — Be brief in it — to th ' castle , for my writ Is on the life of Lear and on Cordelia .	Go quickly — hurry — to the castle , for I ’ ve given orders to have Lear and Cordelia killed .
The Prince and Monsieur Love !	Look , it ’ s the Prince and Mr. Love .
O good Antonio , forgive me your trouble .	Oh , Antonio , I ’ m sorry I caused you so much trouble .
When did she send thee ?	When did she send you ?
Be merciful , great duke , to men of mold .	Great Duke , be merciful to mortal men .
Shake it off .	Shake off your sleepiness .
Master Malvolio ?	Master Malvolio ?
A halter gratis , nothing else , for God ’ s sake .	Nothing else , for God ’ s sake !
Call me what instrument you will , though you can fret me , yet you cannot play upon me .	You can push my buttons , but you can ’ t play me for a fool .
If it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar as to hear me , I shall beseech him to befriend himself .	If it will please Caesar To be so good to Caesar as to hear what I have to say , I shall beg him to take care of himself .
Nay , it is true , or else I am a Turk .	No , it ’ s true , or if it ’ s not , I ’ m a villain .
O , you and I have heard our fathers say There was a Brutus once that would have brook 'd The eternal devil to keep his state in Rome As easily as a king .	O , you and I have heard our fathers say There was a Brutus once that would have fought The eternal devil to keep his status in Rome , As easily as he would fight a king !
Where should Othello go ? — Now , how dost thou look now ?	Where would Othello go ? — Oh , look at you !
So do not I.	Yet I wish I could .
He speaks home , madam .	He speaks freely , madam .
O , is that all ?	O , is that all ?
Master , young gentleman , I pray you which is the way to master Jew 's ?	Master young gentleman , please , which is the way to Master Jew 's ?
Piece out our imperfections with your thoughts .	Let your thoughts make up for our imperfections .
And they have been grand-jurymen since before Noah was a sailor .	And you can ’ t deny evidence and argument — They ’ ve been around since Noah ’ s ark .
God grant we never may have need of you .	Let ’ s hope we never need your help for anything .
Come , tailor , let us see these ornaments .	Now , tailor , let ’ s see what you ’ ve got .
The foe vaunts in the field .	The enemy is making its appearance on the battlefield .
Since I am crept in favor with myself , I will maintain it with some little cost .	Since I ’ m suddenly all the rage , it will be worth the cost .
Come , Menas .	Let ’ s go , Menas .
Are you not well ?	Are you unwell ?
Hear you the news abroad ?	Did you hear the news that ’ s going around ?
Why , no ; the day had broke Before we parted .	Why , no ; the day dawned Before we parted .
So .	So be it .
What are his words ?	What does he say ?
You may do your will , But he 's a tried and valiant soldier .	You may do what you want to , But I say he 's a tried and valiant soldier .
I ’ ll be gone .	I ’ ve got to go .
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
Farewell , thou lob of spirits ; I 'll be gone .	Farewell , you group of spirits ; I have to get going .
Ay , what of that ?	Yes , what of that ?
Nay , you must call me Rosalind . — Come , sister , will you go ?	No , you have to call me Rosalind . — Sister , you ’ re coming ?
In religion , What damned error , but some sober brow Will bless it , and approve it with a text , Hiding the grossness with fair ornament ?	In religion , What damned error is there that some sober face Will bless it , and approve it with a text , Hiding the grossness with a beautiful ornament ?
Well .	All right , then .
This tempest will not give me leave to ponder On things would hurt me more .	This storm protects me from thoughts that would hurt me more .
I ’ ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .	I ’ ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .
Cassio hath here been set on in the dark By Roderigo and fellows that are ’ scaped .	Cassio was attacked here in the dark by Roderigo and men who escaped .
I will survey th ' inscriptions back again .	I ’ ll look over the inscriptions again .
Good faith , and when I met this holy man , The men you talk of came into my mind .	When I ran into this holy man , those men you mentioned did come to mind , in fact .
What is 't that moves your Highness ?	What upsets you , your highness ?
Hear it not , Duncan , for it is a knell That summons thee to heaven or to hell .	Don ’ t listen to the bell , Duncan , because it summons you either to heaven or to hell .
If God will be avengèd for this deed , O , know you yet He doth it publicly !	If God will be revenged for this deed , he will do it publicly .
Now , good Metellus , go along by him .	Now , good Metellus , go ask him .
Do ’ t , knight .	Do that .
Sweet now , silence .	Now be quiet .
Nay , indeed , if you had your eyes you might fail of the knowing me : it is a wise father that knows his own child .	No , indeed , even if you had your eyes , you might not know me : it is a wise father that knows his own child .
Ay , there it is .	Yes , there it is .
No wonder , my lord .	It wouldn ’ t surprise me , my lord .
Madam !	Madam !
What are you ?	What ’ s your message ?
Now , in good sadness , son Petruchio , I think thou hast the veriest shrew of all .	Seriously , though , son Petruchio , I think you have the most thoroughgoing shrew of us all .
Here , sir !	Here , sir !
Villain , thou diest !	Villain , you die !
I will have my bond .	I want my bond .
Get thee hence .	Go away .
By my sword , Beatrice , thou lovest me .	By my sword , Beatrice , you love me .
Your reasons are too shallow and too quick .	Your answers are too shallow and too hasty .
You are — a senator .	You are a senator .
A plague upon you all !	Damn you all !
What is your name ?	What ’ s your name ?
Do what you will , dishonor shall be humor .	Do whatever you want , and I ’ ll say your insults are just a bad mood .
Safely stowed .	At dinner .
Come , therefore , and to Thasos send his body .	Come , then , and send his body to Thasos .
Excellent .	Excellent .
I am locked in one of them .	I ’ m locked in one of them .
I understand thee not .	I don ’ t know what you ’ re talking about .
Dost thou mock me ?	Are you making fun of me ?
Am I a coward ?	Am I a coward ?
Amen , if you love her , for the lady is very well worthy .	It ’ s good if you love Hero , because she ’ s worthy of your love .
That high All-seer which I dallied with Hath turned my feignèd prayer on my head And given in earnest what I begged in jest .	I tried to play games with God , and he turned my fake prayer on my head , giving me for real what I ’ d asked for as a joke .
God save the king .	God save the king !
Such duty as the subject owes the prince , Even such a woman oweth to her husband .	A woman owes her husband the same loyalty a subject owes his king .
Thou shalt not choose but go .	You have to come with me .
Come , go with me .	Come with me .
Read .	How ?
And from hence I go To make these doubts all even .	I ’ ll leave now , to set all these things right .
Tis so — but Edward lives .	But Edward is still alive .
But , were you wedded , you would bear some sway .	But if you were married , you ’ d wield some influence .
My husband ?	My husband !
Therefore use thy discretion .	So use your discretion .
Abide within .	Stay inside .
Marry , how ?	By Mary , how ?
An unauthorized kiss !	An illicit kiss !
Then plainly to her tell my loving tale .	Then tell her my loving story in simple terms .
I have Immortal longings in me .	I long to be immortal .
It is just so high as it is , and moves with its own organs .	It is only as high as it is and moves with its own legs .
My liberty .	My freedom .
Tonight we hold a solemn supper , sir , And I 'll request your presence .	Tonight we host a solemn supper , sir , And I 'll request your presence .
How is it else the “ man i ' th ' moon ” ?	How else is he the “ man in the moon ” ?
I arrest thee of high treason , by the name of Richard , Earl of Cambridge .	Richard Earl of Cambridge , I arrest you for high treason .
Twere damnation To think so base a thought .	No , it ’ d be a sin to think such a low thought .
Now I perceive they have conjoined all three To fashion this false sport , in spite of me . — Injurious Hermia !	Now I see that all three of them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me .
What will you do ?	What are you going to do ?
Run one before And let the Queen know of our gests .	One of you run to the Queen with the news .
How much I had to do to calm his rage !	Do you want to know the truth ?
Husband , I ’ ll dine above with you today , And shrive you of a thousand idle pranks .	Husband , I ’ ll eat with you in private today and hear your confession about all the pranks you ’ ve pulled .
To leave his wife , to leave his babes , His mansion , and his titles , in a place From whence himself does fly ?	To leave his wife , to leave his babes , His mansion , and his titles , in a place That he himself flies from ?
Find out moonshine , find out moonshine !	Look up moonshine , look up moonshine !
She will not come .	She will not come .
Mark Antony I served , who best was worthy Best to be served .	I served Mark Antony , who was the commander most worthy of my services .
Ah , women , women !	Ah , ladies , ladies !
Good night , Lord Brutus .	Good night , Lord Brutus .
He doth ; for he did bid Antonius Send word to you he would be there tomorrow .	He does , because he asked Antonius to Send word to you that he would be there tomorrow .
O dainty duck !	Oh , dainty duck !
Had he his hurts before ?	Was he wounded on the front of his body ?
Give me my robe .	Give me my robe .
Stay , on thy peril .	Stay here at your own risk .
Call 'd you , my lord ?	You called , my lord ?
O nuncle , court holy water in a dry house is better than this rainwater out o ' door .	Oh , uncle , it ’ s better to smile and flatter indoors where it ’ s dry than get soaked out here .
You ’ ll let us in , I hope ?	Are you going to let us in ?
Lord , what fools these mortals be !	O , beware , my lord , of jealousy ; Lord , what fools these mortals be !
I am one , sir , that comes to tell you your daughter and the Moor are now making the beast with two backs .	The kind that tells you that the Moor is having sex with your daughter right now .
I prithee , boy , run to the senate house .	Boy , I beg you to run to the senate house .
I know , sir , I am no flatterer .	Sir , I know I ’ m not a flatterer .
Come on , Trinculo , let us sing .	Come on , Trinculo , let us sing .
He will bear you easily and reins well .	You can ride him easily , and he responds well when you pull the reins .
I know not , madam .	I don ’ t know , madam .
putting on a garment &ket; O , ho , monster !	O , ho , monster !
Thou art the thing itself .	Look at him .
Tell me once more what title thou dost bear .	Tell me once more what you say .
What error drives our eyes and ears amiss ?	What is making our eyes and ears act so strangely ?
Tis mine and I will have it .	It ’ s mine and I ’ m going to get it .
Wherefore !	Why not !
None but a holy hermit and her maid .	No one except her maid and a holy hermit .
Nay , but I bar to-night ; you shall not gage me By what we do to-night .	No , but tonight is an exception ; you shall not judge me By what we do tonight .
When he came to himself again , he said , if he had done or said anything amiss , he desired their worships to think it was his infirmity .	When he regained consciousness again , he said that if he ’ d done or said anything wrong , he wanted them to know that it was all because of his sickness .
Is not this well ?	I Isn ’ t this good ?
Oh , what a world is this when what is comely Envenoms him that bears it !	Oh , what a world this is , when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him !
Have mercy , Jesu ! — Soft , I did but dream .	Have mercy , Jesus ! — Wait , I was only dreaming .
But who is with him ?	But who ’ s with him ?
Of very ill manner .	But what ’ s he like ?
The duke my father loved his father dearly .	You ’ ll fight with him eventually , and The duke , my father , loved his father very much .
Seek him , Titinius , whilst I go to meet The noble Brutus , thrusting this report Into his ears .	Find him , Titinius , while I go ahead to meet The noble Brutus , thrusting this report Into his ears .
It is his .	But it is his handwriting ?
And after that he came thus sad away ?	And after that he came back here looking so serious ?
Why , Belman is as good as he , my lord .	I think Belman is just as good , my lord .
Yet hear me speak .	Quiet !
I am not to you known , Though in your state of honor I am perfect .	You don ’ t know me , but I know you ’ re an important person .
You must think this , look you , that the worm will do his kind .	You must know that the snake will act according to his nature .
Tis clean out of the way .	That ’ s completely beside the point .
Will you , I pray , demand that demi-devil Why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body ?	Will you please make this half-devil say why he tricked me and damned my soul ?
Is 't frailty that thus errs ?	Is it frailty makes mistakes like this ?
And only in that safety died her brothers .	Yes , as safe as her brothers ' lives were .
I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor .	Leah gave it to me before we were married .
He would have deserved it .	And he would have deserved it too .
By Jupiter , Were I the wearer of Antonio ’ s beard , I would not shave ’ t today .	By Jupiter , if I were Antony , I wouldn ’ t shave my beard today .
Chastisement ?	Punishment !
I peace !	Me quiet !
A devil , a born devil , on whose nature Nurture can never stick ; on whom my pains , Humanely taken , all , all lost , quite lost , And , as with age his body uglier grows , So his mind cankers .	A devil , a born devil , on whose nature Kindness can never stick ; on whom my pains , Taken humanely are all , all lost , quite lost ; And as his body grows uglier with age , So his mind is diseased .
Yet Edmund was beloved .	Still , Edmund was beloved .
Tis a day Such as the day is when the sun is hid .	It looks like a day when the sun is hidden .
The morning comes upon ’ s .	The morning is approaching .
What do you think Of marching to Philippi presently ?	What do you think of marching to Philippi immediately ?
It looks a little paler .	It only looks a little paler .
Tomorrow will we be married .	We ’ ll be married tomorrow .
I Beyond all limit of what else i ' th ' world Do love , prize , honor you .	More than anything else in the world , I love you , value you , and honor you .
I thank you , madam .	I ’ ll give Thank you , darling .
Why , sir , a carpenter .	Why , sir , I ’ m a carpenter .
You were best to call them generally , man by man , according to the scrip .	It would be better if you took attendance , man by man , according to the list .
I pray you , sir , take patience .	Calm down , sir , please .
He ’ s in yellow stockings .	He ’ s wearing yellow stockings .
Have mind upon your health , tempt me no further .	If you care about your health , you won ’ t push me any further .
Aside .	Aside .
They must be bound and laid in some dark room .	We must tie them up and leave them in some dark room .
Will ’ t please your highness walk ?	Would your highness like to take a walk ?
Set on , and leave no ceremony out .	Go on , and don ’ t leave any ritual out .
O ye immortal gods !	O you immortal gods !
Then to have seen much and to have nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands .	To have seen much but own nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands .
Lord , how it looks about !	Lord , how it looks about !
Why , for that too .	For the same thing .
Peace !	Be calm !
Keep thee warm .	Stay warm .
On me , whose all not equals Edward ’ s moiety ?	On me , though I am barely half the man that Edward was ?
Utter my thoughts ?	Speak my thoughts ?
Hail !	Hail !
Sir Toby Belch !	Sir Toby Belch !
If their purgation did consist in words , They are as innocent as grace itself .	If they could purge their guilt simply by saying that they were innocent , they ’ d all be as innocent as God Himself .
Why would you be so fond to overcome The bonny prizer of the humorous duke ?	Why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke ’ s favorite champion ?
What think ’ st thou , will our friends prove all true ?	What do you think , will my friends prove loyal ?
I will weep for nothing , like Diana in the fountain , and I will do that when you are disposed to be merry .	I ’ ll cry at nothing , and I ’ ll always do it when you ’ re in a good mood .
What , ho !	what , ho !
Thou art sensible in nothing but blows , and so is an ass .	The only thing you can sense are punches — just like an ass .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
As well as I can , madam .	I ’ ll do my best , madam .
Nothing but songs of death .	I beg your pardon .
How came you thus recovered ?	How did you get this sober ?
Come , Charmian .	Play with me , Charmian .
I must go with you to Belmont .	Let me go with you to Belmont .
The chaplain of the Tower hath buried them , But where , to say the truth , I do not know .	The Tower ’ s chaplain has buried them , but to tell you the truth , I don ’ t know where .
I 'll not be far from you .	I won ’ t be far from you .
I dare not , dear , Dear my lord , pardon , I dare not , Lest I be taken .	I don ’ t dare come down — forgive me , my lord — I don ’ t dare , for fear of capture .
Nature shows art , That through thy bosom makes me see thy heart .	Nature has made it so that I can see through your chest all the way to your heart .
If you prick us , do we not bleed ?	If you stick us , don ’ t we bleed ?
Do as I bid thee .	Do as I asked you .
How say you , sir ?	What do you think ?
Why are you breathless , and why stare you so ?	Why are you breathless , and why are you staring like that ?
I am not sick if Brutus have in hand Any exploit worthy the name of honor .	I ’ m not sick if you ’ ve prepared some honorable exploit for me .
I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed .	I have put on those sheets you asked me to .
Solemn music &ket; &bra; Solemn music &ket; &bra; to Alonso &ket; A solemn air , and the best comforter &bra; to Alonso &ket; A solemn To an unsettled fancy , cure thy brains , Now useless , boiled within thy skull .	A solemn song , and the best comforter To an unsettled mind , cure for your brains , Now useless , boiled inside your skull !
Was never mother had so dear a loss .	There was never a mother who suffered so much loss .
No , sir , I say his horse comes , with him on his back .	No , I said his horse is coming , with him on its back .
I will pour some in &bra; Caliban drinks &ket; thy other mouth .	I will pour some in your other mouth .
The elements be kind to thee and make Thy spirits all of comfort !	I hope you have good weather to set your mind at ease .
Amen .	Amen .
No way but gentleness , gently , gently .	Gentleness is the only way to go — gently , gently .
I would I had been there .	I wish I ’ d been there .
Another general shout !	More shouting !
How is 't , brother ?	How is it , brother ?
Fret till your proud heart break .	Go ahead — rage till your proud heart breaks .
Fear it , Ophelia , fear it , my dear sister , And keep you in the rear of your affection , Out of the shot and danger of desire .	Fear it , Ophelia , fear it , my dear sister , And keep your affections deep within you , Out of the range and danger of desire .
Well , I will undertake it .	Well then , I ’ ll do it .
He was quick mettle when he went to school .	He was so sharp when he was in school .
Where is my lady ?	Where ’ s lady Portia ?
Was the hope drunk Wherein you dress 'd yourself ?	Was the hope you dressed yourself in Drunk ?
This Caesar was a tyrant .	Caesar was a tyrant .
Indeed ?	Really ?
Even he .	That ’ s the one .
If a Christian did not play the knave and get thee , I am much deceived .	If a Christian doesn ’ t play the rogue and get you , I am much deceived .
If you love her then , tomorrow wed her .	If you still love her after that , then marry her tomorrow .
Worthy Cawdor !	Worthy Cawdor !
I doubt not that , since we are well-persuaded We carry not a heart with us from hence That grows not in a fair consent with ours , Nor leave not one behind that doth not wish Success and conquest to attend on us .	I have no doubt about that , since I know there isn ’ t a man among us who isn ’ t with me wholeheartedly , or a soul left behind who doesn ’ t wish us success and conquest .
It is too heavy for your Grace to wear .	A sword ’ s too heavy for you to wear .
My lord , I cannot .	My lord , I can ’ t .
A love song , a love song .	A love song , a love song .
Let life be short , else shame will be too long .	Let life be short so that shame won ’ t last too long .
What would my potent master ?	What would my powerful master like ?
Truly , sir , in respect of a fine workman , I am but , as you would say , a cobbler .	Truly , sir , in respect of a fine worker , I ’ m only , as you would say a cobbler .
In honored love .	No .
Prithee , friend , Pour out the pack of matter to mine ear , The good and bad together .	Please , my friend , give me all the news , both good and bad , at the same time .
Farewell .	Good-bye .
She that would be your wife now ran from you .	The one who claims to be your wife just ran away from you .
Nay , the dust Should have ascended to the roof of heaven , Raised by your populous troops .	The dust from your attending troops should have risen to heaven .
He lies to th ' heart .	He ’ s lying through his teeth !
hast thou found my daughter ?	Have you found my daughter ?
I would I were senseless , sir , that I might not feel your blows .	I wish I were senseless , sir , so that I wouldn ’ t feel your punches !
This hand of yours requires A sequester from liberty , fasting , and prayer ,	With a hand like this you need to
How do you mean , removing of him ?	What do you mean , get rid of him ?
First , Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself , which the ladies cannot abide .	First of all , Pyramus has to take out a sword to kill himself , which the ladies in the audience won ’ t be able to stand .
O , once tell true ; tell true , even for my sake !	For once tell the truth ; tell the truth , even for my sake .
Give me to know How this foul rout began , who set it on , And he that is approved in this offense , Though he had twinn 'd with me , both at a birth , Shall lose me .	Let me know How this nasty fight began , who started it , And he that is guilty of this offense , Even if he is my twin brother , both born at the same time , He ’ ll be finished with me .
This is a slight , unmeritable man , Meet to be sent on errands .	He ’ s an unremarkable man , fit only to be sent on errands .
Leonato and his brother .	Leonato and his brother .
The letters that he speaks of May be my friends .	The letters he spoke of may help me .
If it had been painful , I would not have come .	If the job had been painful , I would not have come .
or are you aught That man may question ?	Or are you any thing That man may question ?
Go in with me .	Come back to my house with me .
O Antony , beg not your death of us .	Oh , Antony , don ’ t beg us to kill you .
But did you think the Prince would have served you thus ?	But do you really think the Prince would treat you that way ?
If that the Turkish fleet Be not ensheltered and embayed , they are drowned .	If the Turkish fleet isn ’ t protected in some harbor , their men must all be drowned .
Who comes with her ?	Who ’ s coming with her ?
The cockerel .	The young rooster .
Go put on thy defenses .	Go and put on your own armor .
What ’ s the matter , think you ?	What do you think he wants ?
I am ready now .	I am ready now .
No , it is Casca , one incorporate To our attempts .	No , it is Casca , one who agrees With our attempts .
These foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit .	It ’ s not manly to cry .
I pray you , choose another subject .	Choose another tack .
The same indeed ; a very valiant fellow .	The same indeed ; a very valiant fellow .
The spring , the summer , The childing autumn , angry winter , change Their wonted liveries ; and the mazed world , By their increase , now knows not which is which .	The spring , the summer , The pregnant autumn , and angry winter change Their usual clothes ; and the amazed world , Now doesn ’ t know which is which by their apparel .
Didst thou hear these verses ?	Were you listening to these verses ?
Heaven keep the monster from Othello ’ s mind !	I hope God keeps that monster from growing in Othello ’ s mind !
Marry , sir , with needle and thread .	With a needle and thread .
Welcome , my lord .	Welcome , my lord .
I will have nothing else but only this .	I don ’ t want anything but that .
If a Christian do not play the knave and get thee , I am much deceived .	I ’ m sure some Christian will resort to trickery to get you .
There was , for a while , no money bid for argument unless the poet and the player went to cuffs in the question .	For a while , no play was sold to the theaters without a big fight between the children ’ s playwright and the actors playing adult roles .
Not a soul But felt a fever of the mad and played Some tricks of desperation .	Everyone there got a little crazy and pulled some desperate stunts .
I stand here for law .	I stand here with the law on my side .
Pray you , keep seat .	I beg you , stay seated .
Man is but an ass if he go about to expound this Methought I was — there is no man can tell what dream .	I thought I was — there is no man can tell what .
You wrong me , Brutus .	You wrong me , Brutus .
Oh , I am slain !	Oh , I ’ m dead !
Ay , with Cassio .	Yes , with Cassio .
Dearly my delicate Ariel .	I love you dearly , Ariel .
The villain shall not ’ scape .	The villain won ’ t escape .
Oh , do-de , do-de , do-de .	Oh do-de , do-de , do-de .
A messenger from the galleys .	It ’ s a messenger from the warships .
Yes , the fashion is the fashion .	Yes , fashion is fashion .
It was mine art , When I arrived and heard thee , that made gape The pine and let thee out .	It was my magic that saved you when I arrived on the island and heard you , making the pine tree open and let you out .
Right , as snow in harvest .	Yes , as kind as snow to a harvest .
Tis marvel , but that you are but newly come , You might have heard it else proclaimed about .	It ’ s strange that you haven ’ t heard .
I will weep for thee , For this revolt of thine methinks is like Another fall of man . — Their faults are open .	This treachery of yours is like the second
Do it carefully . — And the noble and true-hearted Kent banished , his offense honesty !	Just do it carefully . — And to think that the noble and loyal Kent has been banished , for the crime of telling the truth !
I am content .	I ’ m satisfied .
What trumpet is that same ?	What trumpet is that one ?
Why have you left the chamber ?	Why did you leave the dining hall ?
But such officers do the King best service in the end .	But such officers do the king best service in the end .
Can you not hate me , as I know you do , But you must join in souls to mock me too ?	Can ’ t you just hate me , as I know you do , Instead of joining together to mock me too ?
I have made no fault .	I haven ’ t done anything to you .
Come by and by to my chamber .	Come to my room later on .
Something he left imperfect in the state which , since his coming forth , is thought of ; which imports to the kingdom so much fear and danger that his personal return was most required and necessary .	It was urgent and important enough to require his personal presence .
The time is free .	We are free from his tyranny .
If it will not be , I ’ ll leave you .	If you won ’ t leave , then
speak , is it out o ' the way ?	Speak , is it missing ?
I am never merry when I hear sweet music .	I ’ m never in the mood to laugh when I hear sweet music .
In him your comfort lives .	Your peace of mind depends on him .
Dromio , what stuff of mine hast thou embarked ?	Dromio , what stuff of mine did you put on a ship ?
Be bloody , bold , and resolute .	Be violent , bold , and firm .
Then , at my farm I have a hundred milch-kine to the pail , Six score fat oxen standing in my stalls , And all things answerable to this portion .	Then , at my farm I have a hundred milk cows , a hundred and twenty fat oxen in my stables , and all the equipment necessary to maintain them .
Nay , but swear 't .	No , but swear it .
And when I have stol 'n upon these sons-in-law , Then , kill , kill , kill , kill , kill , kill !	And when I ’ ve sneaked up on my sons-in-law , then I ’ ll kill , kill , kill , kill , kill , kill !
Read it , Mark Antony .	Read it , Mark Antony .
I fear I wrong the honorable men Whose daggers have stabbed Caesar .	I ’ m afraid that I wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed Caesar .
Tis well consented .	This is a good agreement .
Why , ’ tis not possible .	That ’ s impossible .
Nor for yours neither .	Not for you either .
I would not be delay 'd .	I would not be delayed .
Farewell , therefore , Hero .	Goodbye then , Hero .
I like him not , nor stands it safe with us To let his madness range .	I don ’ t like him , and it doesn ’ t seem to be safe to us To let his craziness run free .
We must have your doublet and hose plucked over your head and show the world what the bird hath done to her own nest .	We should rip off your man ’ s clothing and show the world the woman who has represented her own kind so badly .
Look where the youngest wren of nine comes .	Here comes my little bird .
Now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber .	Now he tells how she brought him to my bedroom .
Say , Voltimand , what from our brother Norway ?	Say , Voltimand , what news from our ally , Norway ?
how , I pray ?	Why ?
No , pray thee , let it serve for table talk .	No , please , save it for dinner conversation .
Perforce I must confess I thought you lord of more true gentleness .	I have to tell you , I thought you were a much kinder person than this .
Lead the way .	Lead the way .
Come , shall we about it ?	Shall we get started ?
What ’ s the matter with thee now ?	What ’ s the matter with you now ?
Ay , my lord , And of calveskins too .	Yes , my lord , And of calf-skins too .
I shall break The cause of our expedience to the Queen And get her leave to part .	I ’ ll tell the Queen the reason for our quick departure and get her permission to leave .
Get you gone , And at the pit of Acheron Meet me i ’ the morning .	Get going , And , at the sunken place by the river Acheron , Meet me in the morning .
Illo , ho , ho , my lord !	Oh-ho-ho , sir !
Alas , what does this gentleman conceive ?	Alas , what does this gentleman mean ?
Doth not the day break here ?	Won ’ t the dawn come from here ?
Is 't not enough , is 't not enough , young man , That I did never , no , nor never can , Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius ' eye , But you must flout my insufficiency ?	Isn ’ t it enough , isn ’ t it enough , young man , That I never did , no , nor never can Deserve a sweet look from Demetrius ' eye , But you must joke about what I ’ m lacking ?
Some villain hath done me wrong .	Some villain has told lies about me .
Ay , you would beg , Were you in my distress .	Yes , you would beg , if you were in my position .
Mark how he trembles in his ecstasy .	He ’ s trembling in his fit !
Thou , like an exorcist , hast conjured up My mortified spirit .	You , like an exorcist , have brought my dead Spirit back to life .
Would he were here !	Would he were here !
Murder !	murder !
Thy mistress ' marks ?	Your mistress ’ s marks ?
So the life that died with shame Lives in death with glorious fame .	So the life that died with shame Lives on with fame .
Peace !	Silence !
And smelt so ?	And smelled like that , too ?
And so do I.	So will I.
There I deny my land service .	That ’ s the one part of my service on land I do deny .
If we do meet again , why , we shall smile .	If we meet again , then we ’ ll smile .
And then the moon , like to a silver bow New bent in heaven , shall behold the night Of our solemnities .	Finally the new moon , curved like a silver bow in the sky , will look down on our wedding celebration .
Why call you me “ love ” ?	Why are you calling me “ love ” ?
Here ’ s Cassio hurt by villains .	Cassio ’ s been wounded .
What say 'st thou , noble heart ?	What do you say , noble heart ?
She gave it him , and he hath given it his whore .	She gave it him , and he has given it his whore .
A false conclusion .	A false conclusion .
Curse not thyself , fair creature ; thou art both .	Don ’ t damn yourself .
What says the silver , with her virgin hue ?	What does the silver say , with her virgin color ?
It is your music , madam , of the house .	It ’ s your music , madam , from your house .
Consider how it stands upon my credit .	Consider how poorly this reflects on me .
God ' ild you , sir .	God bless you , sir .
Or have we eaten on the insane root That takes the reason prisoner ?	Or have we eaten some plant root That makes us hallucinate ?
Which I take to be either a fool or a cipher .	Which is either a fool or a nothing .
Why do you dress me In borrowed robes ?	Why are you giving me his title ?
Ah , he is young , and his minority Is put unto the trust of Richard Gloucester , A man that loves not me nor none of you .	But he ’ s young , and as long as he ’ s too young to become king , Richard , the duke of Gloucester , has power over him .
I pray you do .	Please do .
Stay and speak !	Stay and speak !
I have it not about me .	I don ’ t have it with me .
Shylock is my name .	Shylock is my name .
That you must teach me .	That ’ s what I want you to tell me .
Wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile .	Bad people can ’ t appreciate wisdom or goodness .
To her , my lord , Was I betroth 'd ere I saw Hermia .	I was engaged to her , my lord , Before I saw Hermia .
Thy crown does sear mine eyeballs .	Your crown burns my eyeballs .
And so no doubt he is , my gracious madam .	And no doubt he is , gracious madam .
Ay , and the time seems thirty unto me , Being all this time abandoned from your bed .	Yes , and it seemed twice as long to me , having been kept from your bed that whole time .
I am the second son of old Sir Rowland , That bring these tidings to this fair assembly .	I ’ m Sir Rowland ’ s middle son , and I bring you news .
God bless me from a challenge !	God forbid he wants to challenge me !
Sing it tonight .	Sing it tonight .
Besides , she uses me with a more exalted respect than anyone else that follows her .	Besides , she treats me more respectfully than the other servants .
Indeed , they are disproportioned .	It ’ s true , they ’ re inconsistent .
Sir , his definement suffers no perdition in you , though I know to divide him inventorially would dizzy th ' arithmetic of memory , and yet but yaw neither , in respect of his quick sail .	Sir , your description of him doesn ’ t detract from his good qualities , though I know that trying to list them all would make your head spin , and even so you wouldn ’ t be able to keep up with him .
Go get him surgeons .	Take him to the surgeons .
Look , how our partner 's rapt .	Look , how our partner 's in such deep thought .
Therefore let every man now task his thought , That this fair action may on foot be brought .	Therefore , let every man give some thought to how this noble expedition may be undertaken .
O , yes , my lord !	O , yes , my lord .
I know not what you mean by that , but I am sure Caesar fell down .	I don ’ t know what you mean by that , but I ’ m sure Caesar fell down .
Is it not like the King ?	Isn ’ t it like the King ?
Where hast thou been , my heart ?	Where have you been , my bravery ?
Is this a prologue or the posy of a ring ?	Was that the prologue or the inscription on some wedding ring ?
Will you go see the order of the course ?	Will you go see the order of the winners of the race ?
When remedies are past , the griefs are ended By seeing the worst , which late on hopes depended .	When remedies are too late , griefs are ended By seeing the worst , which hopes lately depended on .
Upon a lie seven times removed . — Bear your body more seeming , Audrey . — As thus , sir : I did dislike the cut of a certain courtier ’ s beard .	I didn ’ t like the way a particular courtier had cut his beard .
At Pembroke , or at Ha 'rfordwest in Wales .	At Pembroke , or at Harfordwest in Wales .
And speak ’ t again , my lord .	Yes , I ’ ll say it again , my lord .
And thence from Athens turn away our eyes To seek new friends and stranger companies .	We ’ ll look for new friends and keep the company of strangers .
This will so fright them both that they will kill one another by the look , like cockatrices .	This will make them both so afraid that they ’ ll kill each other just by looking at each other .
You are very welcome , sir .	You are very welcome here , sir .
That .	Yes , that ’ s the one .
The players cannot keep counsel .	Actors can ’ t keep a secret .
Monster , your fairy , which you say is a harmless fairy , has done little better than played the jack with us .	Hey monster , the spirit you ’ ve been talking about , the one you call harmless , has been playing tricks on us .
Young man , have you challenged Charles the wrestler ?	Young man , have you challenged Charles the Wrestler ?
Rumor it abroad That Anne my wife is very grievous sick .	Spread the rumor abroad that Anne , my wife , is very sick .
This disease is beyond my practice .	This disease is beyond my practice .
O , throw away the worser part of it , And live the purer with the other half , Good night — but go not to my uncle 's bed .	O , throw away the worse part of it , And live the purer life with the other half .
Who ’ s that ?	Who ’ s that ?
Nay then , let the devil wear black , for I ’ ll have a suit of sables .	I ’ ll get myself a fur-trimmed suit .
Lead him off .	Take him away .
You know tomorrow is the wedding day .	You know tomorrow is her wedding day .
Do you hear , Cassio ?	Do you hear me , Cassio ?
But say , sir , is it dinnertime ?	Is it lunchtime ?
A certain aim he took At a fair vestal thronèd by the west , And loosed his love shaft smartly from his bow As it should pierce a hundred thousand hearts .	He took aim at a beautiful young virgin who was sitting on a throne in the western part of the world , and he shot his arrow of love well enough to have pierced a hundred thousand hearts .
I cannot think my sister in the least Would fail her obligation .	I can ’ t believe my sister would neglect her obligations in any way .
If you tickle us , do we not laugh ?	If you tickle us , don ’ t we laugh ?
Patience , good sir .	Please wait , sir .
Hound or spaniel , brach or him , Bobtail tyke or trundle-tail — Tom will make them weep and wail .	Hound or spaniel , bitch or dog , Whether your tail is short or curly — Tom will make you cry and wail .
O my lord !	O my lord !
Then bring me to their sights .	So take me to see them .
Give me thy hand , Messala .	Give me your hand , Messala .
Methinks they are such a gentle nation that , but for the mountain of mad flesh	I think this country is so kind that if it weren ’ t for
I have said .	I mean what I say .
Dead .	Dead .
Enough .	Got it ?
What is my name ?	What ’ s my name ?
Oh , well-a-day , Lady !	Oh , dear .
Now , Signior , where ’ s the Count ?	Now , sir , where is Claudio ?
Nor stony tower , nor walls of beaten brass , Nor airless dungeon , nor strong links of iron , Can be retentive to the strength of spirit ; But life , being weary of these worldly bars , Never lacks power to dismiss itself .	No stony tower , no walls of beaten brass , No airless dungeon , no strong chains of iron Can hold the strength of the spirit ; But life , tired of these worldly bars , Never lacks the power to kill itself .
I see you do not mean to part with her , Or else you like not of my company .	I see you don ’ t intend to part with her — or perhaps you don ’ t like my company .
A good man ’ s fortune may grow out at heels .	Even good men have bad luck .
And he ’ s gone .	And now he ’ s gone .
Hell is murky .	Hell is murky !
Sit down awhile , And let us once again assail your ears , That are so fortified against our story , What we two nights have seen .	Sit down awhile , And let us tell you once again , You who is so stubborn in not believing our story , What we have seen these last two nights .
Ho , ho , ho !	Ho , ho , ho , ho !
But to Orlando : did he leave him there , Food to the sucked and hungry lioness ?	He turned away twice and almost left him there .
Tis a good dullness , And give it way .	It ’ s a nice hazy feeling , so give in to it .
Ay , but the clerk that never means to do it , Unless he live until he be a man .	Yes , but the clerk that never means to do it , Unless he lives until he is a man .
Are there balance here to weigh The flesh ?	Are there scales here to weigh The flesh ?
And I have heard Apollodorus carried — What , I pray you ?	I heard that Apollodorus carried — What did he carry , please ?
The ground indeed is tawny .	The ground is brown .
Despise me , if I do not .	Despise me , if I don ’ t .
Hark , come hither , Tyrrel .	Come here , Tyrrel .
Well , sir , we will not .	Well , we ’ ll stop , then .
So the gods keep you And make the hearts of Romans serve your ends .	So , may the gods protect you and change the hearts of the Romans so that they turn and give you their support .
I 'll not expostulate with her , lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again .	I 'll not argue with her , should her body and beauty change my mind again .
I do obey thee till I give thee bail .	I ’ ll obey you until I can make bail .
A tomb Must cover thy sweet eyes .	The dirt of a grave must cover your sweet eyes !
I had a son , Now outlawed from my blood .	I had a son , whom I ’ ve legally disowned .
Have not you love enough to bear with me , When that rash humor which my mother gave me Makes me forgetful ?	Haven ’ t you got enough love to be patient with me , When that sudden mood which my mother gave me Makes me forgetful ?
Lucentio !	Lucentio !
Well , go to , very well .	Well ; OK ; very well .
I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of .	Look at me crying — what a fool I am to cry at what makes me happy .
How like you the young German , the Duke of Saxony ’ s nephew ?	How did you like the young German , the duke of Saxony ’ s nephew ?
Now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber .	Now he ’ s saying how she took him into our bedroom .
Upon the stroke of four .	It ’ s almost four .
Twas of some estate .	It was of some nobility .
Nod to him , elves , and do him courtesies .	Greet him , elves , and do him courtesies .
But ere they came , – O , let me say no more !	But before they reached us – let me say no more !
What wood is this before us ?	What wood is this before us ?
I warrant you .	Of course I will .
There ’ s other business for thee .	There ’ s other work for you to do .
No , forbear .	No , don ’ t .
Yet here she is allowed her virgin crants , Her maiden strewments , and the bringing home Of bell and burial .	But she has had prayers read for her and is dressed up like a pure virgin , with flowers tossed on her grave and the bell tolling for her .
Why , stay and hear me speak .	Why not stay and hear me talk to him ?
So God sa ' me , ’ tis shame to stand still .	It ’ s a disgrace to us all .
Good sister , let us dine and never fret .	Sister , let ’ s eat and stop worrying .
I must and will have Katherine to my wife .	I must and will have Katherine for my wife .
What committed ?	What have you done ?
Is there no offence in 't ?	It ’ s not offensive , is it ?
It seems not meet , nor wholesome to my place , To be produced — as , if I stay , I shall — Against the Moor .	It doesn ’ t seem right or suitable to my position To be a witness ( which I will be if I stay ) , Against the Moor .
Have you no more to say ?	Do you have anything else to tell me ?
Sir , in my heart there was a kind of fighting That would not let me sleep .	Sir , there was a kind of fighting in my heart That wouldn ’ t let me sleep .
Tis better , sir , to be brief than tedious . — Let him see our commission , and talk no more .	Well , sir , it ’ s better to say little than to be tedious .
O Sisters three , Come , come to me With hands as pale as milk .	Oh , Fate , come , come to me , with hands as pale as milk .
I marry her !	Me , marry her ?
Swords out , and tilting one at other ’ s breasts In opposition bloody .	I don ’ t
My father dead , my fortune lives for me .	My father ’ s dead , and his fortune is mine now .
Where are thy two sons ?	Your two sons ?
And let the laboring bark climb hills of seas Olympus high , and duck again as low As hell 's from heaven !	And let the laboring ship climb hills of oceans As high as Olympus , and duck down again as low As hell is from heaven !
Or if thou hast not sat as I do now , Wearying thy hearer in thy mistress ’ s praise , Thou hast not loved .	Or if you haven ’ t sat as I do now , boring your listener with all your lover ’ s virtues , then you haven ’ t loved .
We shall lose our time , And all be turned to barnacles , or to apes With foreheads villanous low .	We shall lose our opportunity , And we ’ ll all be turned into geese , or into apes With villainous , low foreheads .
Nay , if an oily palm be not a fruitful prognostication , I cannot scratch mine ear . — Prithee , tell her but a workaday fortune .	Well , if a moist palm isn ’ t a clear sign of promiscuity , then I can ’ t scratch my own ear .
Start , eyes !	Come out of your sockets , eyes !
Let it appear so .	Show it !
I see , lady , the gentleman is not in your books .	I can see you don ’ t like this gentleman .
Less than an ace , man ; for he is dead ; he is nothing .	Less than an ace , man ; for he is dead ; he is nothing .
In Sicyon .	In Sicyon .
So do the kings of France unto this day , Howbeit they would hold up this Salic law To bar your Highness claiming from the female And rather choose to hide them in a net Than amply to imbar their crooked titles Usurped from you and your progenitors .	To this day , the kings of France follow this unspoken rule , even though they point to this Salic law to bar your Highness from inheriting it through the female line .
I would not see ’ t .	I would not .
How can it he ?	How can it be ?
Most worthy gentleman , I , and my friend , Have by your wisdom been this day acquitted Of grievous penalties ; in lieu whereof , Three thousand ducats , due unto the Jew , We freely cope your courteous pains withal .	Most worthy gentleman , my friend and I Have been acquitted today Of grievous penalties by your wisdom ; instead of Three thousand dollars , due to the Jew , We will freely pay for your courteous pains .
The exhalations whizzing in the air Give so much light that I may read by them .	The vapors , whizzing in the air Give off so much light that I can read by them . — " Brutus , you sleep .
Remember that you call on me today .	Remember to see me today .
And this cuff was but to knock at your ear and beseech list 'ning .	I was just knocking to see if anyone was home .
Ay me , what act , That roars so loud and thunders in the index ?	Ah me , what act Roars so loudly and thunders in the wind ?
Miserable England , I prophesy the fearfull ’ st time to thee That ever wretched age hath looked upon . — Come , lead me to the block .	Miserable England , I foresee for you the most frightening time you have ever experienced . — Come , lead me to the block .
He was a bachelor then .	When I first heard about him , he was still a bachelor .
Away !	Let ’ s go !
Be gone !	Go home !
Abhor it , fear it , do not enter it .	Hate it , fear it , do not come inside .
Why , what ’ s the matter ?	Why , what ’ s the matter ?
Sweet Hero , now thy image doth appear In the rare semblance that I loved it first .	Sweet Hero ; when I imagine you now , you seem as beautiful as you did when I first loved you .
Their sense thus weak , lost with their fears thus strong , Made senseless things begin to do them wrong , For briers and thorns at their apparel snatch ; Some sleeves , some hats , from yielders all things catch .	Their senses thus weakened , lost within their strong fears , Made senseless things begin to do them wrong , Because briers and thorns catch their clothes , Some sleeves , some hats .
Tis dangerous to be spoken .	It ’ s dangerous to talk about it .
Tis strange that they should so depart from home , And not send back my messenger .	It ’ s strange that Regan and her husband left their house without sending back my messenger .
Words , words , words .	A lot of words .
All the power of his wits have given way to his impatience .	He can ’ t bear his grief and so he ’ s losing his mind .
I warrant it is to knight you , Captain .	I ’ m sure it is to knight you , Captain .
Had you rather Caesar were living and die all slaves , than that Caesar were dead to live all freemen ?	Would you rather Caesar were living , and you all die slaves , than that Caesar were dead , so you all live freemen ?
The Fairyland buys not the child of me .	I won ’ t give up this child for all of Fairyland .
Draw , you rogue , or I ’ ll so carbonado your shanks .	Draw your sword , scoundrel , or I ’ ll slice your thighs like flank steak .
Mine eyes do itch ; Doth that bode weeping ?	My eyes itch ; Does that predict tears ?
And wilt thou have me ?	And will you have me ?
All three Now marry in an instant .	All three of us will marry now in death .
But such officers do the king best service in the end .	So get ready to leave .
Wherein we saw thee quietly interred , Hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws To cast thee up again .	where we quietly buried you , has opened up its heavy marble jaws to spit you out again .
I am very ill at ease , Unfit for mine own purposes .	I ’ m very uncomfortable , and that won ’ t help my case .
What form ?	what form ?
And for Cassio , let me be his undertaker .	And for Cassio , let me be his undertaker .
Nobody come ?	Nobody ’ s coming ?
Then , if we lose this battle , You are contented to be led in triumph Thorough the streets of Rome ?	Then , if we lose this battle , You ’ re contented to be led in triumph Thorough the streets of Rome ?
All ’ s well , sweeting , Come away to bed . — Myself will be your surgeon .	Everything ’ s fine , now , sweetheart .
I had most need of blessing , and “ Amen ” Stuck in my throat .	I really needed blessing , and the " Amen " Stuck in my throat .
Confess ? — Handkerchief ? — O devil !	O devil !
If you call me Jephthah , my lord , I have a daughter that I love passing well .	If you ’ re calling me Jephthah , my lord , I do have a daughter I love more than anything , yes .
My master will be here ere morning .	My master will be here in the morning .
Well , Jessica , go in .	Anyway , Jessica , go inside .
He ’ s married , madam .	He ’ s married , madam .
Good morrow to you both .	That ’ s right , uncle , talk to your heart , like the Good morning to you both .
Even she : Leonato ’ s Hero , your Hero , every man ’ s Hero .	That ’ s the one : Leonato ’ s Hero , your Hero , every man ’ s Hero .
Lysander , keep thy Hermia .	Lysander , keep your Hermia .
We 'll ha 't tomorrow night .	We 'll have it tomorrow night .
Then tell me If this might be a brother .	Then tell me if Antonio can be called a brother .
These are the forgeries of jealousy .	These are nothing but jealous lies .
How now , Lorenzo ?	How are you , Lorenzo ?
Of nothing .	Of nothing .
I know thee , Roderigo .	I know who you are .
The sight is dismal , And our affairs from England come too late .	This is a horrible sight .
Yet there he was , and there I found this credit , That he did range the town to seek me out .	But he ’ d been there before me , and they told me he ’ d gone out looking for me .
But in this kind , wanting your father ’ s voice , The other must be held the worthier .	But since your father doesn ’ t want him to marry you , you have to consider Demetrius to be the better man .
Be patient till the last .	Please wait until I finish .
I do love it better than laughing .	I like it better than laughing .
The age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe . — How long hast thou been a grave-maker ?	How long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot ?
Infirm of purpose !	Coward !
Foul words is but foul wind , and foul wind is but foul breath , and foul breath is noisome .	If you had foul words in your mouth , then your breath must be foul , and foul breath is nauseating .
Therefore the moon , the governess of floods , Pale in her anger , washes all the air , That rheumatic diseases do abound .	So the pale , angry moon , who controls the tides , fills the air with diseases .
If not , your pardon and my return shall be the end of my business .	If not , I ’ ll leave you alone and that ’ ll be the end of my business .
My mistress , dearest ; And I thus humble ever .	My mistress , dearest ; And I am humble forever .
But it is no matter .	But it ’ s not important .
Tis false .	It ’ s not true .
Trust me , I take him for the better dog .	I swear he ’ s the better dog .
Canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes awhile , And touch thy instrument a strain or two ?	Can you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your lute ?
The poison of that lies in you to temper .	That part is up to you .
Now , by yon marble heaven , In the due reverence of a sacred vow I here engage my words .	I swear to God I ’ ll get revenge .
Now in respect it is in the fields , it pleaseth me well ; but in respect it is not in the court , it is tedious .	Now , I ’ m very pleased with it being outdoors , but in its not being at the court , it is boring .
I saw ’ t not , thought it not , it harmed not me .	I never saw it or suspected it , so it never hurt me .
Hail , King of Scotland !	Hail , King of Scotland !
Legged like a man and his fins like arms !	This guy has legs like a man but fins for arms !
Therefore know I have earned of Don John a thousand ducats .	You should know I ’ ve earned a thousand gold pieces from Don John .
Here 's a farmer that hanged himself on th ’ expectation of plenty .	It must be a farmer that hanged himself on the expectation of a large crop .
A credulous father , and a brother noble — Whose nature is so far from doing harms That he suspects none , on whose foolish honesty My practices ride easy .	A gullible father and a brother who ’ s so innocent that he can ’ t suspect anyone else of wanting to hurt him — these are the two fools I need for my plan to work .
Hear me , Beatrice — Talk with a man out at a window !	Listen to me , Beatrice — Talking with a man outside her bedroom window !
Threescore and ten I can remember well , Within the volume of which time I have seen Hours dreadful and things strange , but this sore night Hath trifled former knowings .	I can remember the past seventy years pretty well , and in all that time I have seen dreadful hours and strange things .
What do you mean To dote thus on such luggage ?	Why are you going crazy over these trashy clothes ?
But I pray you , who is his companion ?	But please tell me , who ’ s his best friend ?
Is he not honest ?	Isn ’ t he honest ?
Bring the villain forth .	Bring the villain out .
Why , sir , cobble you .	Cobble you , sir .
Thrift , thrift , Horatio .	Thrift , thrift , Horatio !
From the Count Orsino , is it ?	Was he sent by Count Orsino ?
When shall we three meet again ?	When should the three of us meet again ?
Wilt thou do this ?	Will you do this ?
Come , come , no longer will I be a fool , To put the finger in the eye and weep Whilst man and master laugh my woes to scorn .	I won ’ t play the fool anymore and just cry while my husband and his man laugh at me .
If he be , he knows how to turn his girdle .	If he is , that ’ s his problem .
Peace there !	Peace there !
Helen , it is not so .	Helena , it ’ s not true .
But what of Cicero ?	But what about Cicero ?
He will keep that good name still .	That part of his reputation will stand .
But that thy strange mutations make us hate thee , Life would not yield to age .	We age and die because they wear us out .
Put on what weary negligence you please , You and your fellow servants .	Be as lazy and neglectful as you like around him — you and the other servants .
My honoured lord !	My honored lord !
Hang her !	Hang her !
Look how the floor of heaven Is thick inlaid with patens of bright gold .	Look at the stars , see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks of bright gold .
Come on , Nerissa , I have work in hand That you yet know not of .	Come on , Nerissa , I have many things to do that you don ’ t even know about yet .
Nor will not .	Think about it carefully .
Is ink and paper ready ?	Is my ink and paper ready ?
My mind is changed .	I changed my mind .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
He shall spurn fate , scorn death , and bear His hopes ' bove wisdom , grace , and fear .	He will be fooled into thinking he is greater than fate , he will mock death , and he will think he is above wisdom , grace , and fear .
Signior Baptista , my business asketh haste , And every day I cannot come to woo .	Signior Baptista , I ’ m actually in a bit of a hurry .
Ay , ay , three thousand ducats .	Yes , yes , three thousand dollars .
I mean , my lord , the opposition of your person in trial .	I mean , my lord , the fight of your person in trial .
From Silvius , sir .	From Silvius , sir .
Dismiss me ?	Send me away ?
Yet this is your harmless fairy , monster .	And you called the fairy creature harmless , monster .
He never gave commandment for their death .	He never gave orders for their deaths .
The king mine uncle is to blame for it .	My uncle the king is to blame for this .
So again , good night .	So again , goodnight .
Go sleep , and hear us .	Go to sleep , and listen to us .
But all the charms of love , Salt Cleopatra , soften thy wanned lip !	Lecherous Cleopatra , may all the charms of love soften those withered lips !
What dost thou mean ?	What are you thinking ?
I shall have glory by this losing day More than Octavius and Mark Antony By this vile conquest shall attain unto .	I ’ ll have glory in this losing day — more than Octavius and Mark Antony will gain by their foul conquest .
Do not fear our person .	It ’ s not manly .
We 'll wait upon your lordship .	We 'll wait for your lordship .
The moon methinks looks with a watery eye .	The moon looks sad to me .
They were traitors .	They were traitors .
Adieu , noble Agrippa .	Good-bye , noble Agrippa .
If every of your wishes had a womb , And fertile every wish , a million .	If every time you wished for a child you could have had one , you would have a million children .
My lord .	My lord ?
Out upon it , old carrion !	A rebel !
But did I never speak of all that time ?	But I never spoke the whole time ?
Servant-monster ?	Servant-monster !
Where 's Publius ?	Where 's Publius ?
Why , whose is it ?	Why , whose is it ?
Why , I said nothing .	Why , I said nothing .
I cannot drink too much of Brutus ' love .	I cannot drink too much of Brutus ’ s love .
Good morrow , Brutus .	Good morning , Brutus .
When a wise man gives thee better counsel , give me mine again .	And when a wise man gives you better advice than I just did , give me my advice back again .
First , I must tell thee this : Desdemona is directly in love with him .	First , I must tell you this Desdemona is directly in love with him .
Well , sir , learn to jest in good time .	Well , learn to make jokes at the appropriate time .
That is , to watch her , as we watch these kites That bate and beat and will not be obedient .	the way trainers do with young hawks that flutter and flap and will not obey .
Take note , take note , O world , To be direct and honest is not safe .	It ’ s not safe to be straightforward and honest .
But he that filches from me my good name Robs me of that which not enriches him And makes me poor indeed .	But if you steal my reputation , you ’ re robbing me of something that doesn ’ t make you richer , but makes me much poorer .
I blame you not for praising Caesar so ; But what compact mean you to have with us ?	I don ’ t blame you for praising Caesar so ; But what agreement do mean you to have with us ?
Sweet soul , take heed , Take heed of perjury ; thou are on thy deathbed .	Sweet soul , take care , Take care of perjury ; you are on your death-bed .
Well , keep me company but two years more , Thou shalt not know the sound of thine own tongue .	Well , keep me company for only two more years , and You ’ ll never know the sound of your own voice .
Still in this fashion , color , ornament , For him I imitate .	with the same accessories .
Although I hate her , I ’ ll not harm her so .	Sure , I hate her , but I wouldn ’ t hurt her .
Love-news , in faith .	Love news , in faith .
Thou runaway , thou coward , art thou fled ?	You runaway , you coward , have you run away ?
Go on before .	Go on ahead .
What have I done , that thou darest wag thy tongue In noise so rude against me ?	What have I done , that you dare scream at me So loudly and rudely ?
Upon my knees , what doth your speech import ?	On my knees , what does your speech mean ?
But , peace !	Only , peace !
I once more take my leave .	Once more , I ’ m leaving .
Thus hath he lost sixpence a day during his life .	He would have gotten a pension of six pence a day for his whole life .
Is ’ t long or round ?	Was it long or round ?
There shall the pairs of faithful lovers be Wedded , with Theseus , all in jollity .	There the pairs of faithful lovers shall be Married , with Theseus , all in jollity .
I must perforce .	I have no choice .
What , art mad ?	What , are you crazy ?
Let him go And presently prefer his suit to Caesar .	He should go up and offer his petition to Caesar now .
And mine , to eke out hers .	Mine too , to join hers .
Our power is ready ; Our lack is nothing but our leave .	The army is ready .
Let your epilogue alone .	Forget your epilogue .
I an itching palm ?	I ’ m greedy !
Here thought they to have done Some wanton charm upon this man and miad , Whose vows are that no bed-right shall be paid Till Hymen 's torch be lighted — but in vain .	They thought they would do Some naughty charm on this man and maiden , Who have vowed that they will not sleep together Until the god of marriage 's torch is lit , but they thought so in vain .
He has deserved it , were it carbuncled Like holy Phoebus ’ car .	He deserves it , even if it were covered with jewels like holy
What is it ?	What ’ s that ?
Now know you , Casca , I have moved already Some certain of the noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-dangerous consequence ; And I do know , by this they stay for me In Pompey 's Porch .	Now you know , Casca , I have already persuaded Some certain of the noblest-minded Romans To join me in an undertaking Of honorable / dangerous consequence ; And I know by this , they are waiting for me In Pompey 's Porch .
I was too young that time to value her , But now I know her .	I was too young at the time to appreciate her value , but now I know her .
And most chirurgeonly .	And almost like a licensed surgeon .
Nay , I care not for their names .	Nah , I don ’ t care what their
There is no fear in him .	There ’ s nothing to fear in him .
Why , Jessica !	Why , Jessica !
What say you ?	What do you say ?
I would cure you if you would but call me Rosalind and come every day to my cote and woo me .	I could cure you , if you just called me Rosalind and came by my cottage every day to woo me .
What is your pleasure , madam ?	What can I do for you , madam ?
Helen , it is not so .	Helena , it ’ s not true .
Dear master , I can go no further .	Dear master , I can ’ t go any farther .
Ay , he .	Yes , that ’ s the one .
Not where he eats , but where he is eaten .	Is he attacking the heartland of Poland or some frontier ?
Why let it strike ?	Why “ let it strike ” ?
The more my prayer , the lesser is my grace .	The more I pray , the less I get out of it .
Open ’ t , and read it .	Open it and read it .
I know her answer .	She I can guess her answer .
Those that are good manners at the court are as ridiculous in the country as the behavior of the country is most mockable at the court .	The good manners of the court look as silly in the country as country behavior is laughable at the court .
Who is ’ t that cried ?	Who ’ s shouting ?
Nothing ?	Nothing ?
Awake remembrance of these valiant dead And with your puissant arm renew their feats .	Awaken the memory of those valiant ancestors and with your own powerful arm make their deeds live again .
I should venture purgatory for 't .	I would risk purgatory for it .
Call Philostrate .	Let me see Philostrate .
What ’ s your grace ’ s will ?	What does your grace want ?
No .	No .
Well , sir , we will not .	Well , sir , we won ’ t .
All things shall be well .	Everything will be all right .
Is it a true thing ?	Does it mean being truthful ?
Had you rather Caesar were living and die all slaves , than that Caesar were dead , to live all free men ?	Would you rather that Caesar were living and we would all go to our graves as slaves , or that Caesar were dead and we all lived as free men ?
Therefore , as I am bound , Receive it from me .	So please listen to me .
The thoughts of people .	almost read people ’ s thoughts .
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
I am a Jew .	Because I ’ m a Jew .
If he say so , may his pernicious soul Rot half a grain a day !	If he said so , may his evil soul Rot half a grain a day !
Be patient , for the prize I ’ ll bring thee to Shall hoodwink this mischance .	Be patient , because the prize I ’ m leading you to will make you forget how smelly you are now .
By this kind of chase I should hate him , for my father hated his father dearly .	By that kind of logic , I should hate Orlando , since my father hates his father .
Ay , indeed !	Yes , really .
Hence !	Now get out of here !
I 'll send my prayers with him .	I 'll send my prayers with him .
As I stood here below , methought his eyes Were two full moons .	From down here , I thought his eyes looked like full moons .
Meet me and Gratiano , At Gratiano 's lodging some hour hence .	Meet me and Gratiano At Gratiano 's house in about an hour .
Here ’ s a night pities neither wise man nor fool .	This storm has no pity for either wise men or fools .
Very well .	Very well .
And another storm brewing , I hear it sing i ' th ' wind .	And there ’ s another storm brewing — I can hear it in the way the wind whistles .
Where ’ s Monsieur Cobweb ?	Where ’ s Monsieur Cobweb ?
Whither is he going ?	Where ’ s he going ?
The Jew shall have all justice .	The Jew will have justice .
A stoup of wine !	Bring us some wine !
It stops me here , it is too much of joy .	It ’ s too much .
Come , come and take a queen Worth many babes and beggars !	Come , and you can have a queen .
I am your wife , if you will marry me .	I am your wife , if you will marry me ; If not , I 'll die your virgin .
And she goes down at twelve .	The moon goes down at twelve .
If I do live , I will be good to thee .	If I live through this , I ’ ll be good to you .
Let them go .	Let them go .
Wouldst thou do such a thing for all the world ?	Would you do such a deed for all the world ?
No , let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp , And crook the pregnant hinges of the knee Where thrift may follow fawning .	No , let the sweet tongue lick ridiculous vain glory , And bend the obvious hinges of the knee Where poverty may follow flattery .
But he that will believe all that they say shall never be saved by half that they do .	But if you believe everything they say , you won ’ t be saved by half of what they do .
There lies your way , due west .	I wish you all the best .
We do , my lord .	We are , my lord .
Hover through the fog and filthy air .	Let ’ s float through the fog and filthy air .
Oh , now , who will behold The royal captain of this ruined band	He bids them good morning with a modest smile and calls
Therefore beware my censure , and keep your promise .	So beware of my contempt , and keep your promise .
Sirrah young gamester , your father were a fool To give thee all and in his waning age Set foot under thy table .	Your father would be a fool to give you all his wealth and spend his declining years as a guest in your house .
But for his purpose in the coronation , I have not sounded him , nor he delivered His gracious pleasure any way therein .	I know he holds me dear , but I haven ’ t asked him about the coronation , and he hasn ’ t told me .
By heaven , I 'll make a ghost of him that lets me .	By heaven , I ’ ll make a ghost of him that holds me back !
With naught but truth .	It ’ s the truth .
Kneel not , gentle Portia .	Don ’ t kneel , noble Portia .
No , let me know ; And knowing what I am , I know what she shall be .	No , let me know ; And knowing what I am , I know what she shall be .
And yours of Helena to me bequeath , Whom I do love and will do till my death .	In exchange , give up your claim to love Helena , since I love her and will love her until I die .
Where is the evidence that doth accuse me ?	Where ’ s the evidence against me ?
If I can fasten but one cup upon him , With that which he hath drunk tonight already , He ’ ll be as full of quarrel and offense As my young mistress ' dog .	If I can just get him to drink one more glass after what he ’ s drunk already , he ’ ll be as argumentative and eager to fight as a little dog .
Your grandfather of famous memory , an ’ t please your Majesty , and your great-uncle Edward the Plack Prince of Wales , as I have read in the chronicles , fought a most prave pattle here in France .	If I may say so , your Majesty , your famous grandfather and your great-uncle Edward , the Black Prince of Wales — or so I ’ ve read in the history books — fought a very brave battle here in France .
Back you shall not to the house , unless you undertake that with me which with as much safety you might answer him .	You can ’ t go back into the house unless you want to fight with me — and if you ’ re willing to do that , you might as well just go and fight with him .
Talk not , Signior Gremio .	Be quiet , Signior Gremio .
Let us toward the king .	Let ’ s go to the king .
But , good Kate , mock me mercifully , the rather , gentle princess , because I love thee cruelly .	But mock me gently , dear Kate , because I love you terribly .
I frown upon him , yet he loves me still .	I frown at him , but he still loves me .
Well , sit we down , And let us hear Barnardo speak of this .	Well , let ’ s sit down and listen to Barnardo tell us .
It is the more like to be feigned .	That means it ’ s more likely to be fake .
I do assure thee , father , so it is .	I assure you , sir , it ’ s true .
Silence bestows that virtue on it , madam .	Silence bestows that virtue on it , madam .
Age cannot wither her , nor custom stale Her infinite variety .	Age won ’ t wither her , and her charms are so varied that she never grows boring .
Let ’ s mock the midnight bell .	Let ’ s drink through midnight .
Where art thou , Pindarus ?	Where are you , Pindarus ?
But yet , I say , If imputation and strong circumstances , Which lead directly to the door of truth , Will give you satisfaction , you may have 't .	But still , I say , If suggestion and strong circumstances Which lead directly to the door of truth , Will give you satisfaction , you may have it .
Who is here so rude that would not be a Roman ?	Who here is so barbarous that he doesn ’ t want to be a Roman ?
They are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that .	They are sheep and calves which seek out assurance in that .
Therefore heaven nature charged That one body should be filled With all graces wide-enlarged .	Heaven commanded Nature To fill her one body With all the graces that women contain .
Who brought them ?	Who brought them ?
What passion hangs these weights upon my tongue ?	What is this passion that ties up my tongue ?
All ’ s but naught .	Now all is for nothing .
My noble father , I do perceive here a divided duty .	My noble father , I see a divided duty here .
Mutton ?	Mutton ?
And let him hold his fingers thus , and through that cranny shall Pyramus and Thisbe whisper .	He can hold his fingers in a V-shape like this , and Pyramus and Thisbe can whisper to each other through that little crack .
So shall I , love , And so , I pray , be you .	That ’ s exactly what I ’ ll do , my love , and I hope you ’ ll do the same .
Put money enough in your purse .	Put a lot of cash together .
You may think perchance that I think you are in love .	Maybe you think that I think you ’ re in love .
These hands do lack nobility that they strike A meaner than myself , since I myself Have given myself the cause .	My hands are tainted if they hit an inferior , especially since I myself am the cause of my own distress .
Nothing , madam .	Not a bit , madam .
I shall grow jealous of you shortly , Launcelot , if you thus get my wife into corners .	You ’ re going to make me jealous , Launcelot , if you keep taking my wife into dark corners like this !
Strange things I have in head , that will to hand , Which must be acted ere they may be scanned .	I have to do these things before I have a chance to think about them .
How comes it now , my husband , O , how comes it That thou art thus estranged from thyself ?	How is it , my husband — oh , how is it — that you have become a stranger to yourself ?
There 's rue for you , and here 's some for me .	there 's rue for you , and here 's some for me .
Prithee no more !	I beg you , no more !
There I shall see mine own figure .	There I ’ ll see only myself .
That thou dost love my daughter from thy soul .	That you love my daughter to spite your soul .
tis here !	It is here !
I would these dewy tears were from the ground .	I wish there wasn ’ t so much dew on the ground .
This sword but shown to Caesar , with this tidings , Shall enter me with him .	I only need to show your sword to Caesar and tell him about your death to get into his good favor .
And yon tall anchoring bark ,	That big ship over there looks no bigger
But they ’ ll nor pinch , Fright me with urchin-shows , pitch me i ' th ' mire , Nor lead me like a firebrand in the dark Out of my way , unless he bid ' em .	They won ’ t pinch me , frighten me , push me in the mud , or mislead me unless he tells them to .
Shall we rouse the night owl in a catch that will draw three souls out of one weaver ?	Should we sing a round to wake up the night owl ?
And I his clerk ; therefore be well advis 'd How you do leave me to mine own protection .	And I his clerk ; so be well advised How you leave me to my own protection .
What speech , my good lord ?	What speech , my lord ?
So shall I clothe me in a forced content , And shut myself up in some other course , To fortune ’ s alms .	Then I could stop wondering , and find some other career .
Go , get thee hence .	Go , get out !
I did not think he had been acquainted with her .	I didn ’ t think he had been acquainted with her .
Commend me to my kind lord .	Give my love to my kind husband .
My gracious sovereign .	My gracious king .
And let our hearts , as subtle masters do , Stir up their servants to an act of rage And after seem to chide ' em .	Let ’ s be angry only long enough to do the deed , and then let ’ s act like we ’ re disgusted by what we had to do .
Well , sir , for want of other idleness , I ’ ll bide your proof .	I ’ m listening to you only because I ’ ve got nothing better to do .
Be valiant , and speed well .	Be brave and do well !
I ’ ll not budge an inch , boy .	I ’ m not moving an inch , pal .
Tempt not too much the hatred of my spirit ; For I am sick when I do look on thee .	Don ’ t try my patience and push me too hard , Because the sight of you makes me sick .
Why , shall we turn to men ?	Why , are we turning to men ?
The bounty and the benison of heaven To boot and boot .	May heaven bless you .
Therefore be out of hope , of question , of doubt ; Be certain , nothing truer ; ' tis no jest That I do hate thee and love Helena .	Therefore be out of hope , of question , doubt , Be certain , nothing truer ; it ’ s no joke That I do hate you and love Helena .
What hands are here ?	What kind of hands are these ?
So are the Prince and Claudio , who accused her Upon the error that you heard debated .	And the Prince and Claudio , who accused her , are innocent as well , because they were deceived by Don John .
My mistress and her sister stays for you .	My mistress and her sister are waiting for you .
Why came not the slave back to me when I called him .	Why didn ’ t the jerk come back to me when I called him ?
Where is thy master , Dromio ?	Where ’ s your master , Dromio ?
Good morrow to this fair assembly .	Good morning to all these lovely people .
How now , spirit ?	Hello , spirit !
Let not the heavens hear these telltale women Rail on the Lord ’ s anointed .	Don ’ t let the heavens hear these chattery women abuse the Lord ’ s anointed king .
Is he come home yet ?	Has he come home yet ?
Then you shall be his surety .	Then you shall be his insurance .
If it be found so , some will dear abide it .	If it ’ s found to be so , someone will dearly pay for it .
Captain Macmorris , when there is more better opportunity to be required , look you , I will be so bold as to tell you I know the disciplines of war , and there is an end .	Captain Macmorris , when we have more leisure , see , I will be so bold as to show you I know about the practice of warfare , and that ’ s that .
What , is he angry ?	What , is he angry ?
I am not mad , Sir Topas .	I ’ m not insane , Sir Topas .
I will look him and privily relieve him .	I ’ ll look for him and secretly help him .
You may as well say , that ’ s a valiant flea that dare eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion .	You might just as well say , “ That ’ s a valiant flea that dares to eat its breakfast on the lip of a lion . ” Yes , exactly .
Grandam , his nurse .	His nurse , grandmother .
How it did grieve Macbeth !	How it grieved Macbeth !
Heaven knows what she has known .	Heaven knows what she has known .
That matter is answered directly .	That matter is answered directly .
You embrace your charge too willingly .	But when You take up your duties too cheerfully .
Why do you speak so faintly ?	Why do you speak so softly ?
That ?	That ?
Why , madam , have I offered love for this , To be so flouted in this royal presence ?	Why , madam , have I offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king ?
What prisoners of good sort are taken , uncle ?	What prisoners of rank have been taken , uncle ?
As they pass by , pluck Casca by the sleeve , And he will , after his sour fashion , tell you What hath proceeded worthy note today .	As they pass by , grab Casca by the sleeve , and he ’ ll tell you if anything important happened today — in his usual sour way .
Over thy wounds now do I prophesy — Which , like dumb mouths , do ope their ruby lips To beg the voice and utterance of my tongue — A curse shall light upon the limbs of men .	Over your wounds — which , like speechless mouths , open their red lips , as though to beg me to speak — I predict that a curse will fall upon the bodies of men .
Knock , sir ?	Knock , sir ?
Husband ?	Husband ?
Run to the Capitol , and nothing else ?	Run to the Capitol and nothing else ?
That 's my noble master !	That 's my noble master !
Judgment !	Judges ?
Therefore no more , but to the matter !	OK , I ’ ll say no more but to the problem .
O God !	O God !
Madam , I ’ ll take my leave .	Madam , I ’ d better leave now .
Let me have open means to come to them , And soon I ’ ll rid you from the fear of them .	Give me access to them , and soon you won ’ t have to worry about them anymore .
So the maid that stood in the way for my wish shall show me the way to my will .	That way , the maiden that stood between me and them shall be the means of my achieving my desire .
Both which , Master Constable — You have .	Both of which , master constable — You have .
Be thou my witness that against my will , As Pompey was , am I compelled to set Upon one battle all our liberties .	You ’ ll be my witness that I ’ ve been forced , as Pompey was , to wager all of our freedoms on one battle .
And now I have the boy , I will undo This hateful imperfection of her eyes .	And now that I have the boy , I will undo This hateful spell that I have put on her eyes .
Till then , enough .	Until then , enough .
Where did you die ?	Where did you die ?
I pray thee , cease thy counsel , Which falls into mine ears as profitless As water in a sieve .	Stop advising me ; your words pass through my ears like water through a sieve .
Why , look you there !	Why , look there !
Delay not , Caesar ; read it instantly .	Don ’ t delay , Caesar ; read it instantly .
He speaks well .	He speaks well .
As plain as I see you now .	Yes , she saw me quite clearly .
Faith , e 'en with losing his wits .	Actually , even by losing his mind .
I learned it in England , where indeed they are most potent in potting .	I learned it in England , where , indeed , they are very powerful drinkers .
Did not you hear a cry ?	Didn ’ t you hear a cry ?
They must lie there .	They have to stay there .
I thought the king had more affected the Duke of Albany than Cornwall .	I thought the king preferred the Duke of Albany to the Duke of Cornwall .
Mistress , both man and master is possessed .	Mistress , both the man and his master are possessed .
What are you ?	What about you ?
Twas a sweet marriage , and we prosper well in our return .	It was a sweet wedding , and we were doing so well on our return .
Now I must To the young man send humble treaties , dodge And palter in the shifts of lowness , who With half the bulk o ’ th ’ world played as I pleased , Making and marring fortunes .	Now I will have to send my humble proposal of peace to that young man .
Wherefore to Dover , sir ?	Why Dover ?
God has given you one face and you make yourselves another .	God gives you one face , but you paint another on top of it .
The name of Cassius honors this corruption , And chastisement doth therefore hide his head .	The name of Cassius honors this corruption , And , for that reason , punishment hides his head .
Not poppy , nor mandragora , Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world , Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep Which thou owedst yesterday .	Not poppy , nor mandragora , Nor all the drowsy drugs of the world , Shall ever bring you that sweet sleep Which you had yesterday .
Heaven make thee free of it .	God will free you from blame .
Fare you well .	Goodbye , then .
No .	No .
There ’ s one at the gate .	I told you , someone ’ s at the gate .
Now will I to the chink , To spy an I can hear my Thisbe ’ s face .	I ’ ll go to the hole to see if I can hear my Thisbe ’ s face .
We ’ ll know all our fortunes .	We ’ ll all want our fortune told .
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .
Oh !	Oh !
Will you to Scone ?	Are you going to Scone ?
to Adrian &ket; Ay .	Yes .
I think he only loves the world for him .	I think Antonio only loves the world for him .
This would drink deep .	That ’ s what the bill says .
Yours in the ranks of death .	I ’ m at your service until death .
Laertes , was your father dear to you ?	Laertes , was your father dear to you ?
But mark , poor knight , What dreadful dole is here !	But , look , poor me , what a terrible tragedy is here !
My lord , the mayor of London comes to greet you .	My lord , the mayor of London is here to greet you .
I am sorry that with better heed and judgment I had not quoted him .	I am sorry that I didn ’ t treat him with better heed and Judgment .
If after every tempest come such calms , May the winds blow till they have waken 'd death !	If , after every storm such calms come , May the winds blow until they have awakened death !
Come , Balthasar , we ’ ll hear that song again .	Come on , Balthasar , let ’ s hear that song again .
O heavy deed !	O heavy deed !
There 's another .	There 's another .
The town sounds a parley .	The town is asking for a pause in the fighting for negotiation .
You told me you salute not at the court but you kiss your hands .	You told me that you don ’ t salute at the court but kiss hands .
Security gives way to conspiracy .	Security gives way to conspiracy .
We ’ ll speak to them , and tonight I ’ ll force The wine peep through their scars . — Come on , my Queen , There ’ s sap in ’ t yet .	I ’ ll speak to them , and then tonight I ’ ll get them all so drunk that the wine seeps out of their old war wounds .
O , yet I do repent me of my fury , That I did kill them .	O , I ’ m sorry I was so angry That I did kill them .
The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant ?	The servants of the Duke and my lieutenant ?
How does my wife ?	How is my wife ?
Though it pass your patience and mine to endure her loud alarums , why , man , there be good fellows in the world , an a man could light on them , would take her with all faults , and money enough .	Guys who ’ d take her with all her faults , provided there were enough money involved .
Ay , he spoke Greek .	Yes , he said something in Greek .
How now , general ?	What ’ s going on here , general ?
Yes , that the king is dead .	Yes , that the king is dead .
God bless your worship !	God bless you , sir !
Every man shift for all the rest , and let no man take care for himself ; for all is but fortune .	Every man is on his own for all the rest , and let no man take care for himself , because all is only fortune . — Coragio !
Ay .	Yes .
These sentences , to sugar or to gall , Being strong on both sides , are equivocal .	These sentences , to sweetness or to bitterness , Being strong on both sides , are equal .
Bid her come hither .	Tell her to come here .
Why then , God forgive me .	Well then , God forgive me !
Art thou aught else but place , degree , and form , Creating awe and fear in other men , Wherein thou art less happy , being feared , Than they in fearing ?	You ’ re less happy , being feared , than they are in fearing you .
I ’ ll do ’ t , my lord .	I ’ ll do it , sir .
The gentleness of all the gods go with thee !	I wish you all the best .
We will be married o ' Sunday .	We ’ re to be married on Sunday .
Thy shape invisible retain thou still .	Stay invisible .
Certainly my conscience will serve me to run from this Jew , my master .	I ’ m sure I ’ ll feel guilty if I run away from this Jew , my master .
Four legs and two voices — a most delicate monster .	Four legs and two voices — a very special monster .
Thank God . ” A good answer .	Thank God ” — that ’ s a good answer .
Indeed they say the senators tomorrow Mean to establish Caesar as a king , And he shall wear his crown by sea and land , In every place save here in Italy .	Indeed they say that the senators Mean to establish Caesar as a king tomorrow , And that he will be king everywhere , In every place , except here in Italy .
Leave me , I pray , a little .	Just give me a moment , please — only a moment .
I cry you mercy .	I be your mercy .
You have little cause to say so .	You don ’ t have reasonto say so .
Your wife Octavia , with her modest eyes And still conclusion , shall acquire no honor Demuring upon me .	Your wife Octavia , with her self-effacing eyes and self-righteous assumptions , won ’ t get any praise from patronizing me .
Nay , good my fellows , do not please sharp fate To grace it with your sorrows .	No , my friends , don ’ t please fate by giving it your sorrow as well .
When we shall meet at compt This look of thine will hurl my soul from heaven And fiends will snatch at it .	When we meet on Judgment Day , that look of yours will send me from heaven to hell , where devils will grab me .
Nor ever heard , nor ever did suspect .	No , and I didn ’ t hear anything either , or suspect anything at all .
That island of England breeds very valiant creatures .	That island of England breeds very valiant creatures .
Had I before known this young man his son , I should have given him tears unto entreaties Ere he should thus have ventured .	If I had known this young man was his son , I would have tried harder to convince him not to fight .
Bear him away .	Carry him away .
Well pray you , father .	Pray well , father .
A match !	Good !
Here comes the Emperor .	Here comes the Emperor .
Will you go hunt , my lord ?	Do you want to go hunting , my lord ?
When they are gone , then must I count my gains .	Only when they ’ re dead can I start to count my gains .
Hail !	Hail !
I will bestow you where you shall have time To speak your bosom freely .	I will hide you where you shall have time To speak your heart freely .
Worthy prince , I know ’ t .	I know , prince .
What of that ?	But so what ?
And what confederacy have you with the traitors Late footed in the kingdom ?	And what ’ s your connection with the traitors who landed in our kingdom recently ?
Fare you well , my liege .	Goodbye , my lord .
When it is paid according to the tenor .	I ’ ll tear it up when it ’ s paid .
And you , sir .	Hello to you too , sir .
Unwilling , I agreed .	Reluctantly , I agreed – alas !
Thou art as wise as thou art beautiful .	You are as wise as you are beautiful .
I know the good king and queen have sent for you .	I know the king and queen sent for you .
A messenger from Caesar .	A messenger has arrived from Caesar .
I think it doth .	I think it does .
It is the very error of the moon ; She comes more nearer earth than she was wont And makes men mad .	It is the very mistake of the moon ; She comes more nearer earth than she usually does And makes men mad .
The wall , methinks , being sensible , should curse again .	The wall , I think , being sensible , should curse again .
I was forbid it .	I was ordered not to .
When all ’ s done , You look but on a stool .	When the vision passes , you ’ ll see that you ’ re just looking at a stool .
I must take out the work ?	You want me to copy the embroidery pattern ?
Good sir , draw near to me .	Good sir , stay close to me .
I humbly thank you , sir .	Thank you kindly , sir .
It shall go hard if “ Cambio ” go without her .	It will be hard if “ Cambio ” loses her .
The hour of death is expiate .	The hour of death is approaching .
If he please To give me conquered Egypt for my son , He gives me so much of mine own as I Will kneel to him with thanks .	If he will grant me conquered Egypt , so that I may give it to my son , I will kneel to him with thanks .
Am I that name , Iago ?	Am I that name , Iago ?
In faith , they are as true of heart as we .	Actually , their hearts are as sensitive and loyal as ours are .
I am heartily glad I came hither to you .	I ’ m very glad I came to see you .
Do not yourself such wrong , who are in this Relieved but not betrayed .	We have not betrayed you .
Some dear friend dead , else nothing in the world Could turn so much the constitution Of any constant man .	Some good friend of his must have died , because nothing else in the world could change a man so much .
See how they kiss and court !	Look how they kiss and carry on !
One Hero died defiled , but I do live , And surely as I live , I am a maid .	And as surely as I am alive , I am a virgin .
Bernardo hath my place .	Bernardo .
I will stop your mouth .	I ’ ll stop your mouth with a kiss .
As ignorant as dirt !	As dumb as dirt !
What a foolish duty call you this ?	What kind of loyalty is this ?
Why , this fellow has banished two on ’ s daughters , and did the third a blessing against his will .	This guy here has banished two of his daughters and blessed the third one without intending to .
I will hear Cassius and compare their reasons , When severally we hear them rendered .	I ’ ll hear Cassius , and compare their reasons , Once they have all been told .
Give me a living reason she 's disloyal .	Give me a living reason why she 's unfaithful .
Do , good my friend .	Do , my good friend .
No more o ’ that , my lord , no more o ’ that .	No more of that , my lord , no more of that .
Where joy most revels , grief doth most lament ; Grief joys , joy grieves , on slender accident .	Where joy celebrates , grief mourns greatly , Grief joys , joy griefs , on a very slender event .
The several messengers From hence attend dispatch .	Their messengers are ready , waiting to deliver our response in these matters .
By my troth , I speak my thought .	I swear , I ’ m telling you what I honestly think .
Here , Peter Quince .	Here , Peter Quince .
I know him ; he wears a lock .	Gentlemen , gentlemen — Gentlemen , don ’ t speak .
I will do ’ t .	Drowned ?
Well , sir , get you in .	Well , sir , go inside .
O wretched villain !	O wretched villain !
Well , well .	Well , well .
What lawful quest have given their verdict up Unto the frowning judge ?	Where ’ s the jury , the judge , the lawful proceedings , the verdict ?
What wert thou if the King of Naples heard thee ?	What would the King of Naples do if he heard you say that ?
How is 't with me , when every noise appals me ?	What ’ s wrong with me , that every noise makes me jump ?
Antony will use his affection where it is .	Antony will go where his passion is .
But fare ye well .	But goodbye .
Perform ’ t , or else we damn thee . ” How , my love ?	Perhaps What , my love ?
Both he loves .	He loves them both .
At the duke ’ s oak we meet .	We ’ ll meet at the giant oak tree in the duke ’ s forest .
Nay , not sound , I pray you .	Not good ones , please .
Who does he accuse ?	Who does he accuse ?
Surely , a princely testimony , a goodly count , Count Comfect , a sweet gallant , surely !	He ’ s a proper count , that Count Sugarplum , a sweet gentleman , for sure !
No place indeed should murder sanctuarize ; Revenge should have no bounds .	Murder , indeed , should not be a church activity , because Then revenge should have no bounds .
My name is Roderigo .	My name is Roderigo .
Stand !	Stop !
I 'll read the writing .	I 'll read the writing .
Oh , fie !	Damn it !
I know you are no truant .	I know you are not lazy .
I did send To you for gold to pay my legions , Which you denied me .	I asked you for gold to pay my soldiers , and you wouldn ’ t give it to me .
Marry , God defend his grace should say us nay !	But God forbid he says no to us !
Wilt thou not answer , man ?	Why don ’ t you answer me , man ?
Chill not let go , zir , without vurther ' casion .	Oh no , sir , I won ’ t let him go , sir , not without a good reason .
Sir boy , I ’ ll whip you from your foining fence , Nay , as I am a gentleman , I will .	I will , as surely as I am a gentleman .
Ay , mother , but I would not have it so .	Yes , mother , but I wish I hadn ’ t .
Are your doors locked ?	Are your doors locked ?
This wretch hath part confess 'd his villainy .	This wretch has part confessed his villainy .
Now , in the names of all the gods at once , Upon what meat doth this our Caesar feed That he is grown so great ?	Now , in the names of all the gods at once , What meat does this our Caesar eat That he ’ s grown so great ?
Think so , Iago ?	Think so , Iago ?
Without , my lord ; guarded , to know your pleasure .	Outside , my lord , guarded , to know what you want .
Come , let me wipe thy face .	Come on , let me wipe your face .
The more I love , the more he hateth me .	The more I love him , the more he hates me .
I will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee .	I won ’ t trouble you so much as to wake you .
He , woman .	Yes , him , woman .
Not so , neither .	No , I ’ m not wound up .
What is amiss ?	What ’ s wrong ?
Now must your conscience my acquittance seal , And you must put me in your heart for friend , Sith you have heard , and with a knowing ear , That he which hath your noble father slain Pursued my life .	Now you must see that I am not guilty , And you must put me in your heart as a friend , Since you have heard , and with a knowing ear , That man who killed your noble father Wanted to kill me .
I had else been perfect , Whole as the marble , founded as the rock , As broad and general as the casing air .	Otherwise I would have been perfect , as solid as a piece of marble , as firm as a rock , as free as the air itself .
Farewell , for I must leave you .	Farewell ; because I must leave you .
I trouble thee too much , but thou art willing .	I bother you too much , but you ’ re willing .
So dear I loved the man that I must weep .	I loved this man so much it makes me weep .
So did you me , my liege .	You told me to do the same , my liege .
There is no other way , Unless thou couldst put on some other shape And not be Richard , that hath done all this .	There isn ’ t any other way , unless you took on another form and became someone else .
Content .	Good idea .
Will ’ t please your Mightiness to wash your hands ?	Is Would your Mightiness care to wash his hands ?
The gallows-maker ; for that frame outlives a thousand tenants .	The gallows-maker , for that frame outlives a thousand tenants .
But he , poor man , by your first order died , And that a wingèd Mercury did bear .	Well , the poor man died by your first order , which was carried by a winged messenger .
Lo , she is one of this confederacy !	Wow , she is one of this conspiracy !
Till Birnam Wood remove to Dunsinane I cannot taint with fear .	Until Birnam Wood gets up and moves to Dunsinane , I won ’ t be affected by fear .
That which you are , my thoughts cannot transpose .	My fears can ’ t actually make you evil .
He that is robbed , not wanting what is stol 'n , Let him not know ’ t , and he ’ s not robbed at all .	A man who ’ s robbed , but doesn ’ t miss what ’ s stolen , isn ’ t robbed at all .
I must attend the duke at dinner .	I must join the duke for lunch .
We ’ ll visit Caliban , my slave who never Yields us kind answer .	We ’ ll go visit Caliban , my slave who always talks to us so nastily .
You will be whipped .	You will be whipped .
But sure the bravery of his grief did put me Into a towering passion .	It was just that the showiness of his grief sent me into a fury .
These ducats pawn I for my father here .	I want to use this money to set my father free .
After her , after her .	Go after her , go .
What find I here ?	What do I find here ?
O Charmian , I will never go from hence .	Oh , Charmian , I will never leave this tomb !
Cursed be I that did so !	I curse myself for doing that !
But he protests he loves you And needs no other suitor but his likings To take the safest occasion by the front To bring you in again .	But he says he still loves and respects you , and based on his own feelings alone he ’ s looking for an opportunity to safely take you back .
The sun was not so true unto the day As he to me .	The sun was not as true to the daytime As he was to me .
Tyrrel , I mean those bastards in the Tower .	Tyrrel , I mean those bastards in the Tower .
Look , he meditates .	Look , he meditates .
As you on him , Demetrius dote on you !	I hope Demetrius comes to love you as much as you love him !
Come you from old Bellario ?	Give me your hand ; do you come from old Bellario ?
Do you go back dismay 'd ?	Do you go back dismayed ?
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
Are not you Lysander ?	Aren ’ t you Lysander ?
Tide life , ' tide death , I come without delay .	Fighting life , fighting death , I come without delay .
Can you deny all this ?	Is there anything inaccurate in that ?
What ’ s thy pleasure ?	What do you wish ?
What ’ s she ?	Who ’ s she ?
What is the matter with thee ?	What ’ s the matter with you ?
How goes ’ t ?	What ’ s the news ?
Thou hast harped my fear aright .	You have guessed exactly what I feared .
Went he hence now ?	Didn ’ t he just leave ?
He saves my labor by his own approach .	He saved me the trouble : here he comes .
Went he hence now ?	Was that him just now ?
But hollow men , like horses hot at hand , Make gallant show and promise of their mettle .	But insincere men , like horses who are too lively at the start of a race , make a big show of their spirit .
Nay , and I will .	Yes , I want it , and I ’ ll get it .
Thou ’ dst thank me but a little for my counsel ; And yet I ’ ll promise thee she shall be rich , And very rich .	I doubt you ’ d thank me in the end , but she ’ s rich , all right , very rich .
Very easily possible .	It ’ s entirely possible .
There 's no offence , my lord .	There 's no offense , my lord .
Who 's there , i ’ the name of Belzebub ?	Who 's there , in the name of the Devil ?
Peace , peace !	Oh , be quiet .
Let him let the matter slip , and I ’ ll give him my horse , gray Capilet .	I ’ ll give him my gray horse Capilet if he forgets the whole thing .
I said so , dear Katherine ; and I must not blush to affirm it .	I said so , dear Katherine , and I ’ m not ashamed to repeat it .
I 'll tear her all to pieces .	I 'll tear her all to pieces .
We have , sir .	That it was , sir .
A wandering knight ?	A wandering knight ?
He that parts us shall bring a brand from heaven And fire us hence like foxes .	Anyone who wants to separate us will have to smoke us out of the cave of our togetherness like foxes .
I am called Dercetus .	My name is Decretus .
Oh , my heart bleeds To think o ' th ' teen that I have turned you to , Which is from my remembrance !	Oh , it breaks my heart to think how painful it must be for you to recall all this , things that I can ’ t remember .
Sir , March is wasted fifteen days .	Sir , fifteen days of March have gone by .
Who is here so vile that will not love his country ?	Who here is so vile that he doesn ’ t love his country ?
I was the man i ' the moon when time was .	I used to be the man in the moon a long time ago .
Never come such division ’ tween our souls .	Let ’ s pray that we never come into conflict like that again .
I 'll have grounds More relative than this .	I ’ ll need to have more proof than this .
By heaven , I charge thee , speak .	By God , I order you to speak .
Lucius , a bowl of wine !	Lucius , a bowl of wine !
I have well approved it , sir .	I know that , sir .
I may sit in a corner and cry , “ Heigh-ho for a husband ! ” Lady Beatrice , I will get you one .	I should sit in the corner and sing that song , “ Heigh-Ho for a Husband ! ” Lady Beatrice , I ’ ll get you a husband .
Meantime , have patience .	In the meantime , be patient .
Thou hast not half that power to do me harm As I have to be hurt .	You have not half that power to do me harm As I have to be hurt .
That Herod ’ s head I ’ ll have !	I ’ ll have Herod ’ s head chopped off !
Will it please you to see the epilogue , or to hear a Bergomask dance between two of our company ?	Will it please you to see the epilogue , or to hear an Italian country dance between two of our company ?
I will do any modest office , my lord , to help my cousin to a good husband .	I ’ ll do any decent thing , my lord , to help my cousin get a good husband .
I am glad of it , for now I shall have reason To show the love and duty that I bear you With franker spirit .	I ’ m glad to hear it ; because now I shall have reason To show the love and duty that I bear you With a more open spirit .
The throng that follows Caesar at the heels , Of senators , of praetors , common suitors , Will crowd a feeble man almost to death .	The crowd that follows Caesar at his heels — senators , justices , common petitioners — will suffocate a feeble man almost to death .
Farewell , dear mother .	Good-bye , sir .
All this my sister is , or else should be .	My sister is all those things , or else she should be .
Nothing is good , I see , without respect ; Methinks it sounds much sweeter than by day .	Nothing is good , I see , without respect : I think it sounds much sweeter at night than by day .
His coward lips did from their color fly , And that same eye whose bend doth awe the world Did lose his luster .	His cowardly lips turned white , and the same eye whose gaze terrifies the world lost its gleam .
Speak the speech , I pray you , as I pronounced it to you , trippingly on the tongue .	Speak the part , I beg you , as I read it to you , lightly on your tongue .
Ere I would say I would drown myself for the love of a guinea hen , I would change my humanity with a baboon .	Before I would say I would drown myself for the love of a chicken , I would exchange my humanity with a baboon .
All my pretty ones ?	All my pretty little children ?
Face not me .	Well , don ’ t face off with me .
waking &ket; Why , how now ?	Why , how is it now !
You are their heir , you sit upon their throne , The blood and courage that renownèd them Runs in your veins ; and my thrice-puissant liege Is in the very May-morn of his youth , Ripe for exploits and mighty enterprises .	You are their heir and sit on their throne , and the blood and courage that glorified them run in your veins .
He is not yet arrived .	He hasn ’ t arrived yet .
Now , my friendly knave , I thank thee .	Now , my friendly servant , thank you .
What shall I do ?	What shall I do ?
That I have labored With all my wits , my pains , and strong endeavors , To bring your most imperial Majesties Unto this bar and royal interview , Your mightiness on both parts best can witness .	Your Highnesses can both attest to the fact that I ’ ve strived mightily , with all my wits and energy , to bring about this royal meeting between you two imperial Majesties .
Good Enobarbus , make yourself my guest Whilst you abide here .	Good Enobarbus , consider yourself my guest as long as you ’ re here .
Either to die the death , or to abjure For ever the society of men .	Either to die or to swear to avoid The society of men forever .
I have slept , my lord , already .	I have already slept , my lord .
Who chooseth me shall have as much as he deserves ” !	The one who chooses me will get what he deserves ” !
Counterfeit ?	Pretending ?
Give him this deed , And let him sign it .	Give him this deed and have him sign it .
What , man , courage yet !	Keep up your courage , man !
Here lies the east .	Here ’ s the east .
But how is it That this lives in thy mind ?	But how is it That this memory lives in your mind ?
My quaint Ariel , Hark in thine ear .	My dear clever Ariel , listen carefully .
And so they are .	That ’ s true .
Is it the fashion that discarded fathers Should have thus little mercy on their flesh ?	Is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity ?
He plies the duke at morning and at night , And doth impeach the freedom of the state If they deny him justice .	He ’ s at the duke ’ s morning and night , accusing the state of harming free trade if they deny him justice .
Ambition should be made of sterner stuff .	Ambition shouldn ’ t be so soft .
He says they can do nothing in this kind .	He just said that they ’ re no good at acting .
Freedom !	Freedom !
Now , by Saint George , I am too young for you .	I probably am too young for you .
Honest Iago Hath ta 'en order for ’ t .	Honest Iago ’ s arranged that .
To these injunctions every one doth swear That comes to hazard for my worthless self .	Everyone who comes to gamble on winning me has to swear to these three rules .
They say they have letters for you .	They say they have letters for you .
For I tell you , father , I am as peremptory as she proud-minded ; And where two raging fires meet together , They do consume the thing that feeds their fury .	I ’ m as commanding as she is proud , and when two raging fires meet , they end up consuming the very thing that kindled them .
Do you understand me ?	Do you understand me ?
You shall , my lord .	You will , my lord .
A spirit ?	A spirit ?
True , my lord .	It ’ s true , my lord .
Why , give it to my wife , and fetch your money .	Give it to my wife , and get your money .
Here I am .	Here I am .
Most monsterlike be shown For poor ’ st diminutives , for dolts , and let Patient Octavia plow thy visage up With her preparèd nails !	Then let Octavia dig up your face with her nails .
So hath my lord dared him to single fight .	So you ’ ve dared him to single combat .
Well , I have done .	Well , I ’ m nearly finished .
At your kind 'st leisure .	Whenever you like .
This lapwing runs away with the shell on his head .	A just hatched bird runs away with eggshell on his head .
Here ’ s a madman will murder me .	This madman will murder me .
Well met , honest gentleman .	Good afternoon , good gentleman .
Thou liest .	You lie .
Come on , sir .	Come on , sir .
Will not King Richard let me speak with him ?	Won ’ t King Richard let me speak with him ?
If that be to care for nothing , sir , I would it would make you invisible .	If that means I don ’ t care about anything , you should disappear right now , since you ’ re nothing .
Then if he says he loves you , It fits your wisdom so far to believe it As he in his particular act and place May give his saying deed ; which is no further Than the main voice of Denmark goes withal .	Then if he says he loves you , You would be wise to believe it Because then being in his particular act and place May do what he says , which is what The majority of people in of Denmark go along with .
She ’ s a most triumphant lady , if report be square to her .	She ’ s a remarkable lady , if the rumors are to be believed .
They are , my lord .	They are , my lord .
He lays it on .	He lays it on .
Brutus , thou sleep 'st : awake and see thyself !	Wake up and see yourself .
Pale or red ?	Was he pale or flushed and red-faced ?
If we do meet again , why , we shall smile ; If not , why then this parting was well made .	If we do meet again , why , we ’ ll smile ; If not , why , then this parting was the right thing to do .
But I remember now I am in this earthly world , where to do harm Is often laudable , to do good sometime Accounted dangerous folly .	Only I remember now that I am in this earthly world , where to do harm Is often praiseworthy , to do good sometime Is a dangerous mistake .
What , sir , not yet at rest ?	What , sir , not in bed yet ?
Why , who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch ?	Who wouldn ’ t cheat on her husband to make him king ?
Warm , o ' my troth .	And he ’ s still warm , by God .
Ay , sooth ; so humbled , That he hath left part of his grief with me , To suffer with him .	Yes , truly , so humbled That he has left part of his grief with me To suffer with him .
These fifteen years !	Fifteen years !
Come on .	Come on .
Write down “ Master Gentleman Conrade . ” — Masters , do you serve God ?	Write down “ Master Gentleman Conrade . ” — Gentlemen , are you good Christians , and do you serve God ?
Hence !	Away !
Upon this hint I spake .	I took the hint and spoke to her .
What is the matter here ?	What is the matter here ?
Tomorrow , as he purposes .	He plans to leave tomorrow .
Utter my thoughts ?	You want me to say what I ’ m thinking ?
Truly , madam , he holds Beelzebub at the staves ' end as well as a man in his case may do .	Well , he keeps the devil away as well as a man can in his situation .
Spake you with him ?	Did you speak to him ?
She is not , madam .	She is not , madam .
This looks not like a nuptial .	This doesn ’ t look like a wedding .
O gentle son , Upon the heat and flame of thy distemper Sprinkle cool patience !	O gentle son , Sprinkle cool patience on the heat and flame of your Anger !
He hath given his empire Up to a whore ; who now are levying The kings o ’ th ’ earth for war .	He ’ s given his empire to a whore , and now they ’ re gathering kings to wage a war .
Not yet .	Not yet .
I am no strumpet , but of life as honest As you that thus abuse me .	I am no prostitute , but have life as honest As you that abuse me like this .
And I for Ganymede .	And like I am for Ganymede .
God bless your Grace !	God bless your Grace !
I ’ ll make you amends next , to give you nothing for something .	Next time I ’ ll give you nothing for something .
No ; he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in Athens .	No , he has simply the best wit of any working man in Athens .
I have been with your father and given him notice that the Duke of Cornwall and Regan his duchess will be here with him this night .	I just saw your father the Lord Gloucester and notified him that the Duke of Cornwall and his wife Regan will stay with him here tonight .
This note doth tell me of ten thousand French That in the field lie slain .	This paper tells me of ten thousand Frenchmen who lie dead on the battlefield .
He is of note .	He ’ s an important person .
If he be perjured , see you now , his reputation is as arrant a villain and a Jack Sauce as ever his black shoe trod upon God ’ s ground and His earth , in my conscience , la .	If he backs down , he ’ ll become as notorious a villain and as saucy a Jack as ever walked on God ’ s earth , in my opinion .
I will not think it .	I won ’ t consider it .
And now , good friends , As you are friends , scholars , and soldiers , Give me one poor request .	And now , good friends , As you are friends , scholars , and soldiers , Give me one poor request .
News , lads , Our wars are done !	I ’ ve got news , boys , the war ’ s over !
Tomorrow We ’ ll hear ourselves again .	I ’ ll talk to you again tomorrow .
Your virtue is my privilege .	I rely on your virtue to protect me .
Oh , I could weep My spirit from mine eyes .	Oh , I could weep my soul right out of myself !
Would I were able to load him with his desert !	I only wish I could load him up with all the praise he deserves !
There is no harm intended to your person , Nor to no Roman else .	We don ’ t intend any harm to you , nor to anyone else .
He would be crowned .	He wants to be crowned .
Two things are to be done : My wife must move for Cassio to her mistress .	Now two things still need to be done .
No , we ’ ll reason with him .	No , first let ’ s talk to him .
Is Caesar yet gone to the Capitol ?	Has Caesar gone to the Capital yet ?
Yet I hate not Orlando .	But I don ’ t hate Orlando .
My mistress with a monster is in love .	My mistress Titania is in love with a monster .
What 's your Grace 's will ?	What 's your grace 's will ?
Thou shalt not live , That I may tell pale-hearted fear it lies , And sleep in spite of thunder .	That way I can conquer my own fear and sleep easy at night .
Every one .	Everyone .
It harrows me with fear and wonder .	It ’ s terrifying .
But did you ever tell him she was false ?	But did you ever tell him she was unfaithful ?
Therefore , dear Isis , keep decorum , and fortune him accordingly .	Therefore , dear Isis , do the right thing and give him the fortune he deserves .
I will be hanged else !	I bet my life on it .
I do not think thou canst , for then thou wast not Out three years old .	I doubt it , since you weren ’ t even three at the time .
This business is well ended .	Well , that turned out well in the end .
Good madam , what 's the matter with my lord ?	Good madam , what 's the matter with my lord ?
Caesar should be a beast without a heart If he should stay at home today for fear .	Caesar should be a beast without a heart , If he stays at home today because he ’ s afraid .
Leave all the rest to me .	Leave all the rest to me .
The wager thou hast won , and I will add Unto their losses twenty thousand crowns , Another dowry to another daughter , For she is changed as she had never been .	You ’ ve won the wager , and I will add twenty thousand crowns to what they owe you .
Come , talk not of her .	Please , don ’ t mention her .
ay , indeed .	Yes , indeed .
Weary se 'nnights nine times nine Shall he dwindle , peak , and pine ; Though his bark cannot be lost , Yet it shall be tempest-tost .	Though his ship will not be lost , It will be tossed about on the rough ocean .
Is he dispatch 'd ?	Is he dead ?
Until I know this sure uncertainty I ’ ll entertain the offered fallacy .	Until I know for sure , I ’ ll humor her .
In troth , I think I should , and undo ’ t when I had done .	Actually I think I would , and then I ’ d undo it after I did it .
Murder , murder !	murder , murder !
I hope they will not come upon us now .	I hope they don ’ t attack us now .
If it be so , as ’ tis , Poor lady , she were better love a dream .	If that ’ s true , which it is , she might as well be in love with a dream , the poor lady .
No further , sir .	You can ’ t go any further with us , sir .
Then tell me , what makes he upon the seas ?	Therefore , tell me , what is he doing at sea ?
Is it upon record , or else reported Successively from age to age , he built it ?	Is it on record that he built it , or is it just word of mouth ?
Of all the wonders that I yet have heard , It seems to me most strange that men should fear , Seeing that death , a necessary end , Will come when it will come .	Of all the strange things I ’ ve ever heard , it seems most strange to me that men fear death , given that death , which can ’ t be avoided , will come whenever it wants .
There is not enough leek to swear by .	There isn ’ t enough leek left for you to swear on .
Out o ' th ' moon , I do assure thee .	No , from the moon , I ’ m telling you .
Shylock , albeit I neither lend nor borrow , By taking , nor by giving of excess , Yet , to supply the ripe wants of my friend , I 'll break a custom : — Is he yet possess 'd How much you would ?	Shylock , although I don ’ t lend or borrow By taking or by giving excess money , Still , to supply the urgent wants of my friend , I 'll break a custom .
And so am I for no woman .	And I for no woman .
None that I know will be , much that I fear may chance .	None that I know definitely , but I ’ m very afraid there ’ s a chance .
Oh , a good wish upon you .	Oh , that ’ s a good wish !
Hence , horrible shadow !	Get out of here , you horrible ghost , you hallucination .
The deep of night is crept upon our talk , And nature must obey necessity , Which we will niggard with a little rest .	It ’ s now late at night , and actions must accommodate bodily needs , which we ’ ll satisfy with only a short rest .
Therefore be double damned , Swear thou art honest !	Go ahead , swear to that , so you ’ ll be damned to hell for lying .
With all my heart , so thou canst get a wife .	Absolutely , if you can find a wife by then .
is 't true ?	Is it true ?
Truly , shepherd , in respect of itself , it is a good life ; but in respect that it is a shepherd ’ s life , it is naught .	Well , in and of itself , it is a good life , but given that it ’ s a shepherd ’ s life , it ’ s worthless .
Thomas the earl of Surrey and himself , Much about cockshut time , from troop to troop Went through the army cheering up the soldiers .	Thomas , the earl of Surrey , and he were moving from troop to troop around twilight cheering up the soldiers .
Would she had never given you leave to come !	I wish she ’ d never let you come .
Stoop , Romans , stoop , And let us bathe our hands in Caesar ’ s blood Up to the elbows , and besmear our swords .	Kneel , Romans , kneel , and let ’ s wash our hands , up to the elbows , in Caesar ’ s blood and smear it on our swords .
I find here that Don Pedro hath bestowed much honor on a young Florentine called Claudio .	Claudio deserves to be honored , and Don Pedro has rewarded him accordingly .
The dropsy drown this fool !	The swelling disease drown this fool !
Tis he .	It is he .
Look to ’ t .	Watch out !
Hath any man seen him at the barber ’ s ?	Has any man seen him at the barber ’ s ?
This was sometime a paradox , but now the time gives it proof .	This used to be a great puzzle , but now I ’ ve solved it .
Upon the right hand I , keep thou the left .	I will be on the right hand ; you keep to the left .
Sir , a whole history .	You can have a whole story , not just a word .
If he filled His vacancy with his voluptuousness , Full surfeits and the dryness of his bones Call on him for ’ t .	If he ’ s been spending his leisure time in lustful pursuits , then he ’ ll be punished with venereal diseases , and that ’ s his business .
Now sits the wind fair , and we will aboard .	Now that the wind is favorable , let ’ s board the ship .
Casca will tell us what the matter is .	Casca will tell us what ’ s the matter .
Hark !	Listen !
Octavius , then take him to follow thee , That did the latest service to my master .	Then take this man into your service , Octavius , for he did the final service to my master .
Prithee , be cheerful .	Please , be cheerful .
Go to , charm your tongue .	Watch it , control your tongue .
To Dover .	To Dover .
I see thy age and dangers make thee dote .	Your old age and the prospect of death are making you imagine things .
Nay , pursue him now , lest the device take air and taint .	No , follow him now , before he divulges the prank and ruins everything .
Yes , Shylock , I will seal unto this bond .	Yes , Shylock , I ’ ll put my seal to this promise to pay .
Vex not his ghost .	Don ’ t disturb his soul .
He and Lepidus are at Caesar 's house .	He and Lepidus are at Caesar 's house .
The cease of majesty Dies not alone , but , like a gulf , doth draw What ’ s near it with it .	When a great leader dies he doesn ’ t die alone but , like a whirlpool , draws others with him .
We must not now displease him .	We shouldn ’ t displease him .
Twere to consider too curiously , to consider so .	If you thought that you ’ d be thinking too much .
Come , you deceive yourself .	Come on , you ’ re fooling yourself .
When I did make thee free , swor ’ st thou not then To do this when I bade thee ?	When I freed you from slavery , didn ’ t you swear to do this when I asked you ?
A thousand thousand !	A thousand thousand !
You mistake , sir .	There must be some mistake , sir .
He did comply , sir , with his dug before he sucked it .	He used to praise his mother ’ s nipple before he sucked it .
The gentleman will , for his honor ’ s sake , have one bout with you .	The gentleman insists on fighting a round with you , for the sake of his honor .
He is no crescent , and his horns are invisible within the circumference .	He is no crescent , and his horns are invisible within the circle .
O , these flaws and starts , Impostors to true fear , would well become A woman 's story at a winter 's fire , Authorized by her grandam .	O , these outbursts and jerky shaking , Impostors of true fear , would well become A woman 's story at a winter 's fire , Confirmed by her grandmother .
Is it they ?	Is it them ?
That would I , were I of all kingdoms king .	I will , even if I were king of all kingdoms .
Go make thee ready ; Our letters are prepared .	My letters are ready to go .
What , no more ceremony ?	With no more ceremony than that ?
Is it not Hero ?	Isn ’ t my name Hero ?
It wearies me ; you say it wearies you .	I ’ m tired of it , and you say you ’ re tired of it too .
Make assay .	C ’ mon , make an effort .
My face I ’ ll grime with filth , Blanket my loins , elf all my hair in knots , And with presented nakedness outface The winds and persecutions of the sky .	I ’ ll smear my face with filth , put on a loincloth , make my hair matted and tangled , and face the bad weather wearing almost nothing .
In his own grace he doth exalt himself More than in your addition .	He has distinguished himself as a great soldier in his own right , deserving more than any honor your can bestow on him .
For , as I am a soldier , A name that in my thoughts becomes me best , If I begin the batt 'ry once again , I will not leave the half-achieved Harfleur Till in her ashes she lie burièd .	For , as I am a soldier , the name I think suits me best , once I begin my attack on Harfleur again , I will not leave the half-conquered town until she lies buried in her own ashes .
True , noble prince .	True , noble prince .
The king and queen and all are coming down .	The king and queen are coming down with everyone else .
I thank you .	Thank you .
Censure me in your wisdom , and awake your senses , that you may the better judge .	Judge me in your wisdom , and wake up your senses , so you can be a better judge .
If this letter move him not , his legs cannot .	If this letter doesn ’ t make him fight , I don ’ t know what will .
Well , all is one .	Well then , don ’ t bother .
Let ’ s ha ' ’ t , good Grumio .	Well , let ’ s have it , Grumio .
Give him direction for this merry bond , And I will go and purse the ducats straight , See to my house left in the fearful guard Of an unthrifty knave , and presently I will be with you .	Give him the instructions for our amusing little contract , and I ’ ll go get the money for you right away .
It only stands Our lives upon to use our strongest hands .	In any case , our survival depends on putting together the strongest force possible .
I am he that is so love-shaked .	Well , I ’ m the man you ’ re speaking of .
Since I came hither , Which I can call but now , I have heard strange news .	Ever since I arrived here , just now , I ’ ve been hearing strange rumors .
I have done .	I ’ m finished , then .
Finding ourselves too slow of sail , we put on a compelled valour , and in the grapple I boarded them .	Finding ourselves sailing too slow , we put up a great fight , and , in the skirmish , I boarded them .
But if you mouth it , as many of our players do , I had as lief the town-crier spoke my lines .	But if you just repeat it , as many actors do , I would prefer the town crier spoke my lines .
Seyton , send out .	Seyton , send out .
Old fashions please me best .	I like doing things the old-fashioned way .
Away !	Get away from me , you ass !
Have I caught thee ?	Have I hugged you yet ?
Most holy and religious fear it is To keep those many many bodies safe That live and feed upon your Majesty .	It ’ s a most holy and religious fear To keep those many , many bodies safe That depend upon your majesty .
So could I , faith , boy , to have the next wish after , That Lucentio indeed had Baptista ’ s youngest daughter .	I ’ d second your wish if it automatically meant that Lucentio could have Baptista ’ s youngest daughter .
In that and all things will we show our duty .	In that and all things , we will show our duty .
I shall , my lord .	I shall , my lord .
Why , this ' a heavy chance ’ twixt him and you , Your ancient , trusty , pleasant servant Grumio .	I ’ ll vouch for Grumio .
Cassius , what night is this !	Cassius , what night this is !
My charms I ’ ll break , their senses I ’ ll restore , And they shall be themselves .	I ’ ll break my spells and bring them back to their senses , and they ’ ll feel like themselves again .
Let music sound while he doth make his choice .	Play some music while he chooses .
help !	help !
I tell thee she is ; therefore make her grave straight .	I tell you she is , and therefore make her grave straight .
And you , sir .	Hello , sir .
If not , he foams at mouth and by and by Breaks out to savage madness .	If you interrupt it , he ’ ll foam at the mouth and go crazy .
And out of doubt you do me now more wrong In making question of my uttermost Than if you had made waste of all I have .	But if you ’ d be willing to shoot another arrow the same way you shot the first , I ’ ll watch your arrow more carefully this time .
Then is Caesar and he forever knit together .	Then Caesar and he will always be united .
Now , good sir , what are you ?	And who are you , good sir ?
Now your jest is earnest .	Now this joke has turned serious .
I hope all will be well .	I hope all will be well .
By Cheshu , I think he will plow up all if there is not better directions .	By Jesus , I think they will blow up everything if we don ’ t improve our tactics .
And so I thank you for your good counsel .	and so I thank you for your good counsel .
Let us come in , that we may bind him fast And bear him home for his recovery .	Let us in so we can tie him up tight and bring him home to recover .
This deed will be well welcome to Lorenzo .	Lorenzo will be happy with what we ’ ve done .
Briefness and fortune , work ! — Brother , a word .	Fast work and a little luck are all I need . — Brother , could I have a word with you ?
Good morrow , Caesar .	Good morning , Caesar .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
She give it Cassio ?	You think she gave it to Cassio ?
For , look you , how cheerfully my mother looks , and my father died within 's two hours .	Because look how cheerfully my mother looks , and my father died within these two hours .
Do not deny .	Please don ’ t say no .
He knows I know him well .	He knows I recognize him .
Fly not .	Don ’ t run away — stay where you are .
There is too great testimony in your complexion that it was a passion of earnest .	Your cheeks are too flushed for me to believe that was a fake faint .
My deeds upon my head .	I take all responsibility for my decisions .
Come , Dolabella , see High order in this great solemnity .	Come , Dolabella .
What , will you walk with me about the town And then go to my inn and dine with me ?	Listen , will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at the inn ?
Denmark 's a prison .	Denmark 's a prison .
Your friends at Pomfret , they do need the priest ; Your Honor hath no shriving work in hand .	Your friends at Pomfret , they ’ re the ones who need a priest .
Carry me to the jail ?	Take me off to jail ?
Assuredly the thing is to be sold .	The thing is definitely going to be sold .
I have seen you both .	I ’ ve seen both of you fence .
I must obey .	I have to obey .
that we should , with joy , pleasance , revel , and applause , transform ourselves into beasts !	That we should , with joy , pleasure , partying , and applause , transform ourselves into beasts !
seven days and nights ?	Seven days and nights ?
Mark me with what violence she first loved the Moor , but for bragging and telling her fantastical lies .	Watch with what violence she first loved the Moor , but with his bragging , and telling her fantastic lies .
And made your other love , Demetrius , Who even but now did spurn me with his foot , To call me goddess , nymph , divine , and rare , Precious , celestial ?	And made your other love , Demetrius , — Who even just a minute ago spurned me with his foot , — To call me goddess , nymph , divine , and rare , Precious , celestial ?
I am dying , Egypt , dying .	I am dying , Cleopatra , dying .
I told him you were sick .	I told him you were sick .
Two o 'clock is your hour ?	You ’ ll be back at two o 'clock ?
No , it is struck .	No , it ’ s just after twelve ; I heard the clock strike .
Will you think so ?	Will you think so ?
If you have lost him , Why , I have lost him too .	You may have lost his respect , but so have I.
I have said .	I have said it .
And time is at his period .	And time itself is ended .
Murder !	Murder !
Who knows he is ?	Who says he is ?
Well , my lord .	Got it , sir .
When comes such another ?	When does another like him come ?
I met this man with my glove in his cap , and I have been as good as my word .	I met this man with my glove in his cap , and I have been as good as my word .
Now , if you are a maid , answer to this .	If you ’ re a virgin , you ’ ll answer this question .
Cool it with a baboon ’ s blood , Then the charm is firm and good .	We ’ ll cool the mixture with baboon blood .
How ill this taper burns !	How badly this candle burns !
Why ?	Why ?
He had none .	He had no patience .
Did you know him ?	Do you know him ?
My lord , you shall o 'errule my mind for once . — Come on , Lord Hastings , will you go with me ?	Lord Hastings , will you go with me ?
Now by my life , Old fools are babes again and must be used With checks as flatteries , when they are seen abused .	I swear , old fools become like babies again .
What is to be said to him , lady ?	What can I say to him , lady ?
Not see him since ?	You haven ’ t seen him since ?
One knocks .	Someone knocks .
Twas he informed against him , And quit the house on purpose that their punishment Might have the freer course .	He was the one who denounced his father .
Fare you well .	Farewell .
What is it , my good friends ?	What ’ s the news , my good friends ?
O , let me kiss that hand !	Oh , let me kiss his hand !
Give mine the benefit of seigniory , And let my griefs frown on the upper hand .	Let my sorrow have the upper hand .
Kneel to the duke before he pass the abbey .	Kneel down to the duke before he passes by the abbey .
And a true lover of the holy Church .	And a true lover of the holy Church .
What is 't , Ophelia , he hath said to you ?	What is it , Ophelia , that he has said to you ?
He ’ s a very fool and a prodigal .	He ’ s a fool and a spendthrift .
Should I have answer 'd Caius Cassius so ?	Should I have answered Caius Cassius if he asked me ?
Season your admiration for a while With an attent ear , till I may deliver Upon the witness of these gentlemen , This marvel to you .	Hold off your compliments for awhile And pay attention , until I may deliver , With the witness of these gentlemen , Something marvelous to you .
Tell not me .	Don ’ t tell me that .
My gentleman , Cesario ?	My Cesario ?
The duke of York commends him to your Majesty .	The duke of York sends your Majesty his respects .
Tonight I ’ ll mourn with Hero .	I will mourn Hero tonight .
Tis too bad , too bad .	Oh , it ’ s too terrible .
I am fear 'd in field and town .	The field and town are afraid of me .
I will have nothing else but only this ; And now , methinks , I have a mind to it .	I ’ ll have nothing else except this only ; And now , I think , I have a mind to have it .
Of anything the image tell me that Hath kept with thy remembrance .	Tell me anything you remember .
Did Michael Cassio , when you woo 'd my lady , Know of your love ?	Did Michael Cassio , when you courted my lady , Know about your love ?
Caesar ’ s sister is called Octavia .	Caesar ’ s sister is named Octavia .
I will not choose what many men desire Because I will not jump with common spirits And rank me with the barbarous multitudes .	So I won ’ t choose what many men desire , because I won ’ t jump on the bandwagon and include myself with the whole crude population .
Claudio !	Claudio !
Dost thou call me fool , boy ?	The sweet fool in a fool ’ s costume — that ’ s me .
too old to be engag 'd to young .	I am too old to be engaged to someone so young !
Th ' abuse of greatness is when it disjoins Remorse from power .	Rulers abuse their power when they separate it from compassion .
As I do live , my honour 'd lord , ' tis true ; And we did think it writ down in our duty To let you know of it .	I swear , my honored lord , it is true , And we thought it was our duty To let you know about it .
And till she come , as truly as to heaven I do confess the vices of my blood , So justly to your grave ears I 'll present How I did thrive in this fair lady 's love And she in mine .	And , until she comes , as truly as I confess the vices of my blood to heaven , So I 'll present truthfully , to your hearing , How I thrived in this beautiful lady 's love , And she in mine .
He hath , my lord , but be you well assured No more than he ’ ll unswear .	Yes , but he ’ d deny it all .
Are you not a strumpet ?	So you ’ re saying you ’ re not a whore ?
Stand far off .	Stand further away .
Why , art thou mad , old fellow ?	Are you insane , old man ?
Now , if this suit lay in Bianca 's power , How quickly should you speed !	Now , if this promise was in Bianca 's power , How quickly you would you succeed !
The more I hate , the more he follows me .	The more I hate him , the more he follows me around .
And come yourselves and bring Messala with you Immediately to us .	And immediately come yourselves and Bring Messala with you to us .
Well , go to , I will .	All right , I will .
Even so .	Yes , like that .
I did not give the lie .	I didn ’ t accuse you of lying .
Not a whit .	Not at all !
Nothing is good , I see , without respect .	Now I see that you can ’ t call anything good except in right context .
The fault , dear Brutus , is not in our stars But in ourselves , that we are underlings .	It is not destiny ’ s fault , but our own faults , that we ’ re slaves .
I had rather be any kind o ' thing than a fool .	I ’ d rather be anything besides a fool .
Away , then !	Away , then !
Bid me farewell .	Say goodbye to me .
Nay , I pray you let me go .	I beg you to let me go .
It were not for your quiet nor your good , Nor for my manhood , honesty , or wisdom , To let you know my thoughts .	It ’ s not good for your peace or your wellbeing , Or for my manhood , honesty , or wisdom To let you know my thoughts .
Casca , by your voice .	It ’ s Casca — I know your voice .
Within this hour it will be dinnertime .	It ’ ll be lunchtime within an hour .
No , none that thou hast wit enough to make .	No , none that you ’ re smart enough to make .
Be not offended .	Don ’ t be offended .
You have stayed me in a happy hour .	You got to me first .
If thou dost I shall never love thee after .	If you do that , I ’ ll never respect you again .
Sir Topas , Sir Topas !	Sir Topas , Sir Topas !
Canst thou bring me to th ' party ?	Can you bring me to him ?
When he is gone I would on great occasion speak with you .	When he leaves , it ’ s very important that I talk to you .
What , not to pray ?	What , not even to pray ?
But , till the king come forth , and not till then , Unto Southampton do we shift our scene .	But we won ’ t shift the scene to Southampton until Henry reappears .
But let him come .	But let him come .
Fabian can scarce hold him yonder .	Fabian can hardly control him over there .
A was the first that ever bore arms .	He was the first that ever bore arms .
What is your name ?	What ’ s your name ?
Is this a prologue , or the posy of a ring ?	Is this a prologue or a ring of flowers ?
I am cut to th ' brains .	My brains are injured .
And then it started , like a guilty thing Upon a fearful summons .	And then it seemed startled , like a guilty thing Running from a court order .
O most happy hour !	Oh , what a relief !
Ere it be demanded , As like enough it will , I would have it copied .	So I ’ d like it copied .
Pray , chuck , come hither .	Please , dear , come here .
Ill met by moonlight , proud Titania .	How unfortunate to meet you by moonlight , proud Titania .
Faith , sir , so-so .	Well , so-so .
Masters , play here , I will content your pains .	I ’ ll pay you for your trouble .
So , again , good night .	What , Gertrude ?
I pray you , have a continent forbearance till the speed of his rage goes slower .	I suggest you lay low until his rage cools a little .
I swear to thee , youth , by the white hand of Rosalind , I am that he , that unfortunate he .	I swear to you by Rosalind ’ s own pretty hand that I am that unfortunate man .
Take you me for a sponge , my lord ?	You take me for a sponge , my lord ?
Let him write down the Prince ’ s officer “ coxcomb . ” Come , bind them . — Thou naughty varlet !	Come on , tie them up .
Most sincerely .	He did , very sincerely .
Why may not that be the skull of a lawyer ?	why can ’ t that be the skull of a lawyer ?
I will be hang 'd , if some eternal villain , Some busy and insinuating rogue , Some cogging cozening slave , to get some office , Have not devised this slander ; I 'll be hang 'd else .	I will be hanged , if some eternal villain , Some busy and insinuating rogue , Some scheming , lying slave , to get some job , Hasn ’ t made up this slander , or else , I 'll be hanged .
Methinks I hear Antony call .	I think I hear Antony call me .
But what ’ s your jest ?	But I don ’ t get it — what ’ s the joke ?
Pray you , leave your courtesy , good monsieur .	I beg you , stop making curtsies , good sir .
Yes , a dozen , and as many to th ' vantage as would store the world they played for .	Yes , a dozen of them — as many as there are women in the world , in fact .
See , they encounter thee with their hearts ’ thanks .	See , they greet you with their hearts ' thanks .
That love i begged for you he begged of me .	That he felt for me the love that I begged him to feel for you .
Come , away .	Come on , you can go .
Look , Lucius , here ’ s the book I sought for so .	Look , Lucius , here ’ s the book I was searching for .
Why , so didst thou .	Why , so did you .
Now , by my hood , a gentle and no Jew .	My God , she can ’ t be a Jew , she ’ s too nice !
The glowworm shows the matin to be near , And ' gins to pale his uneffectual fire .	The glowworm ’ s light is beginning to fade , so morning is near .
Go , Philostrate , Stir up the Athenian youth to merriments ; Awake the pert and nimble spirit of mirth ; Turn melancholy forth to funerals ; The pale companion is not for our pomp .	Go , Philostrate , Stir up the young people of Athens to start swinging ; Get the party spirit going ; Turn sadness back to the funerals — No sadness at our parties .
Marry , on Hero , the daughter and heir of Leonato .	Hero , the daughter and heir of Leonato .
The best news is that we have safely found Our king and company .	The best news of all is that we ’ ve located our king and our men .
As I am an honest man , I thought you had received some bodily wound ; there is more sense in that than in reputa- tion .	As I am an honest man , I thought you had received some bodily wound ; there is more sense in that than in reputation .
The Hyrcanian deserts and the vasty wilds Of wide Arabia are as thoroughfares now For princes to come view fair Portia .	Princes travel across deserts and the vast wilderness of Arabia to come see the beautiful Portia .
Woe , woe are we , sir , you may not live to wear All your true followers out .	We ’ re very sorry , sir , that you may not live to wear us out with your commands .
No doubt but he hath got a quiet catch .	There ’ s no doubt that Petruchio ’ s got quite a catch .
Not for thy fairy kingdom .	Not for your entire fairy kingdom .
Knock , knock !	Knock , knock !
I can say little more than I have studied , and that question ’ s out of my part .	I ’ m sorry , but I memorized what I ’ m supposed to say here today , and that question isn ’ t part of the speech I learned .
My lord , I shall reply amazèdly , Half sleep , half waking .	My lord , what I say may be a little confused , since I ’ m half asleep and half awake .
Time travels in diverse paces with diverse persons .	Time travels at different speeds for different people .
Were not you even now with the Countess Olivia ?	Excuse me , weren ’ t you with Countess Olivia just now ?
If she will stir hither , I shall seem to notify unto her .	If she feels like coming over here , I ’ ll give her your message .
This is kind I offer .	I ’ m making a kind offer — zero percent financing .
Yet but three ?	Only three ?
You are idle , shallow things .	You ’ re all lazy and shallow .
Till which encounter It is my business too .	I ’ ll be getting my own figures together in the meantime .
Oh , that that earth , which kept the world in awe , Should patch a wall t ' expel the winter ’ s flaw !	Oh , to think that the same body that once ruled the world could now patch up a wall !
Why , sir , a carpenter .	I ’ m a carpenter , sir .
Tear him for his bad verses , tear him for his bad verses .	Tear him apart for his bad verses , tear him apart for his bad verses .
where are all the rest ?	where are all the rest ?
Go .	Go on .
I think our country sinks beneath the yoke .	I do think Scotland is sinking under Macbeth ’ s oppression .
I will be satisfied !	I will be satisfied or shamed .
Go , Tubal , fee me an officer , bespeak him a fortnight before : I will have the heart of him , if he forfeit ; forwere he out of Venice , I can make what merchandise I will .	I ’ ll have his heart , if he defaults ; because , if he were out of business in Venice , I can make whatever deals I want to .
No , by this heavenly light !	No , by this heavenly light !
Tell him his fears are shallow , without instance .	Tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries .
I am glad thy father ’ s dead , Thy match was mortal to him , and pure grief Shore his old thread in twain .	I ’ m glad your father isn ’ t alive to see this .
marry , a perfumed one .	By Mary , a perfumed one .
And though I make this marriage for my peace , I ’ th ’ East my pleasure lies .	Tell Ventidius I want to speak with him .
I ’ ll torture him .	I ’ ll torture him .
O heavens , that they were living both in Naples , The king and queen there !	Oh God , I wish the two of them were alive and living in Naples , as king and queen !
Come , let me clutch thee .	Come , let me clutch you .
Oh , the cry did knock Against my very heart !	Their dying shouts broke my heart !
Poor souls , the perished .	Poor souls , they perished .
So fare you well .	So good-bye for now .
And what other oath Than honesty to honesty engaged , That this shall be , or we will fall for it ?	And what oath do we need other than that we honest men have told each other that this will happen or we will die trying ?
For my part , I do not lie in 't , yet it is mine .	For my part , I don ’ t lie in it , yet it ‘ s mine .
Didst hear her speak ?	Did you hear her speak ?
Ay , let her rot , and perish , and be damned tonight , for she shall not live .	Yes , let her rot , and die , and be damned tonight ; because she shall not live .
Pleasure and action make the hours seem short .	All this excitement has made the time fly by .
Tennis balls , my liege .	Tennis balls , my liege .
Ay , on the front .	Yes , on the front .
Do then , but I ’ ll not hear .	Go ahead , but I won ’ t listen .
Faith , sir , you need not fear .	I assure you , sir , there ’ s nothing to be afraid of .
Now a little fire in a wild field were like an old lecher ’ s heart — a small spark , all the rest on ’ s body cold .	On a night like this a campfire in an empty field would be like the heart of a dirty old man — a tiny spark in a cold body .
What , Pindarus !	What , Pindarus !
Oh , but she is wise .	But she is wise .
Tis very true .	Yes , that was it .
Whilst you were here o 'erwhelmed with your grief — A passion most unsuiting such a man — Cassio came hither .	While you were being overwhelmed here by your grief , A passion very unsuitable to such a man , Cassio came here .
There ’ s the cunning of it .	That ’ s what ’ s clever about it .
That chain will I bestow — Be it for nothing but to spite my wife — Upon mine hostess there .	I swear to her that I haven ’ t , but it doesn ’ t change anything .
O , fie , fie , fie !	Oh , that ’ s disgusting !
Trouble us not .	Don ’ t bother us .
I will do this , if you can bring it to any opportunity .	I ’ ll do it , if you help me out .
Why , then you must .	Well , if you have to go , you have to go .
How now ?	A What ’ s going on ?
Why , there ’ s more gold .	Well then , here ’ s more money for you .
Then none have I offended .	Then I have offended no one .
If you be well pleas 'd with this , And hold your fortune for your bliss , Turn you where your lady is , And claim her with a loving kiss .	If you are well pleased with this , And hold your fortune for your bliss , Turn to where your lady is And claim her with a loving kiss . ” A gentle scroll .
I thought thou hadst been resolute .	I thought you were resolved to do this .
If it please you to dine with us .	If it pleases you to dine with us .
Detain no jot , I charge thee .	Don ’ t keep anything back , I insist .
Who commands them , sir ?	Who commands them , sir ?
Come on , then .	Come on , then .
Ay , Caesar , but not gone .	Yes , Caesar , but not gone .
That will I , should I die the hour after .	Yes , even if I die an hour later .
He ’ s almost slain , and Roderigo dead .	He ’ s near death , and Roderigo ’ s dead already .
If we are like you in the rest , we will resemble you in that .	If we ’ re like you in everything else , we ’ ll resemble you in that respect .
How old are you , friend ?	How old are you , friend ?
I will be treble-sinewed , -hearted , -breathed , And fight maliciously .	I ’ ll fight brutally .
For all the rest , They 'll take suggestion as a cat laps milk ; They 'll tell the clock to any business that We say befits the hour .	For all the rest , They 'll take a suggestion as a cat licks up milk : They 'll turn the clock to any business that We say is right for the hour .
Thunder &ket; &bra; Thunder &ket; Alas , the storm is come again !	Thunder &ket; Alas , the storm has come again !
Catesby , o 'erlook the walls .	A drum !
Why , this is not a boon , ' Tis as I should entreat you wear your gloves , Or feed on nourishing dishes , or keep you warm , Or sue to you to do a peculiar profit To your own person .	This is like if I asked you to wear your gloves when it ’ s cold outside , or eat nutritious food , or do something that ’ s good for you .
Twas never merry world Since lowly feigning was call ’ d compliment .	The world ’ s gone downhill since fake humility started passing for compliments .
His word is more than the miraculous harp .	Gonzalo is a miracle-worker .
I remember him well , and I remember him worthy of thy praise .	I remember him well , and my memory tells me that he deserves your praise .
A fiend like thee might bear my soul to hell .	A devil like you could lead me to hell .
Against all rules of nature , and must be driven To find out practices of cunning hell Why this should be .	The devil must be behind this .
Know you any , count ?	Do you know any , count ?
Be not afeard .	Don ’ t be scared .
Signior Brabantio , ho !	Signor Brabantio , hey !
Woo ’ t fast ?	Stop eating ?
You durst not so have tempted him .	You wouldn ’ t have dared to tempt him so .
But swords I smile at , weapons laugh to scorn , Brandish 'd by man that 's of a woman born .	But I smile at swords , laugh scornfully at weapons , Brandished by man that 's been given birth by a woman .
Who keeps her company ?	Who ’ s been with her ?
Oh , then we bring forth weeds When our quick minds lie still , and our ills told us Is as our earing .	It ’ s easy to err when left to our own devices , but criticism helps us to see our faults and correct them .
I pray you , fail me not .	I beg you , don ’ t let me down .
But down .	Stay down , heart .
Her dotage now I do begin to pity .	Now I ’ m starting to pity Titania for being so infatuated .
Then would to God that I had never seen 't !	Then I wish to God that I had never seen it !
I have already .	I have already .
Th ' occasion speaks thee , and My strong imagination sees a crown Dropping upon thy head .	Opportunity ’ s knocking for you , and in my imagination I see a crown dropping onto your head .
So tell them , Publius .	Tell them this , Publius .
Why art thou here , Come from the farthest step of India ?	The only reason you left India was to come here and see that butch Amazon Hippolyta .
I think it was to see my mother 's wedding .	I think it was to see my mother 's wedding .
O dear !	Oh dear !
What say you then to Falconbridge , the young baron of England ?	What do you say then about Falconbridge , the young baron of England ?
May 't please your Highness sit .	May it please your highness , sit .
I hope the king made peace with all of us ; And the compact is firm and true in me .	The king made peace among all of us .
If you be not mad , be gone .	If you ’ re just insane , then get out of here .
Are you so gospell 'd , To pray for this good man and for his issue , Whose heavy hand hath bow 'd you to the grave And beggar 'd yours for ever ?	Are you such believers in the gospel that you would pray for this good man and for his children , the same man whose heavy hand has led you to death , and made your families beggars ?
Out , damned spot !	Out , damned spot !
Why , get you gone !	Well , get out of here then !
Such a mad marriage never was before .	That was the limit for me .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s this all about ?
Why had I one ?	Why did I ever have one ?
I have used thee , Filth as thou art , with human care , and lodged thee In mine own cell till thou didst seek to violate The honor of my child .	I took good care of you — piece of filth that you are — and let you stay in my own hut until you tried to rape my daughter .
I know not .	I don ’ t know .
Go to , woman !	Come one , woman !
Happy were England would this virtuous prince Take on his grave the sovereignty thereof .	England would be lucky to have this virtuous prince as king .
Sister , content you in my discontent . — Sir , to your pleasure humbly I subscribe .	Sister , be happy in my unhappiness . — Sir , I will humbly obey you .
How , in stripping it , You more invest it !	The more you joke about it , the more clearly I feel how serious it is !
I pray you , master , tell me ?	Please , master , tell me .
Nor I.	Me too .
To do this is within the compass of man ’ s wit , and therefore I will attempt the doing it .	I think I can do that .
And I am your Rosalind .	And I am your Rosalind .
I 'll put a girdle round about the earth In forty minutes .	I 'll make my trip around the world In forty minutes .
By th ' law of arms thou wast not bound to answer An unknown opposite .	According to the laws of war , you didn ’ t have to fight a stranger .
Save means to live .	Everything except something to live on .
With one fool ’ s head I came to woo , But I go away with two . — Sweet , adieu .	I came here with a fool ’ s head on my shoulders and now I ’ m leaving with two . — Goodbye , sweet lady .
Wherefore are these things hid ?	Why do you hide these things ?
And not one vessel ' scape the dreadful touch Of merchant-marring rocks ?	And not one vessel escaped the dreadful touch Of the rocks that can break a merchant ?
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
Come , I will have thee , but , by this light , I take thee for pity .	Come on , I ’ ll take you , but honestly I ’ m only doing it out of pity .
There is so much that thou wilt kill me straight : Kill Brutus , and be honor 'd in his death .	There is so much money if you ’ ll kill me now ; Kill Brutus , and be honored in his death .
My liege , I am advisèd what I say , Neither disturbed with the effect of wine , Nor heady-rash , provoked with raging ire , Albeit my wrongs might make one wiser mad .	My lord , I know what I ’ m saying .
Nor in thine , lord .	Nor is it up to you , my lord .
He ’ ll but break a comparison or two on me , which , peradventure not marked or not laughed at , strikes him into melancholy , and then there ’ s a partridge wing saved , for the fool will eat no supper that night .	And that will save a partridge wing from being eaten , because he ’ ll be too miserable for dinner .
There are no tongues else for ’ s turn .	No one else would .
That he hath usèd thee .	That he had sex with you .
Dear my lord , Make me acquainted with your cause of grief .	My dear lord , tell me what ’ s bothering you .
Nor I.	Nor I.
But what is your affair in Elsinore ?	But what are you doing in Elsinore ?
I do not think it good .	I don ’ t think it ’ s a good idea .
I looked her in the face , and saw her led Between her brother and Mark Antony .	I saw her face as she walked with her brother and Mark Antony .
He is already named , and gone to Scone To be invested .	He is already named King ; and gone to Scone To be invested .
Brutus shall lead , and we will grace his heels With the most boldest and best hearts of Rome .	Brutus shall lead , and we will follow him With the most boldest and best hearts of Rome .
If you deny it , let the danger light Upon your charter and your city ’ s freedom .	If you refuse to allow me to do so , your city ’ s charter and its freedom are endangered .
You , cousin .	You , niece .
Her father loved me , oft invited me , Still question 'd me the story of my life From year to year , the battles , sieges , fortunes , That I have pass 'd .	Her father loved me , often invited me ; Still questioned me the story of my life , From year to year , the battles , sieges , fortunes , That I have been in .
What , art thou waking ?	Are you dreaming or awake ?
Thus do I ever make my fool my purse ; For I mine own gain 'd knowledge should profane , If I would time expend with such a snipe But for my sport and profit .	This is the way I ever make my fool my purse ; Because I should abuse my own gained knowledge If I would waste time with such a fool Only for my sport and profit .
My soul shall thine keep company to heaven .	My soul will keep yours company on the way to heaven .
By this hand , I ’ ll have that gown .	I swear that gown ’ s for me .
In which array , brave soldier , doth he lie , Larding the plain , and by his bloody side , Yoke-fellow to his honor-owing wounds , The noble earl of Suffolk also lies .	By his side lies the noble earl of Suffolk , York ’ s comrade and equal in brave wounds .
Bonos dies , Sir Toby .	Priest .
How now ?	Who ’ s that ?
O most bloody sight !	O most bloody sight !
Thou wouldst be great ; Art not without ambition , but without The illness should attend it .	You could be great ; You are not without ambition , only without The drive should usually goes with it .
Ay .	Yes .
God bless thee , and put meekness in thy breast , Love , charity , obedience , and true duty .	God bless you and make you obedient , loving , and kind .
To vail the title , as her mother doth .	Only to watch that title become worthless , as her mother has .
My father ’ s bears more toward the marketplace .	My father-in-law lives closer to the marketplace .
Caesar sits down in Alexandria , where I will oppose his fate .	I will fight him there .
Thou art too like the spirit of Banquo .	You look too much like the ghost of Banquo .
fourscore ducats !	Eighty dollars !
Say it is done , And I will love thee and prefer thee for it .	As soon as the deed is done , you will be in my favor and I will promote you .
Now , what 's the business ?	Now , what 's the latest ?
On him , on him !	On him , on him !
Rightly to be great Is not to stir without great argument , But greatly to find quarrel in a straw When honour 's at the stake .	Rightly to be great Is not to move without great argument , But to find quarrel greatly in worthless land When honor ’ s at stake .
The nephew to old Norway , Fortinbras .	The nephew to old Norway , Fortinbras .
Brutus , and Caesar : what should be in that Caesar ?	Brutus " and " Caesar . ” What is in that name , " Caesar ?
Shake off this downy sleep , death ’ s counterfeit , And look on death itself !	Shake off sleep , which looks like death , and look at death itself !
Why , now I see there ’ s mettle in thee , and even from this instant to build on thee a better opinion than ever before .	From this moment on I have a higher opinion of you than before .
Signior Antonio !	Mr. Antonio !
Let me , if not by birth , have lands by wit .	If I can ’ t have an estate by birthright , then I ’ ll get it by being clever .
This is the door .	This is the door .
Is not that he that lies upon the ground ?	Isn ’ t that him on the ground ?
And thus it may be .	Then that ’ s the way it may turn out .
I will hear Brutus speak .	I ’ ll hear Brutus speak .
Now he denies it faintly , and laughs it out .	Now he denies it a bit , and tries to laugh it off .
Drown thyself ?	Drown yourself ?
Ay , but these English are shrewdly out of beef .	Yes , but these English are seriously short of beef .
And Launcelot , soon at supper shalt thou see Lorenzo , who is thy new master ’ s guest .	You ’ ll soon be meeting Lorenzo at supper ; he ’ ll be a guest of your new master .
No harm .	No harm done .
What demi-god Hath come so near creation ?	What minor god Has come so near to making a woman ?
My heart is sorry for your daughter ’ s death , But , on my honor , she was charged with nothing But what was true and very full of proof .	I ’ m sorry about your daughter ’ s death , but I swear our accusations were true , and backed up with proof .
I do not find that thou deal ’ st justly with me .	I don ’ t think you ’ re treating me fairly .
There ’ s some conceit or other likes him well When that he bids good morrow with such spirit .	You always know he ’ s got some plan that pleases him when he says good morning with such gusto .
Are you crept hither to see the wrestling ?	Have you snuck over here to watch the wrestling ?
Bid the players make haste .	Tell the actors to hurry .
But I do prophesy the election lights On Fortinbras .	But I bet Fortinbras will win the election to the Danish crown .
I ’ ll do my best To woo your lady — Whoe 'er I woo , myself would be his wife .	I ’ ll do my best to make this lady love you .
In law , what plea so tainted and corrupt , But , being season 'd with a gracious voice , Obscures the show of evil ?	In law , what plea is so tainted and corrupt That , being delivered with a gracious voice , Obscures the evil underneath ?
Prithee , put up .	Come on , put it away .
Now , my co-mates and brothers in exile , Hath not old custom made this life more sweet Than that of painted pomp ?	Now , my companions and brothers in exile , hasn ’ t experience made this simple life sweeter than a life of glittery pomp and circumstance ?
Be assured of this , That the magnifico is much beloved , And hath in his effect a voice potential As double as the Duke 's .	Be assured of this , That the magnifico is very popular ; And has , in his office , a voice equal To twice the duke 's .
Tis not to make me jealous To say my wife is fair , feeds well , loves company , Is free of speech , sings , plays , and dances .	If you say my wife is beautiful , eats well , loves good company , speaks freely , sings , plays music , and dances well , you ’ re not making me jealous .
Dost understand the word ?	Do you understand the word ?
The English force , so please you .	The English army , sir .
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
to Alonso &ket; Had I plantation of this isle , my lord , — &bra; to Alonso &ket; Had I &bra; to Sebastian &ket; He 'd sow 't with nettle-seed .	If I had a plantation of this island , my lord , — Listen , plant it with plants that sting .
Well contented .	Agreed .
Better thou Hadst not been born than not t ' have pleased me better .	It would ’ ve been better for you not to have been born at all than to displease me as you did .
What beast was ’ t , then , That made you break this enterprise to me ?	If you weren ’ t a man , then what kind of animal were you when you first told me you wanted to do this ?
Holds it true , sir , that the Duke of Cornwall was so slain ?	Is it true , sir , that the Duke of Cornwall was killed as they say ?
If he were dead , you ’ d weep for him .	If he were dead , you ’ d be weeping for him .
Stay 'd it long ?	Did it stay long ?
Heartily farewell .	Heartily , farewell .
How heavy weighs my lord !	My lord is so heavy !
I do entreat you , not a man depart , Save I alone , till Antony have spoke .	Please , no man leave , Except I alone , until Antony has spoken .
In youth when I did love , did love , Methought it was very sweet ; To contract — O — the time for — a — my behove , O , methought there — a — was nothing — a meet .	In youth when I did love , did love , I thought it was very sweet , To contract , O , the time for , ah , my reason , O , I thought there was nothing meet .
Marry , heaven forbid !	By Mary , heaven forbid !
But where is he ?	But where is he ?
They have dispatched with Pompey ; he is gone .	They finished their business with Pompey , and Pompey has left .
Seven days and nights ?	Seven days and seven nights ?
Tranio , I saw her coral lips to move And with her breath she did perfume the air .	Tranio , I saw her coral-pink lips move and perfume the air with her breath .
The better for the King of heaven that hath him .	That will please God , who has him now .
Give o 'er the play .	Stop the play .
Pray you , tell me this ; If he should break his day , what should I gain By the exaction of the forfeiture ?	Please , tell me this ; If he should break his promise , what should I gain By taking his forfeit ?
Patience awhile , good Cassio .	Patience awhile , good Cassio .
Ay , his breast .	Yes , his chest !
Methinks it should be now a huge eclipse Of sun and moon , and that the affrighted globe Should yawn at alteration .	I think there should now be a huge eclipse Of sun and moon , and that the frightened globe Should yawn at changes .
You blocks , you stones , you worse than senseless things !	You blocks , you stones , you worse than senseless things !
Thriftless ambition , that wilt ravin up Thine own life 's means !	Thriftless ambition , that will plunder Your own life 's means !
Shut doors after you .	Shut the doors after you .
Come hither , Fabian .	You too , Fabian .
How now ?	How is it now !
Not that I know .	Not that I know of .
Oh , coward that I am , to live so long To see my best friend ta 'en before my face !	Oh , I ’ m such a coward for living long enough to see my best friend taken before my eyes !
Before the days of change , still is it so .	It ’ s always like this in times of change .
Come , wherefore should you be so pashful ?	Come , why be so hesitant ?
In few , Ophelia , Do not believe his vows ; for they are brokers , Not of that dye which their investments show , But mere implorators of unholy suits , Breathing like sanctified and pious bonds , The better to beguile .	In short , Ophelia , Don ’ t believe his vows , because they are pimps , Not made of those things which show outside , But mere beggars of unholy courtships , Breathing like holy and righteous procurers , The better to deceive you .
What soldiers , patch ?	What soldiers , fool ?
I pray thee , get us some excellent music , for tomorrow night we would have it at the Lady Hero ’ s chamber window	Please , get some excellent music , because tomorrow we want to serenade Lady Hero at her bedroom window .
Didst thou dream , Lucius , that thou so criedst out ?	Were you dreaming , Lucius , that you cried out like that ?
Come , love and health to all ; Then I 'll sit down .	Come , love and health to all ; Then I 'll sit down .
You slave , you cur !	You scoundrel !
That would hang us , every mother 's son .	That would hang us , every mother 's son .
Sometimes from her eyes I did receive fair speechless messages .	Sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me .
Bestow it at your pleasure , and believe Caesar ’ s no merchant , to make prize with you Of things that merchants sold .	Do whatever you like with it .
How chance the roses there do fade so fast ?	Why do the roses in your cheeks fade so fast ?
I have been your tenant and your father ’ s tenant these fourscore years .	I ’ ve rented land from you and your father for eighty years .
You have displaced the mirth , broke the good meeting , With most admired disorder .	Please , remain seated .
Slay !	Slay !
You look wearily .	You look tired .
Therefore to horse ; And let us not be dainty of leave-taking , But shift away .	Therefore , get to your horse , And let us not be too dainty in saying goodbye , But only sneak away .
Dismiss me .	Send me away .
The world is grown so bad That wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch .	The world has become so bad that now little wrens have settled where eagles used to roost .
You shall hear more by midnight .	You ’ ll hear more from me by midnight .
Is it a man ?	Was it a man ?
O , that you bore The mind that I do !	O , I wish you were of The same mind as I am !
The good years shall devour them , flesh and fell , Ere they shall make us weep .	Our jailers will shrivel up with old age before they make us cry again .
Fathers , from hence trust not your daughters ' minds By what you see them act .	Fathers , from now on don ’ t believe you can know your daughters ' minds from the way you see them act .
If thou be 'st valiant — as they say base men being in love have then a nobility in their natures more than is native to them — list me .	If you are valiant , as , they say , corrupt men being in love have a nobility in their natures that is more than natural to them , listen to me .
Take not the quarrel from His powerful arm ; He needs no indirect or lawless course To cut off those that have offended Him .	God doesn ’ t need to use indirect or illegal means to kill those who have offended him .
With Demetrius .	No , with Demetrius .
Thou hast my love .	You have my friendship .
We look for you tomorrow .	We ’ ll see you tomorrow .
Or , failing so , yet that I put the Moor At least into a jealousy so strong That judgment cannot cure .	If I can ’ t do that , I can at least make the Moor so jealous that he can ’ t think straight .
Take it , God , For it is none but thine .	Take credit , God , for it is no one ’ s doing but yours .
Thou and thy meaner fellows your last service Did worthily perform , and I must use you In such another trick .	You and your fellow spirits did your last assignment well , and now I need your help again .
Ay , madam , but returns again tonight .	Yes , madam , only to return again tonight .
Here come two noble beasts in , a man and a lion .	Look , here come two noble animals , a man and a lion .
O piteous spectacle !	Oh , what a sad sight !
A king of shreds and patches !	A king of shreds and patches !
Unless he have a fancy to this foolery , as it appears he hath , he is no fool for fancy , as you would have it appear he is .	Unless you ’ re talking about his love for this kind of foolishness — which , judging from his appearance , he has — he is no fool for love , as you pretend .
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
If he have caught the Benedick , it will cost him a thousand pound ere a be cured .	If he ’ s caught the Benedick , he ’ ll lose all his money before he ’ s cured .
and wake Diana with a hymn ; With sweetest touches pierce your mistress ' ear , And draw her home with music .	And wake the goddess of Love with a hymn ; Pierce your mistress ’ ear with sweetest touches , And bring her home with music .
You make me study of that : she was of Carthage , not of Tunis .	You made me study that one ; she was from Carthage , not of Tunis .
Come , let ’ s away to prison .	Come on , let ’ s go to prison .
And after that , he came thus sad away ?	And , after that he came , away sad ?
O excellent device — and make a sop of him .	What an excellent idea — he ’ ll soak up the wine !
It hath been The untimely emptying of the happy throne And fall of many kings .	It has caused the downfall of many kings .
Here they ’ ll be , man .	Here ’ s where they ’ ll end up , on the floor .
The French is gone off , look you , and there is gallant and most prave passages .	The French have retreated , see , and there were great acts of courage .
O , she tore the letter into a thousand halfpence , railed at herself that she should be so immodest to write to one that she knew would flout her .	Oh , she tears that letter into a thousand small pieces and berates herself for being so forward as to write a letter to a man she knows would mock her .
For from broad words , and ’ cause he fail 'd His presence at the tyrant 's feast , I hear , Macduff lives in disgrace .	Because from his bold words , and because he didn ’ t Go to the tyrant 's feast , I hear , Macduff lives in disgrace .
You will lose this wager , my lord .	You will lose this wager , my lord .
I have done no harm .	I haven ’ t done anything wrong .
Open your gates .	Open your gates .
Faith , I saw it not , but I felt it hot in her breath .	Honestly , I didn ’ t see it , but I felt it in her hot breath .
What do you see ?	What do you think I ’ ve got on my head ?
Edmund , seek him out , wind me into him , I pray you .	Edmund , go find him .
are we cuckolds , ere we have deserv 'd it ?	Are we betrayed before we have deserved it ?
To serve me well , you all should do me duty : Teach me to be your queen , and you my subjects .	What I deserve is that you treat me like a queen , and what you deserve is to act like my subjects .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
I desire your more acquaintance , good Master Mustardseed .	I want to get to know you as well , good Master Mustardseed .
He therefore sends you , meeter for your spirit , This tun of treasure , and , in lieu of this , Desires you let the dukedoms that you claim Hear no more of you .	And in return for this gift , he wishes you to drop your claim to the dukedoms .
This does make some obstruction in the blood , this cross-gartering , but what of that ?	These crisscrossing laces do cut off the circulation in my legs a bit , but who cares ?
If I do it , let the audience look to their eyes ; I will move storms ; I will condole in some measure .	I will move them to storms of tears ; I will rouse their pity in some measure .
I think he bought his doublet in Italy , his round hose in France , his bonnet in Germany , and his behavior everywhere .	I think he got his jacket in Italy , his tights in France , his hat in Germany , and his behavior everywhere .
I must , she ’ ll rail in the street else .	Actually , I should .
What is ’ t you do ?	What are you doing ?
If thou dost marry , I 'll give thee this plague for thy dowry : be thou as chaste as ice , as pure as snow , thou shalt not escape calumny .	If you do , by Mary , I ’ ll give you this curse for your wedding gift : whether you as chaste as ice , as pure as snow , you shalt not escape slander .
So the sins of my mother should be visited upon me .	Then I ’ d be punished for the sins of my mother .
Let ’ s see these pockets .	Let ’ s look in his pockets .
I took him to be killed with a thunder-stroke .	I took him to be killed with lightning .
It must be your imagination then , and not theirs .	In that case it ’ s your imagination that ’ s interesting , not the play .
What is the matter , masters ? — Honest Iago , that looks dead with grieving , Speak , who began this ?	What ’ s the matter here , gentlemen ? — Honest Iago , you look upset .
O , touch me not !	Oh !
Thy reason , dear venom , give thy reason .	Why are you leaving , my angry friend ?
If there come truth from them — As upon thee , Macbeth , their speeches shine — Why , by the verities on thee made good , May they not be my oracles as well , And set me up in hope ?	If the witches tell the truth — which they did about you — maybe what they said about me will come true too .
And so we will , provided that he win her .	Absolutely — so long as he gets the girl .
Hear me for my cause , and be silent that you may hear .	Listen to my reasons and be silent so you can hear .
A most extracting frenzy of mine own From my remembrance clearly banished his .	I was so crazy myself that I forgot all about him .
My soul is full of discord and dismay .	My soul is full of confusion and sorrow .
I ’ ll no more of you .	I don ’ t want to have anything to do with you anymore .
How is it else the man i ' the moon ?	How else is it the man in the moon ?
When it appears to you where this begins , Turn your displeasure that way , for our faults Can never be so equal that your love Can equally move with them .	When you find out who started this disagreement , turn your anger upon them .
Our general cast us thus early for the love of his Desdemona — who let us not therefore blame .	The general got rid of us early tonight so he could be with Desdemona . — I can ’ t blame him .
in apprehension how like a god !	in understanding , how like a god !
Here 's a change indeed !	Here 's a change indeed !
O , that that earth , which kept the world in awe Should patch a wall to expel the winter 's flaw !	O , that the earth which kept the world in fear Should patch a wall to expel the winter 's cold !
Wilt thou go to bed , Malvolio ?	Don ’ t you think you should go to bed , Malvolio ?
I swear ’ tis better to be much abused Than but to know ’ t a little .	It is better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a little .
By my troth , my lord , I cannot tell what to think of it , but that she loves him with an enraged affection , it is past the infinite of thought .	Really , my lord , I don ’ t know what to make of it , but she loves him with such a passion that it ’ s past all understanding .
I hear him .	I hear him .
Well , to our work alive .	Well , let ’ s get to our work .
How chance Moonshine is gone before Thisbe comes back and finds her lover ?	How is it that moonshine is gone before Thisbe comes back and finds her lover ?
Besides , you grow dishonest .	Besides , you ’ ve gotten unreliable .
You shall not in your funeral speech blame us , But speak all good you can devise of Caesar , And say you do ’ t by our permission .	You will not blame us in your funeral speech , but will say all the good you want to about Caesar and that you do it by our permission .
Or docks , or mallows .	Or thorn-bushes .
Our size of sorrow , Proportioned to our cause , must be as great As that which makes it .	The size of my sorrow must be as great as its source .
The messenger Came on my guard , and at thy tent is now Unloading of his mules .	The messenger arrived on my watch and is unloading his mules at your tent .
Ay , but , lady , That policy may either last so long , Or feed upon such nice and waterish diet , Or breed itself so out of circumstances , That I being absent and my place supplied , My general will forget my love and service .	Yes , but , lady , That policy may either last so long , Or feed on such nice and light diet , Or take itself so out of circumstance , That , with my absence and my place filled , My general will forget my love and service .
We ’ ll wait upon your lordship .	Lead the way , sir .
Trust me , I am glad on ’ t .	I ’ m happy about that .
O dear son Edgar , The food of thy abusèd father ’ s wrath , Might I but live to see thee in my touch , I ’ d say I had eyes again !	If I live long enough to touch you again , that would be as good as having my eyesight back .
For any good That I myself have done unto myself ?	Did I do anything good to myself ?
There my Lysander and myself shall meet .	From then on we ’ ll turn our backs on Athens .
I did so , and went further , which is now Our point of second meeting .	I did that and more , which brings me to the point of this second meeting .
Strato , thou hast been all this while asleep .	Strato , you ’ ve slept this whole time .
If this be known , Cassius or Caesar never shall turn back , For I will slay myself .	If this is known , Cassius or Caesar shall never turn back , Because I ’ ll kill myself .
Follow me then .	Follow me then .
There ’ s two or three of us have seen strange sights .	Two or three of us have seen strange things .
Goblin , lead them up and down .	Goblin , lead them up and down .
No , no .	No , no .
Rub him about the temples .	Rub him around the temples .
He had a thousand noses , Horns whelked and waved like the enragèd sea .	He had a thousand noses and twisted horns , like wave crests in a storm at sea .
I trouble thee too much , but thou art willing .	I ask too much of you , but you ’ re always willing .
Royal wench !	Royal seductress !
Come what come may , &bra; Aside .	Let whatever ’ s going to happen , happen .
How do you , pretty lady ?	How do you , pretty lady ?
Therefore exhale .	So take your last breath .
You shall Have letters from me to some friends that will Sweep your way for you .	I ’ ll give you letters of introduction to some friends of mine who will help you .
My parts , my title , and my perfect soul Shall manifest me rightly .	My good qualities , my legal status as Desdemona ’ s husband , and my innocence will protect me .
If all the devils of hell be drawn in little , and Legion himself possessed him , yet I ’ ll speak to him .	I don ’ t care if all the devils in hell crammed together to possess him , I still want to speak to him .
Pardon me , Caesar , for my dear dear love To your proceeding bids me tell you this , And reason to my love is liable .	Pardon me , Caesar ; because my dear , dear love To your advancement bids me tell you this ; And reason is responsible to my love .
He holds me well ; The better shall my purpose work on him .	He trusts me well , The better my plan will work on him .
Did not you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on ?	Didn ’ t you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garments he had on ?
Are you sure of that ?	Are you sure of that ?
Who , I , my lord ?	Who , I , my lord ?
Arise , and say how thou camest here .	Get up and tell me how you came here .
Why , wherefore ask you this ?	Why are you asking me that ?
Let 's assist them , For our case is theirs .	Let ’ s join them , Since our predicament is the same as theirs .
were 't good ?	Were it good ?
What villains have done this ?	What villains have done this ?
Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works .	Repent and avoid damnation .
Hark !	Listen !
trick up with new-tuned oaths ; and what a beard of the general ’ s cut and a horrid suit of the camp will do among foaming bottles and ale-washed wits is wonderful to be thought on .	And what a beard trimmed like the general ’ s or a rough uniform will do among foaming mugs and brains washed with ale , you wouldn ’ t believe .
Would they had stay 'd !	I wish they had stayed !
Gracious my lord , I should report that which I say I saw , But know not how to do ’ t .	My gracious lord , I should tell you what I saw , but I don ’ t know how to say it .
Should not upbraid our course .	As
To his good friends thus wide I 'll ope my arms And , like the kind life-rendering pelican , Repast them with my blood .	I ’ ll open my arms wide like this to his good friends , And , like the pelican of the old fables , Feed them with my own blood .
Quite dumb ?	Quite dumb ?
What ’ s the boy Malcolm ?	What ’ s the boy Malcolm ?
Tis far off , And rather like a dream than an assurance That my remembrance warrants .	It is faded , And rather like a dream than a definite Memory in my mind .
There is some strange thing toward , Edmund .	Strange things are about to happen , Edmund .
I loved you ever .	I always loved you .
O Corin , that thou knew ’ st how I do love her !	Oh , Corin , I wish you could understand how much I love her !
Why , how now , daughter Katherine ?	Now , daughter Katherine ?
Do you not know me , Father ?	You really don ’ t recognize me , father ?
Let it go all .	Let it all go .
The gods reward your kindness !	May God reward you for your kindness !
Tis something , nothing : ' Twas mine , ’ tis his , and has been slave to thousands .	It ’ s something , it ’ s nothing : it ’ s yours , it ’ s mine , and it ’ ll belong to thousands more .
So , by my former lecture and advice , Shall you my son .	So , using my lecture and advice from before , You shall check on my son .
What is ’ t you seek ?	What do you want ?
I am not so reputed !	I don ’ t have that kind of reputation !
You know , sometimes he walks four hours together Here in the lobby .	You know sometimes he walks for hours and hours Here in the lobby .
If you thrive well , bring them to Baynard ’ s Castle , Where you shall find me well accompanied With reverend fathers and well-learnèd bishops .	If things go well , bring the crowd to I ’ m off .
Dost thou forget From what a torment I did free thee ?	Do you forget From what a torment I freed you ?
But I will tarry .	But I ’ ll linger .
Then , masters , look to see a troublous world .	Then , gentlemen , we can count on trouble .
Thy loving father , Hamlet .	Start without me .
So were you .	So were you .
The lunatic , the lover , and the poet , Are of imagination all compact .	The lunatic , the lover , and the poet Are all compact in their imagination .
He comes upon a wish .	I ask for him , and he comes .
But are not some whole that we must make sick ?	But aren ’ t there some healthy men whom we have to make sick ?
Lorenzo , I commit into your hands The husbandry and manage of my house Until my lord ’ s return .	Lorenzo , please take charge of the management of my house until my husband comes back .
Shall we see this wrestling , cousin ?	Shall we go watch this wrestling , cousin ?
I will neither be faced nor braved .	I will not be faced or bested .
You are too officious In her behalf that scorns your services .	You are too over-zealous On her behalf that rejects your services .
Suppose th ' Ambassador from the French comes back , Tells Harry that the king doth offer him	Imagine the French ambassador returning to inform Harry that the king offers him
I 'll keep my oath , Patiently to bear my wroth .	I 'll keep my oath , Patiently to deal with my anger .
When I wore it at your daughter ’ s marriage ?	I mean when I wore it at your daughter ’ s wedding .
Thou know 'st we work by wit and not by witchcraft , And wit depends on dilatory time .	You know we work by wit and not by witchcraft ; And wit depends on slow time .
The night has been unruly .	The night has been unruly .
He breathes , my lord .	He is , my lord .
You have been talk 'd of since your travel much , And that in Hamlet 's hearing , for a quality Wherein they say you shine .	You have been talked about since your travel so much , For a quality where , they say , you really shine .
And for the rest o ' th ' fleet , Which I dispersed , they all have met again And are upon the Mediterranean float , Bound sadly home for Naples , Supposing that they saw the king ’ s ship wracked And his great person perish .	As for the rest of the ships , I scattered them , and they ’ ve gathered again in the Mediterranean , sailing sadly home to Naples , believing that they witnessed the shipwreck and death of their great king .
He did comply with his dug before he sucked it .	He did comply with his mother ’ s breast before he sucked it .
No ; they were well at peace when I did leave ’ em .	No ; they were well at peace when I did leave them .
Beware the ides of March .	Beware the Ides of March .
Thou hast killed my child .	You killed my child .
Up in the air , crowned with the golden sun , Saw his heroical seed and smiled to see him Mangle the work of nature and deface The patterns that by God and by French fathers Had twenty years been made .	crowned by the golden sun , observed his heroic son and smiled to see him mangle the work of nature , French youth whose fathers and God had nurtured for twenty years , since they were babies .
Upon my sword .	Swear on my sword .
Wo , ha , ho !	Hey !
I tell you ’ tis not very well .	It ’ s not okay !
Sir , good success .	Good luck , sir .
Your cake there is warm within ; you stand here in the cold .	The food inside is warm , but you ’ re out here freezing .
My lord , the King your father .	My lord , the king your father .
Be not afraid of greatness . ” ' Twas well writ .	Don ’ t be afraid of greatness . ” That was well written .
Make thick my blood , Stop up the access and passage to remorse , That no compunctious visitings of nature Shake my fell purpose nor keep peace between The effect and it !	Make my blood thick , Stop up the ways remorse can get into and leave my body , That no feelings of guilt Keep me from what I intend to do , or put guilt between The consequences and the deed !
Give me , ” quoth I.	Give me , " said I.
And with such maimed rites ?	And with such shortened rites ?
O hell , what have we here ?	What ’ s this ?
Good night .	Good night .
Now he denies it faintly and laughs it out .	Now he denies it faintly and laughs it out .
Gratiano , keep the house , And seize upon the fortunes of the Moor , For they succeed on you .	Gratiano , keep the house , And seize on the fortunes of the Moor , Because they fall on you .
No .	No , absolutely not .
Tis he that sends us to destroy you here .	It ’ s Richard who sent us here to slaughter you .
To bed , to bed ; there 's knocking at the gate .	To bed , to bed ; there 's knocking at the gate .
I never spake with her in all my life .	I never talked with her in my life .
You know no Centaur ?	You never heard of the Centaur ?
I will , my Hermia .	I will , my Hermia .
Who cannot want the thought how monstrous It was for Malcolm and for Donalbain To kill their gracious father ?	And who can help thinking how monstrous it was for Malcolm and Donalbain to kill their gracious father ?
Is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard ?	Is he enough of a man to wear a hat and grow a beard ?
Her fallow leas The darnel , hemlock , and rank fumitory Doth root upon , while that the coulter rusts That should deracinate such savagery .	Her fallow fields are overgrown with weeds , while the blade that should uproot such wilderness lies rusting .
Are you native of this place ?	Were you born here ?
no more moving ?	no more moving ?
When the sea is .	I ’ ll be patient when the sea is patient .
He says , for Brutus ' sake , He finds himself beholding to us all .	He says , for Brutus ' sake , He finds himself grateful to us all .
O , name him not .	No , don ’ t even mention him .
More of this matter cannot I report .	I can ’ t tell you anything else .
Only be patient till we have appeased The multitude , beside themselves with fear , And then we will deliver you the cause Why I , that did love Caesar when I struck him , Have thus proceeded .	Only be patient until we have pacified The multitude , who are beside themselves with fear , And then we will tell you the reason Why I , that loved Caesar when I struck him , Have acted this way .
Better be with the dead , Whom we , to gain our peace , have sent to peace , Than on the torture of the mind to lie In restless ecstasy .	It ’ s better to be with the dead , Whom we have sent to their peace to gain our peace , Than to lie on a bed , torturing of the mind In a restless frenzy .
If thou didst ever hold me in thy heart Absent thee from felicity a while , And in this harsh world draw thy breath in pain To tell my story .	If you ever loved me , then please postpone the sweet relief of death awhile , and stay in this harsh world long enough to tell my story .
The ship was under sail .	The ship was already sailing .
Make those that do offend you suffer too .	Make sure the ones who have wronged you suffer too .
I would we were well rid of this knavery .	I wish this trick would be over .
Our queen and all our elves come here anon .	The queen and her elves will be here soon .
What , from myself ?	What , from myself ?
How should I your true love know From another one ?	How should I know your true love From another one ?
Therefore lay bare your bosom .	So , bare your chest .
Madam , I will .	No problem , madam .
What said Northumberland as touching Richmond ?	What did Northumberland say about Richmond ?
When is the royal day ?	When should the royal day be ?
I , as I may — that which I would I cannot , — With best advantage will deceive the time , And aid thee in this doubtful shock of arms .	I can ’ t do everything I want to , but I ’ ll help you as well as I can .
Answer as I call you . — Nick Bottom , the weaver ?	Answer when I call your name . — Nick Bottom , the weaver ?
Tis very grievous to be thought upon .	Very sad .
Look how he laughs already !	He ’ s laughing already !
Well , thou dost best .	Well , you do what ’ s best .
If you knew my business , You would entreat me rather go than stay .	If you knew the reason , you ’ d understand and would urge me to go rather than stay .
My industrious servant , Ariel !	My trusty servant , Ariel !
Not a word .	Not a word .
Wondrous heavy .	I ’ m terribly sleepy .
By God 's sonties , ' twill be a hard way to hit .	Be God 's sonties , it will be a hard way to go .
If Caesar had stabbed their mothers they would have done no less .	But never mind them — if Caesar had stabbed their mothers , they would ’ ve forgiven him .
O my Christian ducats !	Oh my Christian ducats !
There , take it , Prince .	Damn it !
And we , like friends , will straightway go together .	And we ’ ll leave together , like friends .
Hail , mortal !	Hail , mortal !
And yet no matter .	But I guess it doesn ’ t matter .
This heavy-headed revel east and west Makes us traduced and taxed of other nations .	Other countries criticize us for our loud partying .
I will say so .	I will say so .
There 's comfort yet ; they are assailable .	There 's comfort in that .
Prince John is this morning secretly stolen away .	I ’ ll get there first and tell him what we found out .
In such a night , Did young Lorenzo swear he lov 'd her well ; Stealing her soul with many vows of faith , And ne 'er a true one .	In such a night Young Lorenzo swore he loved her well , Stealing her soul with many vows of love , — And never a true one .
By day and night he wrongs me .	He constantly offends me .
Who then shall blame His pestered senses to recoil and start , When all that is within him does condemn Itself for being there ?	Who can blame him for acting crazy , when inside he condemns himself for everything he ’ s done ?
If we are marked to die , we are enough To do our country loss ; and if to live , The fewer men , the greater share of honor .	If we are slated to die , the fewer , the better for our country , and if we ’ re slated to live , the fewer men , the greater the share of honor for each of us .
Hail .	Hello !
I thank thee , master .	Thank you , master .
His reason well I know .	I know the real reason .
Nay , an you be a cursing hypocrite once , you must be looked to .	Since you are a lying hypocrite , we must look after you .
But this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband .	But thinking like this won ’ t help me choose a husband .
Take up the body .	Take up the body .
How fares our cousin Hamlet ?	How ’ s our cousin Hamlet ?
How with mine honor may I give him that Which I have given to you ?	How could I honorably give him what I ’ ve already given you ?
Back , slave , or I will break thy pate across .	Go back , slave , or I ’ ll knock you one across the head .
He may not , as unvalued persons do , Carve for himself ; for on his choice depends The safety and health of this whole state , And therefore must his choice be circumscribed Unto the voice and yielding of that body Whereof he is the head .	He may not , as lower persons do , Select for himself , for on his choice depends The safety and health of this whole state , And therefore must his choice be subject To the voice and consent of that state That he is the head of .
If this were true , then should I know this secret .	If this is true , then I should know this secret .
I fear the trust Othello puts him in On some odd time of his infirmity Will shake this island .	I fear the trust Othello puts him in , because At some odd time of his infirmity , he Will shake this island .
Not for the wide world .	I wouldn ’ t do that for the whole wide world .
Two thousand souls and twenty thousand ducats Will not debate the question of this straw .	Two thousand souls and twenty thousand dollars Will not settle the question of who owns this worthless land .
What were his marks ?	What did he say the symptoms were ?
You must take your chance ; And either not attempt to choose at all , Or swear , before you choose , — if you choose wrong , Never to speak to lady afterward In way of marriage ; therefore be advis 'd .	You must take your chance , And either don ’ t attempt to choose at all , Or swear before you choose that , if you choose wrong , You will never to speak to me afterward About marriage ; so be advised .
Then go we in to know his embassy , Which I could with a ready guess declare Before the Frenchman speak a word of it .	Then let ’ s go in and hear what he has to say — though I think I can guess before the Frenchman has uttered a word .
Proceed , Moon .	Proceed , moon .
For us , and for our tragedy , Here stooping to your clemency , We beg your hearing patiently .	For us and for our tragedy , Here stooping to your clemency , We beg you listen patiently .
Why ask you this ?	Let ’ s go .
Shall I be tempted of the devil thus ?	Shall I be tempted by the devil ?
Bleed , bleed , poor country !	Bleed , bleed , poor country !
If I see anything tonight why I should not marry her , tomorrow in the congregation , where I should wed , there will I shame her .	If I see anything tonight that convinces me not to marry her , I ’ ll shame her tomorrow in the very congregation where I would have married her .
Tis a good hand , A frank one .	It is a good hand , An open one .
I hate it as an unfilled can .	I hate your logic as much as I hate an empty drinking cup .
This shall make Our purpose necessary and not envious , Which so appearing to the common eyes , We shall be call 'd purgers , not murderers .	This shall label Our purpose as necessary and not jealous , Which appearing to be respectful to common eyes , We shall be called purgers , not murderers .
I know my lady will strike him .	I know that my lady ’ s going to end up hitting him .
We ’ ll burn his body in the holy place , And with the brands fire the traitors ' houses .	We ’ ll burn his body in the holy place and use the brands to set the traitors ' houses on fire .
It seems not meet , nor wholesome to my place , To be producted ( as , if I stay , I shall ) Against the Moor .	It would be inappropriate — dangerous , even — for me to be seen working against the Moor , as I would if I stayed .
Hold , ho ! — Lieutenant — sir — Montano — gentlemen — Have you forgot all place of sense and duty ?	lieutenant , --sir , --Montano , --gentlemen , -- Have you forgot all place of sense and duty ?
Five-and-twenty , sir .	Twenty-five , sir .
what news among the merchants ?	What ’ s the news among the merchants ?
Done .	You ’ re on .
And with the juice of this I ’ ll streak her eyes And make her full of hateful fantasies .	I ’ ll put the juice of this flower on Titania ’ s eyes , and fill her with horrible delusions and desires .
This is not altogether fool , my lord .	Well , you ’ ve given away all your other rightful titles .
O , wonderful !	O , wonderful !
Thou dost infect mine eyes .	You ’ re poisoning my eyes .
Good Grumio , fetch it me .	Nice Grumio , bring me some .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
Thou drivest me past the bounds Of maiden 's patience .	You drive me past the bounds Of a maiden 's patience .
Villainous thoughts , Roderigo !	Villainous thoughts , Roderigo !
My lord , the army of great Buckingham — Out on you , owls !	Buckingham himself has wandered away alone to who knows where .
Come in , tailor ; here you may roast your goose .	Come in , tailor ; here you may roast your goose .
For even now I put myself to thy direction and Unspeak mine own detraction ; here abjure The taints and blames I laid upon myself , For strangers to my nature .	for even now I put myself to your direction , and Take back my own detraction of myself ; here renounce The taints and blames I laid upon myself , As strangers to my nature .
Emilia , run you to the citadel And tell my lord and lady what hath happed . — Will you go on afore ?	Emilia , go to the castle and tell Othello and Desdemona what happened . — Will you please go now ?
My lord ?	My lord ?
No more be done .	No , nothing .
Go you down that way towards the Capitol .	You go down toward the Capitol , and I ’ ll go this way .
Farewell , kind Charmian .	Good-bye , kind Charmian .
No .	No .
What ’ s here ?	What ’ s this ?
Nine or ten times I had thought t ' have yerked him here under the ribs .	Nine or ten times I wanted to stab him under the ribs .
All but mariners Plunged in the foaming brine and quit the vessel , Then all afire with me .	Everyone except the sailors dove into the sea , leaving behind the ship that I had set on fire .
He knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo — By the bad voice .	He recognizes me like a blind man recognizes a cuckoo — by its bad voice .
Pray you , sit still .	I beg you , sit still .
Thou hast a lady far more beautiful Than any woman in this waning age .	You have a noble wife who is much more beautiful than any other woman in this declining age .
My lord , for aught I know .	My lord , for all I know .
I am no child , no babe .	I am not a child or an infant .
Tomorrow then I will expect your coming .	I will see you tomorrow , then .
First , forward to the temple .	Let ’ s go to the temple first .
Give me the daggers .	Give me the daggers .
Hortensio , peace .	Hush , Hortensio .
We ’ ll mend our dinner here .	Can we finish our lunch ?
I would thou hadst been son to some man else .	I wish you were someone else ’ s son .
Bring him away .	Bring him with us .
I ’ ll drain him dry as hay .	I ’ ll drain the life out of him .
The King my father ?	The King my father !
I think it doth .	I think so .
Let us seek out some desolate shade and there Weep our sad bosoms empty .	Let ’ s seek out some shady place where we can sit down alone and cry our hearts out .
Nor I neither .	Neither would I.
But , O grief , Where hast thou led me ?	But , oh no !
I have heard my father name him .	I ’ ve heard my father mention him .
I take my leave of you .	I ’ ll say good-bye now .
Hark thee , Clitus .	Listen , Clitus .
Oh , help !	Oh , help !
Oh , out of that “ no hope ” What great hope have you !	I ’ ve got no hope that he survived .
Where is our usual manager of mirth ?	Where is our entertainment director ?
Tush , I may as well say the fool ’ s the fool .	C ’ mon , I might as well say the fool ’ s the fool !
They swore that you were almost sick for me .	They swore that you were sick with love for me .
No , pray thee , let it serve for table-talk ; Then , howso 'er thou speak 'st , ' mong other things I shall digest it .	No , please , let it serve for dinner conversation ; Then , no matter what you say , I shall digest it with the other things I ’ m eating up .
How ?	How ?
I have done my duty .	I ’ ve only done my duty .
It is indifferent cold , my lord , indeed .	It is rather cold , indeed , my lord .
Let me see now ,	Let ’ s see , how can I
Who , queasy with his insolence already , Will their good thoughts call from him .	The Roman people are fed up with his arrogance already .
The mind I sway by and the heart I bear Shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear .	The mind I think with and the courage I have Shall never sag with doubt or shake with fear .
Myself will straight aboard , and to the state This heavy act with heavy heart relate .	I myself will board the ship right away and go to the state To relate his heavy act with heavy heart .
Macbeth doth come .	Macbeth does come .
What , is the jay more precious than the lark Because his feathers are more beautiful ?	I mean , is the jay more precious than the lark because his feather is more beautiful ?
What can be avoided Whose end is purposed by the mighty gods ?	How can we avoid what the gods want to happen ?
This hand is moist , my lady .	This hand is moist , my lady .
I hate a drunken rogue .	I hate no-good drunks .
It is the quality o 'th ’ climate .	It is the nature of the climate .
Farewell .	Farewell .
A good old commander and a most kind gentleman .	A veteran commander and a very kind gentleman .
He is welcome too .	He ’ s welcome too .
Well , let ’ s away and say how much is done .	Well , let ’ s get out of here and tell Macbeth what we did accomplish .
I know his trumpet .	I recognize his trumpet .
No more .	Oh , shut up .
I would fain learn to lie .	I want to learn how to lie .
Tis a villain , sir , I do not love to look on .	It is a villain , sir , that I don ’ t like to look at .
Lord Edmund spake not with your lord at home ?	Lord Edmund didn ’ t speak to your master at home ?
It follows , then , the cat must stay at home .	It would follow from this that the cat should stay home .
I do not well know , my lord .	I ’ m not sure , my lord .
Where art thou , Death ?	Where are you , Death ?
Tis just , And it is very much lamented , Brutus , That you have no such mirrors as will turn Your hidden worthiness into your eye That you might see your shadow .	And it ’ s very much lamented , Brutus , That you don ’ t have any mirrors that will Let you see your own hidden worthiness , Any mirrors that you might let you see your shadow .
Let their heads be slickly combed , their blue coats brushed , and their garters of an indifferent knit .	Tell them to slick down their hair , brush their blue coats , and make sure their socks match .
By the Lord , Horatio , this three years I have taken note of it , the age is grown so picked that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier he galls his kibe .	By the Lord , Horatio , these three years I have noted that the age is grown so picky that the toe of the peasant comes so near the heel of the courtier , he hurts his feelings .
Our fortune lies Upon this jump .	Our fate depends on this chance .
Come , go along .	That ’ s enough .
Let it be who it is .	Let it be who it is .
Then comes my fit again .	Now I ’ m scared again .
Yes , by Saint Patrick , but there is , Horatio , And much offense too .	Ah , but there is , Horatio , there ’ s a lot of offense .
O Iago !	O Iago !
Adieu ! — tears exhibit my tongue .	Tears exhibit my voice .
In weightier things you ’ ll say a beggar nay .	For more important things , you ’ ll say no .
There ’ s but one down .	There ’ s only one body here .
The Prince and Claudio promised by this hour To visit me . — You know your office , brother .	The Prince and Claudio are supposed to be here by now . — You know your job , brother .
The duke of Exeter doth love thee well .	You ’ re on very good terms with the duke of Exeter .
Peace be with Burgundy .	Peace to you , my lord of Burgundy .
Strives in his little world of man to outscorn The to-and-fro – conflicting wind and rain .	Small but brave in his surroundings , he ’ s trying to stand up against the wind and rain blowing back and forth .
To Brutus ' , to Cassius ' , burn all .	To Brutus ’ s , to Cassius ’ s , let ’ s burn them all .
The town is beseeched , and the trumpet call us to the breach , and we talk and , be Chrish , do nothing , ’ tis shame for us all .	The town is besieged , and the trumpet calls us to the gap , and we talk and do nothing , by Christ .
Know ’ st thou his mind ?	Do you know his plans ?
Oh , now forever Farewell the tranquil mind !	Oh , goodbye to my peace of mind !
For Oberon is passing fell and wrath Because that she , as her attendant hath A lovely boy stolen from an Indian king .	He ’ s furious because she stole an adorable boy from an Indian king .
Never .	Never .
Such as I am , I come from Antony .	Humble as I am , I represent Antony .
A plague upon you , murderers , traitors all !	Curse you all , you ’ re all murderers and traitors !
Mark Antony , here , take you Caesar 's body .	Mark Antony , here , take Caesar 's body .
Tomorrow , soldier , By sea and land I ’ ll fight .	Tomorrow , soldier , I ’ ll fight by sea and land .
Am I in France ?	Am I in France ?
Mooncalf , speak once in thy life , if thou beest a good mooncalf .	Monster sweetie , be a good monster and just speak once .
He ’ s not thy kinsman .	He ’ s not your relative .
Go thou with me , and let me counsel thee .	Come with me and let me advise you .
Why , we are still handling our ewes , and their fells , you know , are greasy .	Why , because we ’ re always handling our ewes , and their fleece , as you know , is greasy .
How ?	How ?
Pray you , is he married to Cleopatra ?	Is he married to Cleopatra ?
I would not so much as make water but in a sink-a-pace .	I wouldn ’ t even pee without dancing a waltz .
Doctor , the thanes fly from me .	Doctor , the Barons desert me .
I ’ ll fetch the general ’ s surgeon . — Save you your labor . — He that lies slain here , Cassio , Was my dear friend .	I ’ ll get the general ’ s surgeon .
When Prospero is destroyed .	As soon as you kill Prospero .
So fare you well , till we shall meet again .	So goodbye until we shall meet again .
In this slumbery agitation , besides her walking and other actual performances , what , at any time , have you heard her say ?	In this slumbery agitation , besides her walking and other actual performances , what , at any time , have you heard her say ?
Nothing could have subdued nature To such a lowness but his unkind daughters .	Nothing but cruel daughters could have degraded him like this .
Made it for me , sir ?	Made it for me ?
I do follow here in the chase , not like a hound that hunts , but one that fills up the cry .	I followed you here in the chase , not like a hound that hunts , but like the hunted by the hound .
Know ’ st thou not the duke Hath banished me , his daughter ?	Don ’ t you realize the duke has also banished me , his daughter ?
Live a thousand years , I shall not find myself so apt to die .	I could live a thousand years and I wouldn ’ t be as ready to die as I am now .
Seek him , Titinius , whilst I go to meet The noble Brutus , thrusting this report Into his ears .	Look for him , Titinius , while I go to meet the noble Brutus and force him to hear this news .
Well , happiness to their sheets !	Well , happiness to their sheets !
There is no other shelter hereabouts .	There ’ s no other shelter around here .
What should such a fool Do with so good a wife ?	What should such a fool Do with so good a wife ?
Nay , if they lead to any ill , I will leave them at the next turning .	No , if they try to lead us to harm , I will leave the dance floor at the next song .
I would I were at home .	I want to go home .
I was not angry since I came to France Until this instant .	I was not angry since I came to France until this instant .
what , ho !	What , hello !
Are you a man ?	Are you a man ?
what mistress , slave , hast thou ?	What mistress do you have ?
Deny to speak with me ?	How can they refuse to speak with me ?
This making Christians will raise the price of hogs .	All these new Christians will make the price of hogs go up .
My lord , you once did love me .	My lord , you used to like me .
Down , therefore , and beg mercy of the Duke .	So get down on your knees and beg mercy from the duke .
If she cannot entreat , I can compel .	If she cannot beg , I can order .
Tongue , not a word .	Tongue , do not speak .
I could find in my heart to beat him — But that the poor monster ’ s in drink .	I could find it in my heart to beat him — Come on , kiss my feet .
Approach the chamber , and destroy your sight With a new Gorgon .	Go into the bedroom and see for yourself .
Bleed , bleed , poor country !	Bleed , bleed , poor country !
Thou must not take my former sharpness ill .	You mustn ’ t hold my earlier outburst against me .
Go softly on .	She ’ s insistent .
Had I a glass , I would .	I would , if I had a mirror .
And shall our quick blood , spirited with wine , Seem frosty ?	And shall our lively blood , quickened by wine , be so frosty ?
Sir , grieve not you ; you are welcome notwithstanding .	Sir , don ’ t grieve ; you are welcome nevertheless .
Farewell , good Salisbury , and good luck go with thee .	Farewell , good Salisbury ; and may good luck go with you .
Upon my soul , a lie , a wicked lie .	I swear on my soul it was a lie .
What , man !	What , man !
Tell him he shall not speak with me .	Tell him he ’ s not going to speak with me .
Hold off your hands .	Let go of me .
Seek !	Seek !
Come , Dromio , come , these jests are out of season .	That ’ s enough , Dromio , please .
Fail not our feast .	Don ’ t miss our feast .
That he was never trainèd up in arms .	That he was never trained as a soldier .
Peradventure , to make it the more gracious , I shall sing it at her death .	Perhaps , to make it the more gracious , I shall sing it at her death .
If you had known the virtue of the ring , Or half her worthiness that gave the ring , Or your own honor to contain the ring , You would not then have parted with the ring .	If you ’ d known how much that ring meant , how much the woman who gave it to you is worth , or how much your honor depended on your keeping the ring , you wouldn ’ t have let it go .
No ; you will reveal it .	No , you 'll reveal it .
Now I see , I see , In Fulvia ’ s death how mine received shall be .	Whether I go ahead with them or not is completely up to you .
Alas , what ignorant sin have I committed ?	Have I done something to offend you without knowing it ?
If 't be not for some purpose of import , Give 't me again .	If it ’ s not for an important purpose , Give it back to me again .
Your worship was wont to tell me , I could do nothing without bidding .	You , sir , always told me I couldn ’ t do anything without bidding .
I scarce did know you , uncle ; there lies your niece , Whose breath indeed these hands have newly stopp 'd .	I scarcely knew you , uncle ; there lies your niece , Whose breath , indeed , these hands have just stopped .
Here ’ s more news .	Here ’ s more news .
Let copulation thrive , for Gloucester ’ s bastard son Was kinder to his father than my daughters got ’ tween the lawful sheets .	Let ’ s have more sex in the world , since Gloucester ’ s bastard son was kinder to him than my daughters , conceived in lawful wedlock , have been to me .
O Hamlet , what a falling off was there !	Oh , Hamlet , how far she fell !
If they speak but truth of her , These hands shall tear her ; if they wrong her honor , The proudest of them shall well hear of it .	If they have spoken the truth about Hero , I will tear her apart with my bare hands .
Dighton and Forrest , whom I did suborn To do this piece of ruthless butchery , Albeit they were fleshed villains , bloody dogs , Melted with tenderness and mild compassion , Wept like two children in their deaths ' sad story .	Dighton and Forrest , whom I hired to perform the butchery , are used to killing people , the bloody dogs .
By Chrish , la , ’ tish ill done .	Christ , it ’ s a disaster .
So , adieu .	So , goodbye .
He wore his beaver up .	He had the front visor of his helmet up .
The world ’ s a huge thing .	The world ’ s huge .
So well thy words become thee as thy wounds ; They smack of honor both .	Your words suit you as your wounds do ; They both tell of honor .
Adieu , be vigitant , I beseech you .	Adieu .
Take comfort : he no more shall see my face ; Lysander and myself will fly this place .	Take it easy ; he shall see my face no more ; Lysander and I are going to leave this place quickly .
Most rightful judge !	What a righteous judge !
Let me find him , fortune !	Let me find him , fortune !
Lend me thy handkerchief .	Lend me your handkerchief .
Awake , awake !	Wake up , wake up !
What , urge you your petitions in the street ?	What , do you present your petitions in the street ?
Not in love neither ?	Not in love either ?
I 'll tell my husband , Launcelot , what you say ; here he comes .	I 'll tell my husband , Launcelot , what you say ; here he comes .
Nor I neither .	Me neither .
What tell ’ st thou me of robbing ?	Why are you talking about robbery ?
Brutus is wise , and , were he not in health , He would embrace the means to come by it .	Brutus is wise , and , if he were not in good health , He would do something about it .
Where he arrives he moves All hearts against us .	Wherever he goes , he inspires compassion and people turn against us .
Did this companion with the saffron face Revel and feast it at my house today Whilst upon me the guilty doors were shut And I denied to enter in my house ?	Did this fool with the yellow face feast and celebrate in my house today while the guilty doors shut in my face and locked me out of my own house ?
For three months , — well .	For three months ; right ?
My fair Bianca , bid my father welcome , While I with selfsame kindness welcome thine .	My fair Bianca , bid my father welcome , while I with equal affection welcome yours .
So is he now in execution Of any bold or noble enterprise , However he puts on this tardy form .	He ’ s still sharp when it comes to carrying out a bold or noble enterprise , though he puts on this show of stupidity .
Truly , sir , all that I live by is with the awl .	Sir , I make my living using an awl .
Go to thy cold bed and warm thee .	Go play with yourself .
Now , how dost thou look now ?	Now , how do you look now ?
He is not here , so please your lordship , that should sing it .	Sir , the person who should sing that song isn ’ t here .
If thou account ’ st it shame , lay it on me , And therefore frolic !	If you regard it as shameful , put the shame on me .
We must incline to the king .	We have to take the king ’ s side .
Give me another horse !	Give me another horse !
Oh !	Oh !
I have heard it said so .	I have heard it said so .
Portia , forgive me this enforced wrong ; And , in the hearing of these many friends , I swear to thee , even by thine own fair eyes , Wherein I see myself , — Mark you but that !	Portia , forgive me this forced wrong ; And in the hearing of these many friends , I swear to you , even by your own beautiful eyes , That I see myself in , — Listen , only that !
O , woe is me , To have seen what I have seen , see what I see !	O , woe is me , To have seen the man I have seen , see the man I see !
I have as much of this in art as you , But yet my nature could not bear it so .	I have as much of this skill as you , But still I couldn ’ t bear such new like that .
But repetition of what thou hast marred .	Only describing what you have ruined .
Beseech you , father .	Please , father , I beg you .
Nay , very pale .	No , very pale .
Ay , on my life , and hopes to find you forward Upon his party for the gain thereof ; And thereupon he sends you this good news , That this same very day your enemies , The kindred of the queen , must die at Pomfret .	For that reason he sends you this good news — that this very day your enemies , the queen ’ s relatives , will die at Pomfret .
Give me thy hand .	Give me your hand .
Shall I redeliver you e 'en so ?	Shall I re-deliver your answer like that ?
Think upon Vaughan , and with guilty fear Let fall thy lance .	I ’ m sweating and trembling with fear .
Fair princess , you have lost much good sport .	Fair princess , you ’ ve missed some good sport .
Then fate o 'er-rules , that , one man holding troth , A million fail , confounding oath on oath .	Then fate overrules me , that , as one man keeping his promise , A million fail in keeping theirs , confusing oath on oath .
Shall 't be tonight at supper ?	Shall it be tonight at supper ?
If you do sorrow at my grief in love , By giving love your sorrow and my grief Were both extermined .	Then both my grief and your sorrow will be cured .
Hag-seed , hence !	Offspring of a witch , come here !
What , art thou ashamed of me ?	Are you ashamed of me ?
Where hast thou been , sister ?	Where have you been , sister ?
Follow me , then , To plainer ground .	Follow me , then , To a clear place .
Lady , will you walk a bout with your friend ?	My lady , will you have a dance with me ?
No , Cassio is not kill 'd .	No , Cassio is not killed .
Hath Leonato any son , my lord ?	Does Leonato have a son , my lord ?
Some that will evermore peep through their eyes And laugh like parrots at a bagpiper , And other of such vinegar aspect That they ’ ll not show their teeth in way of smile Though Nestor swear the jest be laughable .	Some people will laugh at anything , and others are so grouchy they won ’ t even crack a smile when they hear something hysterically funny .
Boy !	Boy !
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s going on ?
Are you honest ?	Are you sincere ?
Fall to ’ t yarely , or we run ourselves aground .	That ’ s the way to do it !
Hence , away !	Okay , let ’ s go !
There is a brief how many sports are ripe ; Make choice of which your Highness will see first .	There is a brief list of how many events there are ; Make choice of which your highness will see first .
How if fair and foolish ?	What if she ’ s pretty but stupid ?
Your graces are right welcome .	Both of you are very welcome here .
The leisure and the fearful time Cuts off the ceremonious vows of love And ample interchange of sweet discourse , Which so-long-sundered friends should dwell upon .	The lack of time and the risk I ’ m under will have to keep us from bonding and catching up on each other ’ s news the way we usually would after not seeing each other for so long .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is that possible ?
I have almost slipped the hour .	I ’ ve almost missed the time he requested .
This is the imposthume of much wealth and peace , That inward breaks , and shows no cause without Why the man dies .	This is the abscess of much wealth and peace , That breaks inward , and shows no damage until The man dies .
Villain , thou liest ; for even her very words Didst thou deliver to me on the mart .	You said those exact things to me back in the marketplace .
A truant disposition , good my lord .	I felt like skipping school , sir .
Please you , draw near . — Louder the music there !	Please come closer . — Make the music louder , please !
The king comes here tonight .	The king is coming here tonight .
This is the night That either makes me or fordoes me quite .	To prison , until you ’ re called into court .
Is 't possible ?	Is it possible ?
The earl of Pembroke keeps his regiment — Good Captain Blunt , bear my goodnight to him , And by the second hour in the morning Desire the earl to see me in my tent .	Good Captain Blunt , tell the earl goodnight from me , and tell him that by two in the morning I would like him to visit my tent .
Since no man has aught of what he leaves , what is 't to leave betimes ?	Since no man has anything of what he leaves , what is it to leave soon ?
Portia , art thou gone ?	Portia , are you really gone ?
What will you give me now For that same handkerchief ?	What will you give me now For that same handkerchief ?
Why might not you , my lord , receive attendance From those that she calls servants , or from mine ?	Why couldn ’ t you be attended by my servants , or by Regan ’ s ?
O , then , by day Where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough To mask thy monstrous visage ?	O , then , by day Where will you find a cavern dark enough To hide your monstrous face ?
Now , soldiers , march away , And how Thou pleasest , God , dispose the day .	Now , soldiers , advance .
If there come truth from them — As upon thee , Macbeth , their speeches shine — Why , by the verities on thee made good , May they not be my oracles as well And set me up in hope ?	If they told the truth , As their speeches shine on you , Macbeth , Why , by the truths made good on you , Might they not be my prophecies as well , And set up my hopes ?
What , all so soon asleep ?	What , everybody falls asleep so fast ?
Think you to walk forth ?	Do you intend to walk outside ?
Go you and tell my daughter I would speak with her .	Go and tell my daughter I want to speak with her .
We say the king Is wise and virtuous , and his noble queen Well struck in years , fair , and not jealous .	We say the king is wise and good , and his noble queen is getting old , pretty , and not jealous .
It is with a good will .	It ’ s meant in good will .
It would be spoke to .	It wants us to speak to it .
Go with me To bless this twain that they may prosperous be , And honored in their issue .	Come help me bless this couple , so they will be prosperous and have many children .
Rude ragged nurse , old sullen playfellow For tender princes , use my babies well .	You are a rude , ragged nurse and an old , sullen playmate for such tender princes .
If I say sooth , I must report they were As cannons overcharged with double cracks , So they doubly redoubled strokes upon the foe .	To tell you the truth , they fought the new enemy with twice as much force as before ; they were like cannons loaded with double ammunition .
what , Lucius !	Hey , Lucius !
Perpend .	Consider .
Ay , that Petruchio came .	Yes , Petruchio .
He had a kind of taste . — Well , my conscience says , “ Launcelot , budge not . ” “ Budge ! ” says the fiend .	Anyway , my conscience says , “ Stay put . ” “ Go , ” the devil says .
Know thus far forth : By accident most strange , bountiful Fortune ( Now my dear lady ) hath mine enemies Brought to this shore .	You should know this : much luck is on my side , and my enemies have happened to wreck their ship on this island .
My niece Plantagenet Led in the hand of her kind aunt of Gloucester ?	My granddaughter , with her kind aunt , the duchess of Gloucester , leading her by the hand ?
Something we will determine .	Whatever we decide to do .
I am glad to see your Honor .	I ’ m glad to see you .
Sitting on a bank , Weeping again the king my father ’ s wrack , This music crept by me upon the waters , Allaying both their fury and my passion With its sweet air .	As I sat on the shore crying over my father ’ s shipwreck , I heard the music creep over the wild waves , calming their fury and soothing my own grief with its sweet melodies .
Many a man would take you at your word And go indeed , having so good a mean .	Many men would take you literally and take off with all this money .
You scarcely have the hearts to tell me so , And therefore cannot have the hearts to do it .	You barely have the heart to tell me , so you can ’ t possibly have the nerve to do it .
One dead , or drunk ?	A drunkard or a corpse ?
O Pyramus , arise !	Oh , Pyramus , get up !
So oft as that shall be , So often shall the knot of us be call 'd The men that gave their country liberty .	So often as that shall be , So often shall the group of us be called The men that gave their country liberty .
God speed fair Helena !	Hi , fair Helena !
Nay , certainly , I have heard the Ptolemies ’ pyramises are very goodly things .	I ’ ve heard that the pyramids build by the Ptolemies are splendid .
The weight of this sad time we must obey .	We must remember the gravity of this sad day .
Sir , you and I must part , but that ’ s not it .	Sir , you and I must part company — no , that ’ s not it .
But small to greater matters must give way .	But major issues must come before minor ones .
If he will not stand when he is bidden , he is none of the Prince ’ s subjects .	If he won ’ t stop when he ’ s told to , then he isn ’ t one of the Prince ’ s subjects .
I saw the Duchess of Milan ’ s gown that they praise so .	You know , I saw the Duchess of Milan ’ s gown , the one that everyone praises so highly .
The voice of Cassio .	That ’ s Cassio ’ s voice .
Let specialties be therefore drawn between us , That covenants may be kept on either hand .	Let ’ s have explicit contracts drawn up to ensure that both sides keep their promises .
Hoyday , a riddle !	Well , how nice , a riddle !
Happy is Hermia , wheresoe 'er she lies , For she hath blessed and attractive eyes .	Hermia is happy , wherever she lies , Because she has blessed and attractive eyes .
O you mighty gods , This world I do renounce , and in your sights Shake patiently my great affliction off .	Oh , you mighty gods !
How now , old lad ?	So what ’ s the story , old boy ?
Cassio , my lord , hath kill 'd a young Venetian Call 'd Roderigo .	Cassio , my lord , has killed a young Venetian Called Roderigo .
Appear and pertly ! — No tongue .	Appear before me now quickly — No talking .
He kills her in her own humor .	He ’ s giving her a taste of her own medicine .
If you do free your children from the sword , Your children ’ s children quits it in your age .	When you free your children from the sword , your grandchildren will repay you in your old age .
That ’ s very true , my lord .	That ’ s definitely true , my lord .
I ’ ll make her come , I warrant you , presently .	I ’ ll make her come right away , I promise you .
I go .	I ’ m going .
But come , your Bergomask .	But come on , let ’ s see you do your dance .
But for all this thou shalt have as many dolors for thy daughters as thou canst tell in a year .	But despite all this , your daughters will give you a lot of money — or do I mean pain ? — in the coming year .
And let us swear our resolution .	And let ’ s swear our determination .
And may not young men die as well as old ?	Oh , and young men never die ?
We charge you , in the Prince ’ s name , stand !	We charge you , in the Prince ’ s name , to stop !
But , sir , forgive me , Since my becomings kill me when they do not Eye well to you .	Even the traits that become me most kill me when you don ’ t approve of them .
Lysander ’ s love , that would not let him bide , Fair Helena , who more engilds the night Than all yon fiery oes and eyes of light .	I had to hurry to my love , beautiful Helena , who lights up the night better than all those fiery stars .
I am stuffed , cousin .	Sorry , I ’ m all stuffed .
If I can fasten but one cup upon him , With that which he hath drunk tonight already , He 'll be as full of quarrel and offense As my young mistress ' dog .	If I can get him to drink only one cup , With the one he ’ s already drunk tonight , He 'll be as full of fighting and insults As my young mistress ' dog .
Thy case , dear friend , Shall be my precedent : as thou got 'st Milan , I 'll come by Naples .	Your case , dear friend , Shall be my authority for what I do : as you go to Milan , I 'll come by Naples .
Do that good mischief which may make this island Thine own for ever , and I , thy Caliban , For aye thy foot-licker .	Do that good deed which may make this island Your own forever , and I , your Caliban , Your foot-licker forever .
Now in faith , Gratiano , You give your wife too unkind a cause of grief .	To tell the truth , Gratiano , you ’ re giving your wife a valid reason to get upset .
O , my lord , You said that idle weeds are fast in growth .	Oh , my lord , you once said that lazy weeds grow fast .
Never , Iago .	Never , Iago .
Pleaseth you walk with me down to his house , I will discharge my bond and thank you too .	Please , come to his house with me .
And in assemblies too .	And in public too .
I pray you tell me your remedy .	Please , tell me your cure .
Patience , I say ; your mind perhaps may change .	Patience , I say ; your mind may perhaps change .
And , to inure thyself to what thou art like to be , cast thy humble slough and appear fresh .	To get used to the life you ’ ll most likely be leading soon , get rid of your low-class trappings .
Tell thou the tale !	It ’ s too bad .
How came these things to pass ?	How did all this happen ?
She that doth call me husband , even my soul Doth for a wife abhor .	That woman who claims I am her husband — I loathe her in my soul .
You know not Whether it was his wisdom or his fear .	You don ’ t know Whether it was his wisdom or his fear .
Confined together In the same fashion as you gave in charge , Just as you left them ; all prisoners , sir In the lime-grove which weather-fends your cell ; They cannot budge till your release .	Confined together In the same fashion as you told me ; Just as you left them : all prisoners , sir , In the grove of trees which weatherproofs your dwelling ; They can ’ t budge until you release them .
Is that the meaning of “ accost ” ?	Is that really what you meant ?
What sayest thou ?	What ’ s that ?
From Hamlet ?	From Hamlet !
Know you what Caesar means to do with me ?	Do you know what Caesar intends to do with me ?
See how yon justice rails upon yon simple thief .	Look how the judge yells at a simple thief .
I had as lief have a reed that will do me no service as a partisan I could not heave .	I ’ d rather carry a reed that obviously can ’ t protect me than a sword I cannot lift .
Give me some music .	Play me some music .
Why , right , you are in the right .	Yes , you ’ re absolutely right .
what ?	what ?
Why should calamity be full of words ?	But give words a chance .
My lord , what is your will ?	My lord , what do you want ?
Didst thou not hear their shouts ?	Didn ’ t you hear their shouts ?
I have a reasonable good ear in music .	I have a pretty good ear for music .
Why , man , he doth bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus , and we petty men Walk under his huge legs and peep about To find ourselves dishonorable graves .	Why , Caesar straddles the narrow world like a giant , and we petty men walk under his huge legs and look forward only to dying dishonorably , as slaves .
Hark , a word with you .	Listen , may I have a word with you ?
Stands he or sits he ?	Is he standing or sitting ?
For my part , I am sorry it is turned to a drinking .	For my part , I ’ m sorry this battle turned into a drinking match .
Tis a notorious villain .	He is a notorious villain .
What I should think of this I cannot tell , But this I think : there ’ s no man is so vain That would refuse so fair an offered chain .	I don ’ t know what to think about this .
You ever gentle gods , take my breath from me .	Gentle gods in heaven , please let me die .
Nothing , my lord .	It ’ s nothing , my lord .
My lord , I take my leave .	My lord , I ’ ll say goodbye now .
Ride , ride , Messala , ride , and give these bills Unto the legions on the other side .	Ride , ride , Messala , ride , and give these dispatches to our forces on the other side .
Is ’ t not strange ?	Isn ’ t it strange ?
Most villanously , like a pedant that keeps a school i ' the church .	Oh , he looks like a pathetic Sunday school teacher .
I am the son of Marcus Cato , ho !	I am the son of Marcus Cato !
He has heard that word of some great man and now applies it to a fool .	He must ’ ve heard that phrase describing some great man and now he ’ s using it on a jester .
Ay , smile upon her , do ; I will gyve thee in thine own courtship .	Yes , go ahead and smile on her ; I will trap you in your own courtship .
I know my remedy .	I know my rights .
It waves me forth again .	It waves me forward again .
Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an acre of barren ground : long heath , brown furze , anything .	Right now I ’ d give a thousand
And leave out thee ?	And leave you out ?
Give me my sword .	Give me my sword .
Your will ?	What do you want ?
For there is not a more fearful wildfowl than your lion living .	There ’ s no scarier wild bird than the living lion , and we should remember that .
For the heavens , he shows me where the bachelors sit , and there live we as merry as the day is long .	He will show me the part of heaven where the bachelors sit , and I ’ ll have fun there forever .
to Stephano and Trinculo &ket; Hence , and bestow your lug- &bra; to Stephano and Trinculo &ket; Hence , and bestow your lug- gage where you found it .	Here , and your baggage back where you found it .
Himself .	I ’ m my own spokesman .
Young boys and girls Are level now with men .	Young boys and girls are equal to men .
That she is worthy , I know .	I know that she is worthy of that love .
Is Brutus sick ?	Are you sick ?
Speak low if you speak love .	If you wish to speak of love , speak more softly .
To these injunctions every one doth swear , That comes to hazard for my worthless self .	Everyone swears to these conditions Who come to take a chance for my worthless self .
Ay , marry , was ’ t , and he put it by thrice , every time gentler than other , and at every putting-by mine honest neighbors shouted .	Yes , indeed , it was , and he pushed it away three times , each time more gently than the last ; and at each refusal my countrymen shouted .
And I , delivering you , am satisfied , And therein do account myself well paid .	In saving you I consider myself well paid .
Prithee , no more .	Oh , please be quiet .
Are you a suitor to the maid you talk of , yea or no ?	Are you a suitor to the girl we speak of , yes or no ?
O , let me think on Hastings and be gone To Brecknock , while my fearful head is on !	Oh , let me remember what happened to Hastings and hurry to
Be ruled by me ; depart in patience , And let us to the Tiger all to dinner , And about evening come yourself alone To know the reason of this strange restraint .	Let ’ s assume that she has a reason , which you don ’ t know yet : have faith that she ’ ll eventually explain why she shut the doors on you today .
With her , on her , what you will .	With her , on her , whatever you want to think .
Forever and a day .	Forever and a day .
My villainy ?	My wickedness ?
O God , your only jig-maker .	Oh God — who is , by the way , the best comic of them all .
You charge me most unjustly .	That ’ s not fair .
Well said .	There we go !
You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should .	You ’ re taking it more seriously than I meant it .
Yet I have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .	But I have known people who sleepwalked and weren ’ t guilty of anything .
Thus answer I in the name of Benedick , But hear these ill news with the ears of Claudio .	Though I said my name was Benedick , I heard this news with Claudio ’ s ears .
Your Honor ’ s players , hearing your amendment , Are come to play a pleasant comedy , For so your doctors hold it very meet , Seeing too much sadness hath congealed your blood , And melancholy is the nurse of frenzy .	So I Your Honor ’ s actors , hearing of your recovery , have come to perform a pleasing comedy for you — and your doctors approve wholeheartedly .
Will it eat me ?	Will it eat me ?
There , My music playing far off , I will betray Tawny-finned fishes .	With my music playing in the background , I ’ ll lure fish .
Let ’ s hear it .	Let ’ s hear it .
Come , some music !	Come , some music !
Sir , fare you well .	Goodbye , sir .
Say then my peace is made .	Tell me that you ’ ll accept my love .
What make you from home ?	Why are you so far from home ?
What place ?	What place ?
How now , friend Eros !	How goes it , friend Eros ?
Goodly Lord , what a wit-snapper are you !	Goodly Lord , what a wit-snapper are you !
It is a wise father that knows his own child .	It takes a wise father to know his own child .
The King will be gone from Southampton .	The king will already have left Southampton .
Good Ursula , wake my cousin Beatrice and desire her to rise .	Good Ursula , go wake my cousin and ask her to get up .
I will watch tonight .	I ’ ll stand guard with you tonight .
Nay , let ’ s follow him .	No , let ’ s follow him .
Good lords , make all the speedy haste you may .	Go as fast as you can .
If I do not love her , I am a Jew .	If I don ’ t love her , I ’ m completely
Regan , I have good hope Thou didst not know on ’ t . — Who comes here ?	Regan , I hope you didn ’ t know anything about that . — Ah , who ’ s this ?
Upon my power I may dismiss this court , Unless Bellario , a learnèd doctor , Whom I have sent for to determine this , Come here today .	I have the authority to dismiss this court , unless Bellario comes today .
Cowards die many times before their deaths ; The valiant never taste of death but once .	Cowards die many times before their deaths ; The valiant only taste of death once .
Say he is sick .	Say he ’ s sick .
We ’ ll teach you to drink deep ere you depart .	I ’ ll teach you to drink hard by the time you leave .
I forget , But these sweet thoughts do even refresh my labours , Most busil 'est , when I do it .	I forget : But these sweet thoughts even refresh my work , Keep me very busy , at least when I do it .
I will not rise unless your Highness hear me .	I will not rise until your Highness hears me .
Where ’ s satisfaction ?	What proof is there ?
Unless the master were the man .	If only his lord were more like him .
I stumbled when I saw .	When I could see , I didn ’ t always see clearly .
So is my horse , Octavius , and for that I do appoint him store of provender .	So is my horse , Octavius , and for that , I appoint him keeper of the hay .
What doth this mean , my lord ?	What does that mean , my lord ?
Tis but an hour ago since it was nine , And after one hour more ’ twill be eleven .	Only an hour ago it was nine , and in another hour it will be eleven .
Their residence , both in reputation and profit , was better both ways .	Being in the city was better for them in regards to their reputation and their profits .
Hear 'st thou of them ?	Have you heard of them ?
He married but his occasion here .	He only married out of political necessity .
Any strange beast there makes a man .	Any strange beast there can be considered a man .
Begin you to grow upon me ?	Are you starting to challenge me ?
Wake Duncan with thy knocking .	Wake Duncan with your knocking .
For all the rest , They ’ ll take suggestion as a cat laps milk .	for the other men , we can make them believe anything we choose .
Ere the bat hath flown His cloistered flight , ere to black Hecate ’ s summons The shard-borne beetle with his drowsy hums Hath rung night ’ s yawning peal , there shall be done A deed of dreadful note .	Before the bat flies through the castle , and before the dung beetle makes his little humming noise to tell us it ’ s nighttime , a dreadful deed will be done .
What , we have many goodly days to see !	Indeed , we have many good days to look forward to !
Why , then ’ tis time to arm and give direction .	Why , then , it ’ s time to put on my armor and instruct the troops .
Hail to thee , lady !	Hall to you , lady !
Peace , ho !	Wait !
But , my good lord , this boy is forest-born And hath been tutored in the rudiments Of many desperate studies by his uncle , Whom he reports to be a great magician Obscurèd in the circle of this forest .	But , my lord , this boy was born in the forest and has been schooled not in the usual subjects but only in magic .
But now , Baptista , to your younger daughter .	Now , Baptista , let ’ s turn to your younger daughter .
With Cassio , mistress .	With Cassio , mistress .
That she was false to wedlock ?	He said she was unfaithful ?
There be that can rule Naples As well as he that sleeps , lords that can prate As amply and unnecessarily As this Gonzalo ; I myself could make A chough of as deep chat .	There is one that can rule Naples As well as the man who is sleeping , lords that can talk As much and unnecessarily As this Gonzalo : I myself could make Asses of these lords .
Zounds , I bleed still ; I am hurt to the death .	Zounds , I bleed still ; I am hurt to the death .
Should be ” — should buzz !	Should be ?
Throw physic to the dogs , I 'll none of it .	Throw medicine to the dogs , I 'll have none of it .
She did commend my yellow stockings of late , she did praise my leg being cross-gartered , and in this she manifests herself to my love , and with a kind of injunction , drives me to these habits of her liking .	She did compliment me on my yellow stockings recently , and she said she liked how the crisscross laces looked on my legs .
Demetrius , I will keep my word with thee .	Demetrius , I ’ m ready to fight you as promised .
I say she never did invent this letter .	The point is that she didn ’ t write this letter .
Ay , marry , why was he sent into England ?	Yes , by Mary , why was he sent to England ?
Give me your hand ; Conduct me to mine host .	Give me your hand ; Take me to my host .
By mine honor , in true English , I love thee , Kate .	I tell you truly , in true English : I love you , Kate .
What is it she does now ?	What ’ s she doing now ?
Signior Gratiano ?	Signior Gratiano ?
Was my father a traitor , Mother ?	Was my father a traitor , Mother ?
I will .	I will .
Ply Desdemona well , and you are sure on 't .	Persist with Desdemona well , and you are sure of it .
As thou art to thyself .	Yes , as much as you look like yourself .
I pray you tell your brother how well I counterfeited .	Please tell your brother what a convincing show I put on .
I fear you have sold your own lands to see other men ’ s .	I ’ m afraid you ’ ve sold your own land to see other men ’ s .
I told him what I thought , and told no more Than what he found himself was apt and true .	I told him what I thought .
Read it .	Read it .
Twenty crowns .	Twenty crowns .
A dire induction am I witness to , And will to France , hoping the consequence Will prove as bitter , black , and tragical .	I ’ ll head to France soon .
I will bestow a breakfast to make you friends ; and we ’ ll be all three sworn brothers to France .	Then we can all three be comrades on our way to France .
I do beseech ye , if you bear me hard , Now , whilst your purpled hands do reek and smoke , Fulfill your pleasure .	Please , if you hate me , kill me now While your purpled hands smeared with fresh blood .
I could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment .	I could really wish manners would invent some other kind of entertainment .
Tis true .	That ’ s true .
Would I could answer This comfort with the like .	I wish I could repay this happy news with good news of my own .
On the ground Sleep sound .	Sleep well there on the ground .
It was well done , and thou shalt sleep again ; I will not hold thee long .	You did well , and you shall sleep again ; I ’ ll not keep you long .
I tax not you , you elements , with unkindness .	Nature , I don ’ t accuse your weather of unkindness .
Truly , sir , to wear out their shoes , to get myself into more work .	Truly , sir , so I can wear out their shoes to get myself more work .
Fear not my government .	Don ’ t worry about how I handle it .
The table ’ s full .	The table ’ s full .
Why , he that cuts off twenty years of life Cuts off so many years of fearing death .	Why , he that spends twenty years fearing death Cuts twenty years off his life .
Let our best heads Know that tomorrow the last of many battles We mean to fight .	Tell our top commanders that I want tomorrow ’ s battle to be the last we fight .
Go thrust him out at gates , and let him smell His way to Dover .	He can sniff his way to Dover .
We would be resolved , Before we hear him , of some things of weight That task our thoughts concerning us and France .	Before I hear him , I want to decide some important issues that are on my mind concerning my throne and France .
And that distilled by magic sleights Shall raise such artificial sprites As by the strength of their illusion Shall draw him on to his confusion .	When I work it over with magic spells , the drop will produce magical spirits that will trick Macbeth with illusions .
Sir , I lack advancement .	Sir , I have no future ahead of me .
I do beseech you .	I ’ m begging you .
And will you rent our ancient love asunder To join with men in scorning your poor friend ?	Do you want to destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend ?
Did she see thee the while , old boy ?	Did she see you there the whole time , old boy ?
Tis neither here nor there .	No , it doesn ’ t mean anything .
As great to me as late .	Yes , just as great and just as recent .
Tis well , sir , that you hunted for yourself .	It ’ s good you hunted for yourself , sir .
Indeed , to speak feelingly of him , he is the card or calendar of gentry ; for you shall find in him the continent of what part a gen- tleman would see .	Indeed , to speak feelingly of him , he is the card or calendar of gentry , because you shall find in him the continent of what a gentleman is .
A good epithet !	That ’ s a good way of putting it .
With meditating that she must die once I have the patience to endure it now .	I think that , since she must die once , I have the patience to endure it now .
What ’ s your name , friend ?	What ’ s your name , friend ?
The noble Brutus Hath told you Caesar was ambitious .	The noble Brutus told you that Caesar was ambitious .
God keep your Worship !	God bless your Worship !
Some heavenly power guide us Out of this fearful country !	Some heavenly power guide us Out of this fearful country !
The sum of all I can , I have disclosed .	I ’ ve told you everything I know .
What a blunt fellow is this grown to be !	What a stupid man he ’ s become !
Tomorrow , Caesar , I shall be furnished to inform you rightly Both what by sea and land I can be able To front this present time .	Tomorrow , Caesar , I ’ ll be able to tell you what land and sea forces I can raise for this war .
Oh , ’ tis treason !	That ’ s treason !
Nay , but he prated And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your honor That , with the little godliness I have , I did full hard forbear him .	No , but he chattered on , And spoke such scurvy and provoking terms Against your honor , That , with the little godliness I have , I worked hard to tolerate him .
But fare you well .	But goodbye .
I think so , Charmian .	You ’ re right , Charmian .
What revels are in hand ?	What performances have been prepared ?
For they were parted With foul and violent tempest .	The two of them were separated during the storm .
I will go lose myself And wander up and down to view the city .	I will go lose myself , wandering up and down throughout the city .
Dost thou lie still ?	Do you lie still ?
Why no , no more than reason .	No , no more than is reasonable .
Know ’ st thou the way to Dover ?	Do you know the way to Dover ?
Help me , my women !	Help me , ladies !
They lack retention .	They eat too much and get indigestion and nausea .
Justice , find the girl !	Justice , find the girl !
Widow Dido !	Widow Dido !
Or any of your faction ?	Or any of you ?
Then ’ tis like the breath of an unfee ’ d lawyer .	In that case it ’ s like the words of an unpaid lawyer .
Angels and ministers of grace defend us !	Oh angels , protect us !
Let ’ s take leave of him .	Let ’ s say goodbye to him .
Caesar , all hail !	Hail , Caesar !
I know they are in Rome together Looking for Antony .	I know they ’ re in Rome together , hoping for Antony to return .
Take away the fool , gentlemen .	Take away this fool , gentlemen .
Well , I will be so much a sinner , to be a double-dealer .	Well , I ’ ll commit the sin of double-dealing , and deal you a second coin .
He that has a house to put ’ s head in has a good headpiece .	Anyone who has a house to cover his head has a good head on his shoulders .
It shall lose thee nothing .	You won ’ t lose any respect .
We have lost your son , I fear , forever .	Now I ’ m afraid we ’ ve lost your son forever .
Doubt thou the stars are fire ; Doubt that the sun doth move ; Doubt truth to be a liar ; But never doubt I love .	You may doubt you that the stars are fire , ” You may doubt that the sun does move , ” You may doubt truth to be a liar , ” But never doubt I love .
What , are you answered yet ?	Do you have your answer yet ?
Not dead ?	I ’ m not dead ?
It hath been taught us from the primal state That he which is was wished until he were , And the ebbed man , ne ’ er loved till ne ’ er worth love , Comes deared by being lacked .	It ’ s been this way ever since the first government was organized .
Get me some poison , Iago , this night .	Get me some poison , Iago ; this night .
The best in this kind are but shadows , and the worst are no worse if imagination amend them .	The best plays are still only illusions , and the worst are just as good , if you just use your imagination to fill them in .
So the poor third is up , till death enlarge his confine .	So the weak third of the triumvirate is imprisoned until death frees him .
There was blow for blow .	We answered them , blow for blow .
If any such there be , heaven pardon him !	If there is a man like that , heaven pardon him !
Sir , I am vexed .	Sir , I ’ m upset .
Who am I , sir ?	Who am I , sir ?
The iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve .	The clock has chimed midnight .
Yet must not we put the strong law on him .	Don ’ t waste any time .
As sweet as balm , as soft as air , as gentle — O Antony ! — Nay , I will take thee too .	The poison is as sweet as balm , as soft as air , as gentle — Oh , Antony ! — No , I ’ ll take you too .
Why then , to thee , thou silver treasure house .	So I guess it ’ s you , you silver treasure house .
We have met with foes That strike beside us .	We have met with foes That fight beside us .
I do suspect I have done some offense That seems disgracious in the city ’ s eye , And that you come to reprehend my ignorance .	I suspect that I have committed some offence to the city and you have come to reprimand me for not knowing better .
You shall have letters from me to my son In your behalf , to meet you on the way .	I ’ ll write to my stepson Richmond on your behalf , so that he ’ ll meet you on the way .
I never heard So musical a discord , such sweet thunder .	I never heard So musical a noise , such sweet thunder .
Get you therefore hence , Poor miserable wretches , to your death , The taste whereof God of His mercy give You patience to endure , and true repentance Of all your dear offences . — Bear them hence .	So go to your deaths , poor miserable wretches , the pain of which may merciful God give you the strength to endure .
Let me stay the growth of his beard , if thou delay me not the knowledge of his chin .	I ’ ll wait till his beard grows in , if you ’ ll just hurry up and tell me what chin that beard is on .
If it prove lawful prize , he ’ s made for ever .	If he can keep it , he ’ ll be set forever .
Call ' em .	Call them .
If you prove a mutineer , the next tree .	If you mutiny against me , I ’ ll hang you from the next tree .
too high to be enthrall 'd to low .	I am too good to be in love with someone so low !
Jove shield thee well for this !	Jove protect you well for this !
Speak , for my heart is full .	Speak , because my heart is full .
And even for that do I love you the more .	And even for that , I love you all the more .
What are you there ?	Who are you ?
To die , to sleep — No more — and by a sleep to say we end The heartache and the thousand natural shocks That flesh is heir to — ’ tis a consummation Devoutly to be wished !	Dying , sleeping — that ’ s all dying is — a sleep that ends all the heartache and shocks that life on earth gives us — that ’ s an achievement to wish for .
It is very hot .	It ’ s very hot .
The harlot 's cheek , beautied with plastering art , Is not more ugly to the thing that helps it Than is my deed to my most painted word .	The prostitute 's cheek , covered with makeup , Isn ’ t more ugly to the thing that helps it Than is my deed to my very artificial words .
This even-handed justice Commends the ingredients of our poison 'd chalice To our own lips .	This balanced justice Returns the ingredients of the gold cup we poisoned To our own lips .
But brother Anthony — Come , ’ tis no matter .	But brother Anthony — Don ’ t , it ’ s no big deal .
I love thee not , therefore pursue me not .	Look , I don ’ t love you , so stop following me around .
This way , my lord .	This way , my lord .
Where America , the Indies ?	Where ’ s America and the West Indies ?
Plucking the entrails of an offering forth , They could not find a heart within the beast .	They pulled out the guts of the sacrificed animal and couldn ’ t find its heart .
The dead man 's knell Is there scarce ask 'd for who , and good men 's lives Expire before the flowers in their caps , Dying or ere they sicken .	No one hardly asks who The dead man 's knell is for , and good men 's lives Expire before the flowers in their caps , Dying before the flowers show signs of sickness .
What is the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Why , I pray you ?	And why ’ s that ?
Wisdom !	How could it be wisdom !
I have heard Where many of the best respect in Rome , Except immortal Caesar , speaking of Brutus , And groaning underneath this age 's yoke , Have wish 'd that noble Brutus had his eyes .	I have heard that many of the best-respected men in Rome , — Except immortal Caesar ! — speak about Brutus , And groaning underneath the political burden of this age , Have wished that noble Brutus could see what they see .
You ’ d be king o ' th ' isle , sirrah ?	You wanted to be king of the island , sir ?
And what your Highness suffered under that shape , I beseech you take it for your own fault and not mine , for , had you been as I took you for , I made no offense .	Anything your Highness suffered in that disguise , I beg you to see it as your own fault and not mine , because if you ’ d been what I took you for , there would have been no offense .
Here it is , I think .	Here it is , I think .
Or does he walk ?	Or is he walking ?
It will be laid to us , whose providence Should have kept short , restrain 'd , and out of haunt This mad young man .	It will be our fault , who Should ’ ve kept this mad young man on a short leash , Restrained , and out of society .
Let me not stay a jot for dinner .	Don ’ t make me wait for dinner even a moment .
Here , stand behind this bulk , straight will he come .	Here , stand behind this wall ; he ’ ll come right away .
Oh , give us leave , great king , To view the field in safety and dispose Of their dead bodies .	Oh , give us permission , great king , to search the field in safety and dispose of our dead bodies .
How low am I , thou painted maypole ?	How low am I , you painted maypole ?
Ay , in the temple , in the town , the field You do me mischief .	Yes , you already hurt me in the church , in the town , and in the fields .
Believe what ?	Believe what ?
Thy loving father , Hamlet .	Your loving father , Hamlet .
She swoons to see them bleed .	She swoons to see them bleed .
What would my lord ?	What can I do for my lord ?
What touches us ourself shall be last served .	What concerns ourselves shall be the last thing considered .
My lord , good morrow .	My lord , good morning .
If ’ twere no other — ' Tis but so , I warrant .	If only that were all it is — It is , I promise .
Calls my lord ?	Calls my lord ?
Are they “ informed ” of this ?	Did you inform them of that ?
I will incontinently drown myself .	I will drown myself immediately .
The name of Cassius honors this corruption , And chastisement doth therefore hide his head .	The name of Cassius gives credit to these corrupt actions , and so they go unpunished .
Then let them use us well , else let them know , The ills we do , their ills instruct us so .	Then tell them to treat us well .
Shall I do that which all the Parthian darts , Though enemy , lost aim and could not ?	Can I do what all the Parthian arrows , though shot by enemies , could not ?
The crow doth sing as sweetly as the lark , When neither is attended ; and , I think , The nightingale , if she should sing by day , When every goose is cackling , would be thought No better a musician than the wren .	The crow sings as sweetly as the lark When either is waited on , and I think The nightingale , if she sang by day , When every goose is cackling , would be considered No better a musician than the wren .
Lay her i ' th ' earth , And from her fair and unpolluted flesh May violets spring !	Lay her in the ground , and let violets bloom from her lovely and pure flesh !
Let 's follow , Gertrude .	Let 's follow him , Gertrude , .
To have no screen between this part he played And him he played it for ; he needs will be Absolute Milan .	To have no separation between this part he played And the man he played it for , he had to become the Absolute Duke of Milan .
Here it is , I think .	Here it is , I think .
I am glad he ’ s come , howsoe 'er he comes .	I am glad he ’ s coming , however he ’ s dressed .
That ’ s good .	That ’ s good .
By no means , sir .	No , not at all , sir .
This you should pity rather than despise .	You should pity rather than despise this situation .
Foul whisperings are abroad .	Disgustingly filthy rumors are circulating .
ill luck , ill luck ?	Bad luck , bad luck ?
So will you wish on me when the rash mood is on .	That ’ s how you ’ ll talk about me when you ’ re in this mood .
Then if we lose this battle You are contented to be led in triumph Thorough the streets of Rome ?	Then if we lose this battle , you ’ ll be willing to be led in chains through the streets of Rome ?
I am .	I am .
The worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul .	It ’ s your turn now .
And then ?	And then ?
He is a very proper man .	He ’ s a very proper man .
How now , my lord ?	What , my lord !
If you ’ ll patch a quarrel , As matter whole you have to make it with , It must not be with this .	If you want to pick a fight , you ’ ll have to find a more substantial excuse .
The Duke does greet you , general , And he requires your haste-post-haste appearance , Even on the instant .	The duke greets you , general ; And he requires your super-speedy appearance This instant .
Arm you , I pray you , to this speedy voyage .	Prepare yourself , please , for this trip .
Swallows have built In Cleopatra ’ s sails their nests .	Swallows have built nests in Cleopatra ’ s sails .
They cannot budge till your release .	They can ’ t move till you release them .
Plantagenet .	Plantagenet .
Where ?	Where ?
Here let them lie Till famine and the ague eat them up .	They can sit out there until they die of hunger and disease .
Now fear I this will give it start again .	Well there , now you ’ ve said it .
Demetrius loves your fair .	You ’ re the beautiful one as far as Demetrius is concerned .
Which is he that killed the deer ?	Which one of you killed the deer ?
O , for two special reasons , Which may to you , perhaps , seem much unsinew 'd , But yet to me they are strong .	O , for two special reasons , Which may to you , perhaps , seem a bit cowardly , But yet to me they are strong .
But let her live .	But let her live .
These be the Christian husbands .	That ’ s what you get for marrying Christian husbands .
For England ?	For England !
Hide it in smiles and affability .	Instead , hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness .
I hold your dainties cheap , sir , and your welcome dear .	Your delicacies aren ’ t worth as much to me as your welcome is .
Could not a worm , an adder , do so much ?	Couldn ’ t a worm , a poisonous snake , do as much ?
We will , my noble lord .	We will , my noble lord .
Go we to him .	Let ’ s go to him .
Fine apparition !	Fine apparition !
Doth the moon shine that night we play our play ?	Does the moon shine that night we play our play ?
from whence ariseth this ?	What started this ?
At first And last the hearty welcome .	To the first And the last , a hearty welcome .
How now , my lord !	How are you , my lord !
He says for Brutus ' sake He finds himself beholding to us all .	He says that for Brutus ’ s sake he finds himself indebted to us all .
Go a little before .	Come , driver !
Heavens keep him from these beasts !	I hope those lions stay far away from him .
Say that I did all this for love of her .	But suppose I did all the things you named out of love for her .
Wrong not her birth .	Don ’ t wrong her birth .
I ’ ll leave thee Now like a man of steel .	I ’ ll leave you without revealing any emotion , like a man of steel .
Throw my heart Against the flint and hardness of my fault , Which , being dried with grief , will break to powder And finish all foul thoughts .	My heart , which dried out with grief , will surely break apart into a powder , and that will be the end of my disgusting mind .
He is not very tall — yet for his years he ’ s tall .	He ’ s not very tall , but he ’ s tall enough for his age .
This is the night That either makes me or fordoes me quite .	This is the night That either makes me or breaks me .
I had forgot the reward .	I forgot about the reward .
Now let it work .	Now , let it work .
The sorrow that I have by right is yours , And all the pleasures you usurp are mine .	The sorrow that I feel actually belongs to you , and the high life you enjoy actually belongs to me .
And when was he wont to wash his face ?	And when has he ever been known to wash his face ?
She is to enter now , and I am to spy her through the wall .	She is to enter now , and I am to spy her through the wall .
Our intent Was to be gone from Athens , where we might , Without the peril of the Athenian law .	Our intention Was to be gone from Athens , and to get to a place Where we might be together without the Punishment of the Athenian law .
There is a lord will hear you play tonight ; But I am doubtful of your modesties , Lest over-eyeing of his odd behavior — For yet his Honor never heard a play — You break into some merry passion And so offend him .	There is a particular lord who will watch you perform tonight .
To my sick soul , as sin 's true nature is , Each toy seems prologue to some great amiss .	To my sick soul , such as sin 's true nature is , Each new thing seems to be the prelude to some great harm .
Now she holds me not .	Hermia ’ s not holding onto me anymore .
Well , I will undertake it .	OK , I ’ ll do it .
I am th ' unhappy subject of these quarrels .	All these quarrels are about me .
What , Ariel !	What , Ariel !
Thou seest the world , Volumnius , how it goes .	You see how the world goes , Volumnius .
I know his trumpet .	I know his trumpet .
This is a practise As full of labor as a wise man ’ s art , For folly that he wisely shows is fit .	And he doesn ’ t let go of his target when a distraction appears .
O heavens , this is my true-begotten father !	Oh , heavens !
Did not her kitchen maid rail , taunt , and scorn me ?	And her cook yelled , mocked , and teased me , right ?
Dispatch .	Hurry up .
What do they in the north When they should serve their sovereign in the west ?	What are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king ?
And this report Hath so exasperated the king that he Prepares for some attempt of war .	Macbeth has heard this news and he is so angry that he ’ s preparing for war .
Your fortunes are alike .	Your fortunes are the same .
No , sure , I cannot think it , That he would steal away so guiltylike , Seeing you coming .	No , sure , I cannot believe That he would steal away so guiltily , Seeing you coming .
Refuse not , mighty lord , this proffered love .	Don ’ t refuse the love we offer you .
Then weigh what loss your honor may sustain If with too credent ear you list his songs , Or lose your heart , or your chaste treasure open To his unmastered importunity .	Then think about how shameful it would be for you to give in to his seductive talk and surrender your treasure chest to his greedy hands .
What a pied ninny ’ s this ! — Thou scurvy patch ! — I do beseech thy greatness , give him blows And take his bottle from him .	What an idiot this guy is ! — You ’ re a rotten piece of work ! — I beg your highness , beat him up and take his wine bottle from him .
No , his mouth is stopped .	No .
I pray you all , If you have hitherto conceal 'd this sight , Let it be tenable in your silence still ; And whatsoever else shall hap tonight , Give it an understanding , but no tongue .	I beg you all , If you have kept this sight secret so far , Keep your silence still , And whatever else shall happen tonight , Take it in , but don ’ t talk about it .
For this same lord , I do repent ; but heaven hath pleas 'd it so , To punish me with this , and this with me , That I must be their scourge and minister .	I am sorry , but heaven has decided it to be this way , To punish me with this act , and punish this act with me , That I must be their whip and whip-er .
You are a fool . — You , niece , provide yourself .	You are a fool . — You , niece , prepare to leave .
Nay , you were better speak first , and when you were graveled for lack of matter , you might take occasion to kiss .	No , it would be better to speak first and kiss only after you ’ ve run out of things to say .
Fulvia is dead .	Fulvia is dead .
I know that virtue to be in you , Brutus , As well as I do know your outward favor .	I know you ’ ve that virtue , Brutus , As well as I know your face .
Are not you moved , when all the sway of earth Shakes like a thing unfirm ?	Aren ’ t you moved , when the entire earth Is shaking uncontrollably ?
swear ?	swear ?
Let him be the devil , an he will , I care not .	Let him be the devil if he wants to , I don ’ t care .
And I do with an eye of love requite her .	And I see her also through the eyes of love .
What , are you hurt , lieutenant ?	What , are you hurt , lieutenant ?
I am indeed , sir , a surgeon to old shoes ; when they are in great danger , I recover them .	I ’ m indeed , sir , a surgeon to old shoes ; when they ’ re in great danger , I re-cover them .
The minute of their plot Is almost come . — Well done .	The moment they planned to act is almost here .
And so in me , and so , I think , in all .	And so do I. I think we all do .
Nay , come , I pray you , sir , give me the chain .	Listen , please , give me the necklace .
Fire and brimstone !	Damn it all !
With an eye of green in 't .	With a touch of green in it .
Rub him about the temples .	Rub his temples .
Wife , children , servants , all that could be found .	They killed your wife , your children , your servants , anyone they could find .
I owe you much , and , like a willful youth , That which I owe is lost .	I ’ m telling you this story for a reason .
Wake when some vile thing is near .	Wake up when something nasty is nearby .
Out , treacherous villain !	Wrong , evil traitor .
Why , then let ’ s home again .	All right then , back home we go .
Pray , give me that ; I 'll carry it to the pile .	Please give me that ; I 'll carry it to the pile .
Added to these , Of knights , esquires , and gallant gentlemen , Eight thousand and four hundred , of the which , Five hundred were but yesterday dubbed knights .	Add to these eight thousand four hundred knights , squires , and brave gentlemen , five hundred of whom were given the title of knight only yesterday .
By heaven , that should be my handkerchief !	My God , that ’ s my handkerchief !
Seal then , and all is done . — Eros ! — I come , my Queen . — Eros ! — Stay for me .	End it , then , and everything is over . — Eros ! — I ’ m coming , my Queen ! — Eros ! — Wait for me .
Dry up in her the organs of increase , And from her derogate body never spring A babe to honor her .	Make her sterile and dry up her womb so that no baby will ever come out of her body and honor her .
She is a royal princess .	She has royal blood .
Thy mother ’ s name is ominous to children .	Your mother ’ s name has become a threat to her own children .
Ay , husband .	Yes , husband .
Nerissa teaches me what to believe .	Nerissa ’ s got the right idea .
Aboard , aboard , for shame !	Shame on you — get on board !
The folly of this island .	What a crazy island this is .
Confess yourself freely to her ; importune her help to put you in your place again .	freely tell her the truth ; beg her help to put you in your place again .
I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves .	I want you to do some things for our wedding , and I also want to discuss something that concerns you both .
A quarrel , but nothing wherefore .	I remember a fight , but not why we were fighting .
They shall be married tomorrow , and I will bid the duke to the nuptial .	They ’ ll be married tomorrow , and I ’ ll invite the duke to the ceremony .
So do all thoughts .	So do all thoughts .
Why then , God 's soldier be he !	Why then , he was God 's soldier !
Who has done this , Sir Andrew ?	Who did this , Sir Andrew ?
Cried he ?	Did he cry ?
Hazard for lead ?	Risk everything for lead ?
Tis so .	I have .
You , Roderigo !	You , Roderigo !
It is proved my Lady Hero hath been falsely accused , the Prince and Claudio mightily abused , and Don John is the author of all , who is fled and gone .	It ’ s been proven that Lady Hero is innocent , that the Prince and Claudio have been utterly deceived , and that Don John — who has run away — is the source of all the trouble .
And thought they Margaret was Hero ?	And they thought Margaret was Hero ?
All ports I ’ ll bar .	I ’ ll forbid all ships from leaving our harbors .
What makes him here ?	What brings him here ?
If they have done this deed , my noble lord — If ?	If they have done this thing , my noble lord — If ?
A lioness hath whelpèd in the streets , And graves have yawned and yielded up their dead .	A lioness gave birth in the streets , and graves cracked open and thrust out their dead .
Nay , this was but his dream .	No , this was only his dream .
Yet you , the murderer , look as bright , as clear , As yonder Venus in her glimmering sphere .	You ’ ve pierced me through the heart with your cruelty , and yet you , the murderer , look as bright and clear as a star in the sky .
This night I ’ ll spend Unto a dismal and a fatal end .	I ’ ll spend tonight working to make something horrible happen .
Woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !	Pity the hand that shed this valuable blood .
And I have reason for it .	That ’ s true , and with good reason .
Use every man after his desert , and who shall ' scape whipping ?	Use every man according to his class , and who should escape whipping ?
Dispute it like a man .	Fight it like a man .
O hell-kite !	O hell-kite !
I have great comfort from this fellow .	I get great comfort from this fellow .
The next Caesarion smite , Till by degrees the memory of my womb , Together with my brave Egyptians all , By the discandying of this pelleted storm Lie graveless till the flies and gnats of Nile Have buried them for prey !	The next hailstone should hit Caesarion , until one by one all my children , and every one of my brave Egyptians , are killed by the dissolving of this pellet storm and lie unburied , covered by gnats and flies .
I pray you , bring me on the way a little ; And say if I shall see you soon at night .	I beg you , walk with me on the way a little ; And say if I shall see you later tonight .
I hope we have reformed that indifferently with us , sir .	I hope we have calmly overcome those problems , sir .
Let go my hand .	Let go of my hand .
Alas , what danger will it be to us , Maids as we are , to travel forth so far ?	But what danger we ’ ll put ourselves in , two young , innocent women traveling so far !
What , household stuff ?	What , like stuff from a house ?
Count Claudio ?	Claudio ?
Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor .	Here comes Brabantio and the valiant Moor .
No , madam .	No , madam .
No , indeed , my lord .	No , my lord .
Yes , by heaven !	Yes , by heaven !
I am not mad .	I ’ m not possessed !
I fear 'd he did but trifle And meant to wrack thee ; but beshrew my jealousy !	I was afraid he was only trifling with you And meant to wreck you , but curse my jealousy !
Dead , dead ?	Dead , dead ?
O ill-dispersing wind of misery !	O , this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery .
Will you sup there ?	Will you be having dinner with her tonight ?
What cares these roarers for the name of the king ?	What do these noisy storms care about the name of king ?
For us , you know Whose he is we are , and that is Caesar ’ s .	As for us , you know we are Antony ’ s , and he is Caesar ’ s .
My father is not dead , for all your saying .	My father is not dead , is all you ’ re saying .
They shouted thrice .	They shouted three times .
I should have been a sore one then .	I would ’ ve been a sore king then .
I do not know , my lord , what I should think .	My lord , I don ’ t know what I should think .
Faith , here ’ s an English tailor come hither for stealing out of a French hose .	Maybe it ’ s an English tailor who liked to skimp on the fabric for people ’ s clothes .
No , by heaven .	No , by heaven .
Yet I love thee too .	And yet I do love you .
My words fly up , my thoughts remain below .	My words go up , my thoughts stay here below .
Why , how now ?	Why do you sound so odd ?
No , alas , I found it , And I did give 't my husband .	No , alas , I found it , And I gave it to my husband .
how then ?	How then ?
I know into what straits of fortune she is driven , and it is not impossible to me , if it appear not inconvenient to you , to set her before your eyes tomorrow , human as she is , and without any danger .	I know where she is and , if you don ’ t mind , I will set her before you tomorrow , whole and unharmed .
Do not weep , do not weep .	Don ’ t weep , don ’ t weep .
Gods and goddesses , All the whole synod of them !	The Egyptian flagship , the Gods and goddesses — the whole congregation of them !
O , he lights too .	O , he dismounts too .
He is as full of valor as of kindness , Princely in both .	He is as full of courage as of kindness , princely in both .
Charmian !	Charmian !
But fare you well , I have some business .	But goodbye ; I have some business to see to .
For Falstaff , he is dead , and we must earn therefore .	No , because my manly heart is grieving .
I mean , in a sort .	I mean , in a way .
Then must thou needs find out new heaven , new earth .	Then you would have to go beyond heaven , beyond earth .
When he is best he is a little worse than a man , and when he is worst he is little better than a beast .	At his best he ’ s a little less than a man , and at his worst he ’ s little more than an animal .
Thus hath the course of justice whirled about And left thee but a very prey to time , Having no more but thought of what thou wast To torture thee the more , being what thou art .	Now you have only the memory of what you were , which tortures you when you consider what you ’ ve become .
Marry , do I , sir , and I came to acquaint you with a matter .	Indeed I do , sir , and I ’ ve come to let you in on a certain problem .
But , sir , such answer as I can make , you shall command ; or rather , as you say , my mother .	but , sir , such answer as I can make , you shall command , or rather , as you say , my mother shall command .
I prithee , shepherd , if that love or gold Can in this desert place buy entertainment , Bring us where we may rest ourselves and feed .	Please sir , if love or money can buy anything in this empty place , tell us where we can rest and feed ourselves .
No ?	No ?
Sir , sir , sir —	Sir , sir , sir —
Not to kill him , having a warrant , but to be damned for killing him , from the which no warrant can defend me .	Not of killing him , because I have a warrant for it , but of being damned for killing him , which no warrant can protect me from .
So shines a good deed in a naughty world .	That ’ s the way a good deed shines in a naughty world .
Mad call I it , for , to define true madness , What is ’ t but to be nothing else but mad ?	Crazy ” I ’ m calling it , since how can you say what craziness is except to say that it ’ s craziness ?
And here ’ s another , Writ in my cousin ’ s hand , stol 'n from her pocket , Containing her affection unto Benedick .	And here ’ s another poem , which I stole from my cousin ’ s pocket — in her handwriting and all about her adoration for Benedick .
But I confess , sir , that we were locked out .	But I agree , sir , that we were locked out .
Carthage ?	Carthage ?
Give me some wine , fill full .	Give me some wine , fill my cup full .
You do me wrong to take me out o ' th ' grave .	You do me wrong by taking me out of the grave .
Maud , Bridget , Marian , Ciceley , Gillian , Ginn !	Maud , Bridget , Marian , Ciceley , Gillian , Ginn !
Strike , I say !	Play , I say !
What says Lord Stanley ?	What does Lord Stanley say ?
Look , here comes a walking fire .	Look , here comes a walking fire .
Is he come home yet ?	Has he come home yet ?
What , is he angry ?	Is he angry ?
Then up he rose and donn 'd his clo 'es And dupp 'd the chamber door , Let in the maid , that out a maid Never departed more .	Then up he rose and put on his clothes , And opened the chamber door , Let in the maid that rejected a maid and Never left again .
Fear him not , Caesar ; he 's not dangerous ; He is a noble Roman and well given .	Don ’ t be afraid of him , Caesar ; he 's not dangerous ; He ’ s a noble Roman and has a good disposition .
Good .	Good .
Nay , that he did not .	No , he did not .
Why , so he doth , when he delivers you From this earth ’ s thralldom to the joys of heaven .	Well , that ’ s what he ’ s doing — making you free to enjoy heaven .
Out , tawny Tartar , out !	Get out , you dark-skinned gypsy !
But why should honor outlive honesty ?	But why should my reputation for honor last longer than my honor did ?
I sent for thee upon a sad occasion .	I sent for you about a sad occasion .
Let him go , Gertrude .	Let him go , Gertrude .
Hang him , foul collier !	Damn that dirty black coalminer of a devil !
And my help .	And I ’ ll help you .
Where ’ s Antonio , then ?	Where ’ s Antonio , then ?
But , for your private satisfaction , Because I love you , I will let you know .	But , for your private satisfaction , Because I love you , I ’ ll let you know .
Give thy thoughts no tongue , Nor any unproportion 'd thought his act .	Give your thoughts to yourself , And don ’ t act without thinking .
I ’ ll tell thee , Charles : it is the stubbornest young fellow of France , full of ambition , an envious emulator of every man ’ s good parts , a secret and villainous contriver against me his natural brother .	I tell you , Charles , he ’ s the stubbornest young fellow in France : overly ambitious , jealous of other people ’ s good qualities , and a traitor against me , his own blood brother .
But what will you be called ?	Instead of Celia , call me Aliena .
My worthy lord , Your noble friends do lack you .	My worthy lord , Your noble friends are missing you .
For my part , I care not .	For my part , I really don ’ t care .
Iago beckons me ; now he begins the story .	Iago beckons me ; now he begins the story .
If thou beest Trinculo , come forth .	If you are Trinculo , come out .
Words , words , words .	Words , words , words .
When Caesar says , “ do this , ” it is performed .	When Caesar says “ do this , ” it is done .
No , I am promised forth .	No , I ’ ve got another engagement .
Alas , why gnaw you so your nether lip ?	Why are you chewing on your lower lip like that ?
Truly , a peck of provender .	Actually , I ’ d like a few pounds of grass .
O wicked wall , through whom I see no bliss , Curs 'd he thy stones for thus deceiving me !	Oh wicked wall , through whom I see no bliss , Cursed be your stones for deceiving me like this !
I am glad to see you .	I ’ m glad to see you .
Honest , my lord ?	Good , sir ?
You , constable , are to present the Prince ’ s own person .	You , constable , are representing the Prince himself .
Hath she forsook so many noble matches , Her father and her country and her friends , To be call 'd whore ?	She has abandoned so many noble matches , Her father , and her country , and her friends , To be called whore ?
The glove which I have given him for a favor May haply purchase him a box o ' th ' ear .	The glove which I have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear .
Quick , quick ; fear nothing ; I 'll be at thy elbow .	Quickly , quickly ; fear nothing ; I 'll be at your elbow .
Therefore thou sleep ’ st so sound .	That ’ s why you sleep so soundly .
He is the brooch indeed And gem of all the nation .	He is the jewel , indeed , And gem of the whole nation .
First go with me to church , and call me wife , And then away to Venice to your friend ; For never shall you lie by Portia 's side With an unquiet soul .	First go with me to church and marry me , And then go away to Venice to your friend ; Because you shall never lie by Portia 's side With an uneasy soul .
Would thou and those thy scars had once prevailed To make me fight at land !	I wish you and your scarred self had convinced me to wage our last battle on land .
Give me your present to one Master Bassanio , who indeed gives rare new liveries .	Give me your present to give to Master Bassanio .
Orsino .	Orsino .
Or I have no observance .	If not , then I have no powers of observation .
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind .	When we ’ re in love , we don ’ t see with our eyes but with our minds .
I had rather be a dog , and bay the moon , Than such a Roman .	I had rather be a dog , and howl the moon , Than be such a Roman .
I 'faith , sweet love , I was coming to your house .	Actually , sweet love , I was just coming to your house .
Then heaven Have mercy on me !	Then heaven have mercy on me .
Is thy union here ?	Is your marriage here ?
For , by this light of heaven , I know not how I lost him .	I swear I have no idea why he stopped loving me .
That ’ s as much as to say , the sweet youth ’ s in love .	That ’ s as good as proof that the sweet young man ’ s in love .
And there the snake throws her enameled skin , Weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in .	Snakes shed their skin there , and the shed skin is wide enough to wrap a fairy in .
Drunk !	Drunk !
I am hers .	I am hers : Only , Oh !
O Lord , I must laugh .	Oh , Lord , this makes me laugh !
Have you a soul or sense ?	Don ’ t you have any sense at all ?
Would that alone o ' love he would detain , So he would keep fair quarter with his bed .	I would gladly do without that if he would only stay faithful to me .
pointing to Caliban &ket; This is a strange thing as e 'er I &bra; pointing to Caliban &ket; This is a strange thing as e 'er I look 'd on .	This is as strange a thing as I have ever looked on .
What , ho !	What , ho !
Let 's meet him and receive him .	Let 's meet him and greet him .
To be now a sensible man , by and by a fool , and presently a beast !	Now I ’ m a sensible man , soon a fool , and now a beast !
If I can recover him and keep him tame , I will not take too much for him .	If I can tame him , I ’ ll charge as much as I can get for him .
Pray you now , forget and forgive .	Please forgive and forget .
Brutus speaks .	Brutus speaks .
Who comes here ?	Who is this ?
After your death you were better have a bad epitaph than their ill report while you live .	After you die , it would be better to have a bad epitaph then than their ill report while you live now .
I crave the law , The penalty and forfeit of my bond .	I want the law , The penalty , and penalty of my promise to pay .
give him a halter : I am famished in his service ; you may tell every finger I have with my ribs .	I am starving in his service ; you can count my ribs with your fingers .
I may command where I adore . ” Why , she may command me .	I may command the one I love . ” Well , she commands me .
And where ’ s Cordelia ? — Seest thou this object , Kent ?	And where ’ s Cordelia ? — Do you see this , Kent ?
Peace there !	Quiet there !
I have no hope That he ’ s undrowned .	Yes , I ’ m sure he ’ s dead .
Do not you chide .	Don ’ t snap at me .
There will we dine .	We ’ ll eat at her place .
And in good time here the lieutenant comes . — Master Lieutenant , pray you , by your leave , How doth the prince and my young son of York ?	And here comes the warden , just in time .
If you could hurt , Your swords are now too massy for your strengths And will not be uplifted .	If you could hurt us , Your swords are now too heavy for your strengths , And won ’ t be lifted up .
When went there by an age since the great flood But it was famed with more than with one man ?	Has there ever been any age since Noah and the flood That was not famous because of more than one man ?
Thou still hast been the father of good news .	You have always been the father of good news .
How many cowards whose hearts are all as false As stairs of sand wear yet upon their chins The beards of Hercules and frowning Mars , Who , inward searched , have livers white as milk , And these assume but valor ’ s excrement To render them redoubted .	How many people are cowards at heart but wear beards like Hercules or Mars , the god of war ?
Madam !	Madam !
The reason that I gather he is mad , Besides this present instance of his rage , Is a mad tale he told today at dinner Of his own doors being shut against his entrance .	The reason I think he ’ s insane , besides the way he just acted , is that he told a senseless story over lunch about being locked out of his own house .
You have been hotly called for .	They ’ re very anxious for you to get there .
The rabble call him lord ; And , as the world were now but to begin , Antiquity forgot , custom not known — The ratifiers and props of every word — They cry ' Choose we !	The crowd calls him lord , And , as the world were just beginning now , Old history forgotten , customs not known , They certify and prop up every word , They cry “ We choose !
I peseech you heartily , scurvy , lousy knave , at my desires , and my requests , and my petitions , to eat , look you , this leek .	I wonder if you ’ d be so good , you lousy , rotten villain , to grant my wish and my request and gratify me , see , by eating this leek .
Is my lord well , that he doth speak so wide ?	Is that why you ’ re talking so wildly ?
I have o 'ershot myself to tell you of it .	I went beyond what I was going to say to tell you about it .
Why thou , loss upon loss !	Loss upon loss !
Fare thee well , nymph .	Goodbye , nymph .
Peace . — Who comes here ?	Hang on a minute — who are you ?
My lord , my lord !	I have sworn it .
That I was disdainful and that I had my good wit out of The Hundred Merry Tales !	Who said that I was disdainful , and that I got all my best lines out of a bad joke book ? !
O Banquo , Banquo !	O Banquo , Banquo !
Of him , sir .	Of him , sir .
Nor stony tower , nor walls of beaten brass , Nor airless dungeon , nor strong links of iron Can be retentive to the strength of spirit .	No stony tower , no brass walls , no airless dungeon , no iron chains can contain a strong mind .
They stared , and were distracted .	They stared at us in confusion .
Why , this is a more exquisite song than the other .	God , that song ’ s even better than the other one .
Shall I entreat a word ?	May I have a word with you ?
I lack iniquity Sometimes to do me service .	I don ’ t have evil in me Sometimes to do me service .
Oh , farewell !	Goodbye !
The very best at a beast , my lord , that e 'er I saw .	The very best at a beast , my lord , that ever I saw .
O , cleave , my sides !	Oh , chest , obey me !
Is not this something more than fantasy ?	Is this not more than our imaginations ?
But , alas the while !	But , pity the time !
What country , friends , is this ?	What country is this , friends ?
I pray you tell me .	Tell me .
Nor did you nothing hear ?	You hear nothing ?
Refrain to-night , And that shall lend a kind of easiness To the next abstinence ; the next more easy ; For use almost can change the stamp of nature , And &bra; either master &ket; the devil , or throw him out With wondrous potency .	The next more easy , For use can almost change what is natural , And can either curb the devil or throw him out With wondrous effectiveness .
They shall be apprehended by and by .	How smooth and cool they seem !
I leave my duty a little unthought of and speak out of my injury .	I ’ m going to forget my duties to you a little bit and complain about the injuries you ’ ve caused me .
Therefore I say with noble Buckingham That it is meet so few should fetch the prince .	So , I agree with noble Buckingham — only a few should go to meet the prince .
You were to blame , I must be plain with you , To part so slightly with your wife ’ s first gift , A thing stuck on with oaths upon your finger And so riveted with faith unto your flesh .	You were wrong to give away your wife ’ s first gift so thoughtlessly , a thing you swore to keep on your finger and bound faithfully to your body .
If you would take the pains but to examine the wars of Pompey the Great , you shall find , I warrant you , that there is no tiddle toddle nor pibble babble in Pompey ’ s camp .	If you would take the trouble to study the tactics of Pompey the Great , I can tell you that you would find no tittle-tattle or pibble-pabble in Pompey ’ s camp .
Wheresoever you had it , I 'll take out no work on 't .	Wherever you had it , I won ’ t take out any embroidery .
Well run , Thisbe .	Well run , Thisbe .
Now , gods , stand up for bastards !	Look out , I ’ m on my way up .
But let your fair eyes and gentle wishes go with me to my trial , wherein , if I be foiled , there is but one shamed that was never gracious ; if killed , but one dead that was willing to be so .	If I ’ m killed , it will only be the death of a man who was willing to be dead .
Alack , for mercy !	Ah , how pitiful !
Please it your grace , on to the state affairs .	Duke , please go ahead with your state business .
Tis with cares .	Oh , that ’ s with worry .
Those that were your father ’ s enemies Have steeped their galls in honey , and do serve you With hearts create of duty and of zeal .	Those who were bitter enemies of your father in his time have turned their bitterness to sweetness , serving you loyally and wholeheartedly .
Nor nothing in your letters writ of her ?	And you haven ’ t heard any news about her in your letters ?
It is not possible .	It ’ s not possible .
Behold and see .	Look and see .
No , sir , the worse .	No , sir , worse off .
Fie upon 't !	Shame on it !
Ho , ho , ho !	Ha , ha , ha !
Some good man bear him carefully from hence .	Get somebody strong to carry him out of here .
His affections do not that way tend ; Nor what he spake , though it lack 'd form a little , Was not like madness .	his affections don ’ t go that way , And what he said , though it was a little unorganized , Wasn ’ t like craziness .
The duke is humorous .	The duke is temperamental .
The gods forbid !	The gods forbid !
And thereof came it that the man was mad .	And that ’ s why he went crazy .
Signior Brabantio , ho !	Signior Brabantio , ho !
Cassio , may you suspect Who they should be that have thus mangled you ?	Cassio , do you know who might have stabbed you like this ?
And I for no woman .	And like I am for no woman .
The Queen , your mother , in most great affliction of spirit hath sent me to you .	The queen , your mother , in most great affliction of spirit , has sent me to you .
Is it come to this ?	Has it come to this ?
I long To hear the story of your life , which must Take the ear strangely .	I ’ m dying to hear your life story , which must be a strange tale .
What , of Venice ?	What , of Venice ?
Here ’ s sport indeed !	Such exercise !
But , sir , such wanton , wild , and usual slips	Like gambling , sir ?
Saint Davy ’ s day is past .	Saint Davy ’ s Day has passed .
Madam , he ’ s well .	Madam , he ’ s well .
The king is coming .	The king is coming .
If thou more murmur ’ st , I will rend an oak And peg thee in his knotty entrails till Thou hast howled away twelve winters .	If you complain any more , I ’ ll split an oak tree and lock you up in it till you ’ ve howled for twelve years .
So do I ever For had I cursed now , I had cursed myself .	I always pray for them
No doubt , my lord .	No doubt , my lord .
Though Birnam Wood be come to Dunsinane , And thou opposed , being of no woman born , Yet I will try the last .	Even though Birnam Wood really did come to Dunsinane , and I ’ m fighting a man not of woman born , I ’ ll fight to the end .
Now I will believe That there are unicorns , that in Arabia There is one tree , the phoenix ' throne , one phoenix At this hour reigning there .	Now I ’ ll believe that unicorns exist , and that there ’ s a tree in Arabia where the phoenix lives .
You know that I held Epicurus strong , And his opinion .	You know that I strongly held Epicurus , And his opinion .
Our royal master 's murdered .	Our royal master 's murdered !
But first I ’ ll turn yon fellow in his grave And then return lamenting to my love .	But first , I ’ ll dump this fellow in his grave , then return to my love weeping with grief .
It well appears .	What quality is that , my lord ?
Shall we do that ?	Should we do that ?
waking &ket; Why , how now ?	Why are your swords drawn ?
Arise , you shall not kneel .	You need not kneel to me .
I am one , my liege , Whom the vile blows and buffets of the world Have so incensed that I am reckless what I do to spite the world .	Now , if you occupy some place in the list of men that isn ’ t down at the very bottom , tell me .
I think it be , sir .	I think it is , sir .
Sebastian are you ?	Are you Sebastian ?
Even he , sir .	That ’ s the one , sir .
I almost die for food , and let me have it .	I ’ m dying for food , so let me have some .
Tis well you offer it behind her back ; The wish would make else an unquiet house .	It ’ s well you offer it behind her back ; The wish would other make a noisy house .
Poor Antony !	Poor Antony !
If our father would sleep till I waked him , you should enjoy half his revenue forever , and live the beloved of your brother , Edgar . ” Hum , conspiracy ?	If our father were dead you ’ d receive half of his revenue forever , and you ’ d have my undying love , Edgar . ” Hmm , what ’ s this , a conspiracy ?
Is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble ?	Is it your dear friend that is in trouble like this ?
Oh , behold , The riches of the ship is come on shore !	Look , the precious Desdemona has arrived on shore .
What Conrade !	Be Conrade !
Patience , I say .	Be patient , I ’ m telling you .
Affection !	Affection ! ” That ’ s nothing !
Last night she slept not , nor tonight she shall not .	Last night she got no sleep , and she won ’ t get any tonight .
What , did he marry me to famish me ?	Did he marry me just to starve me ?
Will they not say afterwards , if they should grow themselves to common players — as it is most like , if their means are no better — their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession ?	Won ’ t they say later , if they should go on to become common players , which is likely , and their lives are no better , that their writers did them wrong to make them exclaim against their own success ?
The wind sits in the shoulder of your sail And you are stayed for .	The wind is filling your ship ’ s sail , and they ’ re waiting for you .
Ay , truly ; for the power of beauty will sooner transform honesty from what it is to a bawd than the force of honesty can translate beauty into his likeness .	Yes , truly , for the power of beauty will transform sincerity from what it is to a pimp faster than the force of sincerity can translate beauty into his image .
It were well The general were put in mind of it .	The general should be informed about this .
I am not well .	I ’ m not well .
Of a strange nature is the suit you follow , Yet in such rule that the Venetian law Cannot impugn you as you do proceed . — Ay , so he says .	Your case is most unusual , though the Venetian law can ’ t stop you from proceeding . — Yes , so he says .
Else the Puck a liar call .	If not , then I ’ m a liar .
Shut up your doors , my lord .	Lock the doors , my lord .
Why do they run away ?	Why do they run away ?
Look , where he comes .	Look , here he comes .
Bernardo ?	Bernardo ?
Yes , faith , and all his lords , the Duke of Milan And his brave son being twain .	Yes , believe me , and all his lords , the Duke of Milan , And his brave son being two of those lost .
His very opinion in the letter !	That ’ s just what he said in the letter .
If the matter of this paper be certain , you have mighty business in hand .	If this letter ’ s right , you ’ ve got a lot to deal with .
And have you mercy too !	And you have mercy too !
Your loss is as yourself , great , and you bear it As answering to the weight .	You are a remarkable person and your loss is equally remarkable .
A customer !	A customer !
Twill bring you gain or perish on the seas .	I ’ ve made a risky investment .
Was not that nobly done ?	Wasn ’ t that nobly done ?
And therefore is Love said to be a child , Because in choice he is so oft beguiled .	That ’ s why they say love is a child .
This night methinks is but the daylight sick .	I think this night is just like sick daylight .
Well have you heard , but something hard of hearing .	Is that what you ’ ve heard ?
Love ?	Love ?
So she may live unscarred of bleeding slaughter , I will confess she was not Edward ’ s daughter .	So that she may live , I ’ ll say I cheated on Edward and that she is not really his child .
To show an unfelt sorrow is an office Which the false man does easy .	It ’ s easy for a liar to pretend to feel sorrow when he actually feels none .
Is he well shipp 'd ?	Does he have a good ship ?
Well , go thy way .	Well , go along now .
They are louder than the weather or our office .	They ’ re louder than the storm or us sailors .
We have been up and down to seek him .	We have been up and down looking for him .
Nay , an you be so tardy , come no more in my sight .	No , if you ’ re ever late like this again , I ’ ll refuse to see you .
What noise ?	What noise ?
Content with Hermia !	Content with Hermia ?
When I had at my pleasure taunted her , And she in mild terms begg 'd my patience , I then did ask of her her changeling child ; Which straight she gave me , and her fairy sent To bear him to my bower in fairy land .	When , at my pleasure , I had teased her , And she , calmly , begged my patience , I asked her for the Indian child , Which she gave me Right away , and sent her fairy To carry him to my private place in fairy-land .
I had rather be a toad And live upon the vapor of a dungeon Than keep a corner in the thing I love For others ' uses .	I ’ d rather be a toad in a moldy basement than to have only a part of someone I love , sharing the rest of her with others .
Hail , mortal .	Hello , mortal !
Deny me this , And an eternal curse fall on you !	If you refuse , let an eternal curse fall on you .
Now let me see if I can conster it .	Now let me see if I can translate it .
Laugh to scorn The power of man , for none of woman born Shall harm Macbeth .	Laugh at the power of other men , because nobody born from a woman will ever harm Macbeth .
Live , live !	Live , live !
If I myself , there is no hour so fit As Caesar ’ s death ’ s hour , nor no instrument Of half that worth as those your swords , made rich With the most noble blood of all this world .	If it ’ s me , there ’ s no time as good as this hour of Caesar ’ s death , and no weapon better than your swords , covered with the noblest blood in the world .
I cannot live out of her company .	I cannot live without her .
Seafaring men , sir .	Sailors , sir .
thieves !	Thieves !
Ambassadors from Harry King of England Do crave admittance to your Majesty .	Ambassadors of Harry , king of England , request a hearing with your Majesty .
And here my mistress .	And here ’ s my mistress , Titania .
Now , what news on the Rialto ?	So , what ’ s the news on the Rialto ?
to Alonso &ket; Sir , — &bra; to Alonso &ket; Sir , — &bra; to Antonio &ket; One : tell .	Sir , — One : speak .
O treachery !	Oh , this is treachery !
That with this little arm and this good sword I have made my way through more impediments Than twenty times your stop .	I ’ ve fought my way through obstacles twenty times more terrifying than you with this weapon .
Nor I.	Me too .
Though others have the arm , show us the sleeve ; We in your motion turn , and you may move us .	We follow in your orbit , and you have the power to move us .
I speak too loud . — Where ’ s Malvolio ?	Oh , I ’ m talking too loud . — Where ’ s Malvolio ?
But when we in our viciousness grow hard — Oh , misery on ’ t ! — the wise gods seel our eyes , In our own filth drop our clear judgments , make us Adore our errors , laugh at ’ s while we strut To our confusion .	But when our vices become habits — Oh , the sadness of it ! — the wise gods blind us , shade our better judgment , make us love our mistakes , and laugh as we strut to our ruin .
Of Launcelot , an 't please your mastership .	Of Launcelot , if it pleases you , sir .
This was well done , my bird .	Well done , my bird .
I am not such an ass , but I can keep my hand dry .	I ’ m not such an idiot that I can ’ t keep my hands dry .
Thieves !	Thieves !
Well , say , sir .	Just say it .
This wedding day Perhaps is but prolonged .	Hopefully , your wedding day is only postponed .
O Desdemona !	O Desdemona !
A bitter fool .	You ’ re a bitter fool .
Witless else her son .	Too bad about the son !
Well , look unto it .	Get information from her .
Here ’ s our own hands against our hearts .	Our handwriting gives away our hearts .
Impudent strumpet !	You brazen whore !
Never so weary , never so in woe , Bedabbled with the dew , and torn with briers , I can no further crawl , no further go ; My legs can keep no pace with my desires .	I have never been so weary , never so sad , Wet from the dew , and torn with briers ; I can ’ t crawl any further .
No , my lord ; rather with choler .	No , my lord , rather with anger .
You are not , Cassius .	You are not , Cassius .
Welcome , good friends .	Welcome , good friends .
There 's ne 'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark But he 's an arrant knave .	There 's never a villain dwelling in all Denmark Except that he 's an arrant knave .
A fish : he smells like a fish ; a very ancient and fish-like smell ; a kind of not- of-the-newest Poor-John .	A fish : he smells like a fish : a very old and fish-like smell ; a kind that ’ s not like the freshest small fish .
Who is here so base that would be a bondman ?	Who is here so low thatthey would rather be a slave ?
Is it possible dat I sould love de enemy of France ?	Is it possible dat I sould love de enemy of France ?
Do grace to Caesar 's corse , and grace his speech Tending to Caesar 's glories , which Mark Antony , By our permission , is allow 'd to make .	Respect Caesar 's corpse , and respect his speech About Caesar 's glory , which Mark Antony Is allowed to make with our permission .
Know thus far north .	Know this much .
Here lie I down and measure out my grave .	I ’ ll lie down here and measure out my grave .
Nor I. I would not there reside To put my father in impatient thoughts By being in his eye .	Nor I. I would not live there , To put my father into violent thoughts , By being always in his sight .
Ancient , what makes he here ?	Ensign , what ’ s he doing in there ?
I tell him we shall stay here at the least a month , and he heartily prays some occasion may detain us longer .	I told him we ’ ll stay for at least a month , and he says that he hopes we ’ ll stay longer .
The world esteemed thy father honorable , But I did find him still mine enemy .	The whole world thought your father was an honorable man , but he was always my enemy .
Send Thy token of reprieve .	Send something along to prove you ’ re withdrawing the orders .
What say you sir ?	What do you want to say , sir ?
Till that , I ’ ll view the manners of the town , Peruse the traders , gaze upon the buildings , And then return and sleep within mine inn , For with long travel I am stiff and weary .	Until then , I ’ ll walk around town , peruse the markets , and gaze upon the buildings , and then I ’ ll return and sleep at the inn .
I 'll charm the air to give a sound , While you perform your antic round , That this great King may kindly say Our duties did his welcome pay .	I 'll charm the air to give a sound , While you perform your antic round ; That this great king may kindly say , Our duties did his welcome pay .
Know , sir , that I am called Hortensio .	My name is Hortensio , sir .
You are early stirring .	You ’ re up early .
I 'll do 't .	I ’ ll do it .
Hark you , Guildenstern , and you too — at each ear a hearer !	Listen , Guildenstern , and you too , with each ear .
A very honest-hearted fellow , and as poor as the king .	An honest guy who ’ s as poor as the king .
The sleeping and the dead Are but as pictures .	Only children are afraid of scary pictures .
Good news , good news !	Good news , good news !
Your lips will feel them the sooner .	Then your lips will feel them more quickly .
Sir , would she give you so much of her lips As of her tongue she oft bestows on me , You 'ld have enough .	Sir , I wish she would give you as much of her lips As she often gives me of her tongu . , You 'd have enough .
I have limed her , but it is Jove ’ s doing , and Jove make me thankful !	I ’ ve got her now , but I ’ ve got God to thank for it !
Grumio , my horse .	Grumio , get me my horse .
I will , my liege .	I will , my liege .
His passport shall be made , And crowns for convoy put into his purse .	He will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home .
What , you look merrily .	What , you look amused .
We must die , Messala .	We must die , Messala .
Hear Antony , most noble Antony !	hear Antony ; most noble Antony !
No , not for Venice .	No , not for Venice .
How say you by this change ?	What do you think about this change ?
My lord , your promise for the earldom — Richmond !	My lord , your promise of the earldom — Richmond !
More of this hereafter .	We ’ ll talk about this later .
His indignation derives itself out of a very competent injury .	He ’ s furious because you insulted him , and he has a right to satisfaction .
He hath fought today As if a god , in hate of mankind , had Destroyed in such a shape .	Today he fought as though he were a god who hated mankind .
I will tell you everything , right as it fell out .	I ’ ll tell you everything exactly as it happened .
Here ’ s another More potent than the first .	Here ’ s another , stronger than the first .
I think withal There would be hands uplifted in my right ; And here from gracious England have I offer Of goodly thousands .	I also think that There would be hands uplifted in my defense , And here , from gracious England , I have the offer Of goodly thousands .
Stop that , ’ twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney .	If you stop up the keyhole , it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke .
I will anon ; first , let us go to dinner .	I ’ ll ask later ; first let ’ s go in to dinner .
You speak like a green girl , Unsifted in such perilous circumstance .	You speak like a green girl , Ignorant in such dangerous circumstances .
That same cowardly , giantlike ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house .	Those cowardly , gigantic sides of beef have been responsible for many of your family members getting eaten as a condiment on beef .
Brought you Caesar home ?	Did you bring Caesar home ?
And what have kings that privates have not too , Save ceremony , save general ceremony ?	What do kings have that private men do not , besides the pomp of their position ?
I never knew A Florentine more kind and honest .	I never knew A Florentine more kind and honest .
You will never run mad , niece .	You will never fall victim to Benedick ’ s charms , my niece .
O , ' tis the spite of hell , the fiend 's archmock , To lip a wanton in a secure couch , And to suppose her chaste !	O , it is the spite of hell , the fiend 's high mockery , To kiss a whore on a safe couch , And to suppose her to be chaste !
We are the makers of manners , Kate , and the liberty that follows our places stops the mouth of all find- faults , as I will do yours for upholding the nice fashion of your country in denying me a kiss .	You and I , Kate , we are the makers of custom , and the freedom that goes with our position silences all who would criticize , as I will silence you for upholding the prudish custom of your country in refusing me a kiss .
Thus credulous fools are caught : And many worthy and chaste dames even thus , All guiltless , meet reproach .	Believing fools are caught like this ; And many worthy and chaste dames just like this , All innocent , meet punishment .
Well , good night .	Well , good night .
May a man do it ?	Can a man do it ?
I must love you and sue to know you better .	I look forward to getting to know you better .
And in the morn I ’ ll bring you to your ship and so to Naples , Where I have hope to see the nuptial Of these our dear-belovèd solemnized , And thence retire me to my Milan , where Every third thought shall be my grave .	And in the morning I ’ ll take you to your ship and we ’ ll sail to Naples , where I hope to see this loving couple married .
And , sister , as the winds give benefit And convey is assistant , do not sleep , But let me hear from you .	And , my dear sister , as long as the winds are blowing and ships are sailing , let me hear from you — write .
How hast thou lost thy breath ?	How did you lose your breath ?
Did not great Julius bleed for justice ' sake ?	Didn ’ t great Caesar bleed for the sake of justice ?
O earth !	O earth !
One – two — why then ’ tis time to do 't .	One ; two ; why , then it is time to do it .
Why , that 's my dainty Ariel !	Why , that 's my delicate Ariel !
No , sir , no jot .	No , sir , not at all .
My good knave Eros , now thy captain is Even such a body .	Eros , my young friend , your captain is now just like that cloud .
Tis a naughty night to swim in .	This is a nasty night to go swimming .
You are welcome .	Welcome .
I embrace it freely , And will this brother 's wager frankly play . — Give us the foils .	I accept it freely , And will play this brother 's wager honestly .
Shall we to th ' court ?	Should we go inside ?
The wood of Birnam .	Birnam Wood .
How dost thou , Charles ?	How are you doing , Charles ?
You are dull , Casca , and those sparks of life That should be in a Roman you do want , Or else you use not .	You ’ re acting stupid , Casca , and you lack the quick wits that a Roman should have — or else you don ’ t use them .
Good Master Peaseblossom , I shall desire you of more acquaintance too . — Your name , I beseech you , sir ?	Good Mr. Peaseblossom , I ’ d like to get to know you better too . — And you , may I ask what your name is , sir ?
But I am very sorry , good Horatio , That to Laertes I forgot myself , For by the image of my cause I see The portraiture of his .	But I am very sorry , good Horatio , That I forgot myself to Laertes , Because , by the image of my cause , I can see Myself in him .
What profane wretch art thou ?	What kind of crude jerk are you ?
Nay , then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee , Having bought love with such a bloody spoil .	Then she has no choice but to hate you , as you purchased her love with murder .
Now .	Just now .
I heard him say , Brutus and Cassius Are rid like madmen through the gates of Rome .	I heard Octavius say that Brutus and Cassius have ridden like madmen through the gates of Rome .
Dear Celia , I show more mirth than I am mistress of , and would you yet I were merrier ?	Dear Celia — I already look much happier than I feel , but you want me to look even happier ?
We are arrant knaves , all .	Every one of us is a criminal .
Who intercepts my expedition ?	Who ’ s blocking the way ?
Draw that thy honest sword , which thou hast worn Most useful for thy country .	Draw your trustworthy sword , which you have used in such service to your country .
He loves me well , and I have given him reasons .	He likes me , and I ’ ve given him good reason to .
The king my father ? !	The king my father ? !
We have two hours To furnish us .	We have two hours to get ready .
The dram of evil Doth all the noble substance of a doubt To his own scandal .	The drop of affliction Often causes doubt about all the virtues they have To men ’ s own disgrace .
Let go , slave , or thou diest !	Let go of him , peasant , or you die !
All may be well enough .	Everything may still be all right .
He bears too great a mind .	My mind is too great for that .
Call my train together . — Degenerate bastard , I ’ ll not trouble thee .	Call my knights together .
Be silent .	Be quiet .
Ay me !	Oh dear !
Stirred up by Dorset , Buckingham , and Morton , He makes for England , here to claim the crown .	That , stirred up by Dorset , Buckingham , and Morton , he ’ s coming to England to claim the crown .
Art thou afeard To be the same in thine own act and valor As thou art in desire ?	Are you afraid to act the way you desire ?
Wilt thou rest damned ?	You ’ re going to rest while you ’ re still damned ?
Ah , do not tear away thyself from me !	Ah , don ’ t tear yourself away from me !
Are these , I pray you , wind instruments ?	Are these , I beg you , wind instruments ?
What , will these hands ne 'er be clean ?	What , will these hands never be clean ?
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
I think nothing , my lord .	I think nothing , my lord .
So shines a good deed in a naughty world .	A good deed in a naughty world shines like that .
One word more Shall make me chide thee , if not hate thee .	One word more Shall make me scold you , if not hate you .
I will return again into the house and desire some conduct of the lady .	I ’ ll go back inside and ask the lady for some kind of escort .
A beggar , brother ?	Are you begging , brother ?
I have forsworn his bed and company .	I ’ ve sworn I ’ ll never sleep with him or talk to him again .
This the Dauphin speaks .	This is the Dauphin ’ s message .
Our worser thoughts heavens mend .	May heaven save us from indecent thoughts !
Yield , or thou diest .	Yield , or you die .
What , dead , my dove ?	What , are you dead , my dove ?
The dew is raw and cold .	The night air is too raw and cold for us to stay outdoors .
Treason !	Treason !
What , bear her in hand until they come to take hands and then , with public accusation , uncovered slander , unmitigated rancor — O God , that I were a man !	He pretended that everything was fine until the moment they were exchanging vows , and then — with public accusation , blatant slander , pure hatred — Oh God , if only I were a man !
I will not stay behind .	I won ’ t stay behind .
A contagious breath .	His breath stinks .
Pray , write down , “ Borachio . ” — Yours , sirrah ?	Please , write down “ Borachio . ” — And yours ?
You have forgot the will I told you of .	You ’ ve forgotten the will I told you of .
I never felt it till now — Two thousand ducats in that , and other precious , precious jewels .	I never felt it until now — two thousand ducats in that diamond , and other precious , precious jewels !
That great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clouts .	That great baby you see there is not yet out of his swaddling clothes .
No .	No .
Uncouple in the western valley .	Unleash the dogs in the western valley .
What , frighted with false fire ?	What — is he scared of a gun that only fired a blank ?
Do but look up .	Just look .
Oh , let us yet be merciful .	Oh , let us be merciful anyway .
A deed without a name .	A deed without a name .
That I did for him .	I did that to him .
Ay , to me .	She ’ s dead to me .
Didst thou see any thing ?	Did you see anything ?
All is confirm 'd , my lord , which was reported .	All is confirmed , my lord , which was reported .
Ay , ay , three thousand ducats .	Oh yes , three thousand ducats .
Peace , ho !	Quiet , there !
An evil soul producing holy witness Is like a villain with a smiling cheek ; A goodly apple rotten at the heart ; O , what a goodly outside falsehood hath !	An evil soul producing holy witness Is like a villain with a smiling cheek , A good apple rotten at the heart .
One of my fellows had the speed of him , Who , almost dead for breath , had scarcely more Than would make up his message .	One of my friends traveled with him , Who , almost dead for breath , had scarcely more breath To deliver his message .
Come , we ’ ll to sleep .	Yes , let ’ s go to sleep .
You were the word of war .	They said they were acting for you .
I am Thane of Cawdor .	I am Baron of Cawdor .
Do as I bid you .	Do as I told you .
Belike Some things — I know not what .	It probably has something to do with … I don ’ t know .
And whatsoever else shall hap tonight , Give it an understanding , but no tongue .	Whatever happens tonight , don ’ t talk about it .
Oh , devil , devil !	Oh , you devil , you devil !
Lo , here I lie , Never to rise again .	Behold , here I lie , Never to rise again .
There is a cliff , whose high and bending head Looks fearfully in the confinèd deep .	There ’ s a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea .
The gallants desire it .	Tonight is for celebrating !
O thou Othello , that wert once so good , What shall be said to thee ?	O you Othello , that was once so good , Fallen in the plan of a damned slave , What shall be said to you ?
Take me up .	Pick me up .
Good morrow , Prince ; good morrow , Claudio .	Good morning , Prince ; good morning , Claudio .
Good my sovereign , Take up the English short , and let them know Of what a monarchy you are the head .	My good King , surprise the English and let them know what kind of kingdom you rule over .
Where we are , There ’ s daggers in men ’ s smiles .	Wherever we go , men will smile at us while hiding daggers .
But all the story of the night told over , And all their minds transfigured so together , More witnesseth than fancy ’ s images And grows to something of great constancy , But , howsoever , strange and admirable .	Their story is bizarre and astounding , but it ’ s solid and consistent .
Ha !	Huh ?
How does lieutenant Cassio ?	How is lieutenant Cassio ?
What noise is this ? — Not dead ?	What ’ s that noise ?
What is she ?	Who ’ s that ?
Thou didst promise To bate me a full year .	You promised to take a full year off my sentence .
How is it , general ?	What happened , general ?
Ay , sir .	Yes , sir .
I learned it in England where indeed they are most potent in potting .	I learned it in England , where they have a talent for drinking .
Now , if these men have defeated the law and outrun native punishment , though they can outstrip men , they have no wings to fly from God .	Even if these men have escaped the law and punishment at home , they cannot escape God .
For the intent and purpose of the law Hath full relation to the penalty , Which here appeareth due upon the bond .	The law fully authorizes the penalty , which you have to pay according to the contract .
Indeed , indeed , sirs , but this troubles me .	Yes , I should know , but it disturbs me .
I hope he is much grown since last I saw him .	I hope he ’ s grown a lot since I last saw him .
Now is it Rome indeed , and room enough , When there is in it but one only man .	Is Rome still Rome , and does it have room enough , When there is in it only one man ?
I love your majesty According to my bond , no more nor less .	I love you as a child should love her father , neither more nor less .
My good Lysander !	My good Lysander !
Not I , believe me .	Not me .
I hear a tongue , shriller than all the music , Cry “ Caesar ! ” — Speak .	I hear a voice more piercing than the music of these trumpets calling “ Caesar ! ” Speak .
Get thee away .	Get going now .
Thyself a queen , for me that was a queen , Outlive thy glory , like my wretched self .	All because of what happened to that brat Rutland ?
It shall be so .	That ’ s what I ’ ll do .
For , as it is a heartbreaking to see a handsome man loose-wived , so it is a deadly sorrow to behold a foul knave uncuckolded .	If it ’ s sad to see a handsome man with a cheating wife , it ’ s a tragedy to see an ugly thug with a wife who ’ s faithful .
My ever-gentle cousin , welcome hither .	My noble kinsman , welcome .
What is 't thou canst demand ?	What is it you demand ?
The duke be here tonight ?	The duke will be here tonight ?
I ’ ll hold my mind were she an Ethiope .	I wouldn ’ t change my mind even if she were
You talk !	Don ’ t be silly !
What was the second noise for ?	What was the second noise for ?
If thou rememberest aught ere thou camest here , How thou camest here thou mayst .	If you remember your life before you came here , you may also remember how you got here .
Therefore speak .	Tell me .
Ay , mistress , and Petruchio is the master , That teacheth tricks eleven and twenty long To tame a shrew and charm her chattering tongue .	Master , master , I ’ ve been on the lookout so long , I ’ m ready to fall down dead — but I ’ ve got one , finally !
Cassius , what night is this !	Cassius , what a night this is !
For Brutus ' sake , I am beholding to you .	For Brutus ’ s sake , I am indebted to you .
Farewell , Ophelia , and remember well What I have said to you .	Goodbye , Ophelia , and remember well What I have said to you .
Doth this news hold of good King Edward ’ s death ?	Is it true that good King Edward has died ?
A quarrel , ho , already ?	What , an argument already ?
Between who ?	Between whom ?
This day I breathed first .	Today was the day I breathed my first breath .
But we are prevented .	But now we don ’ t have to !
Perchance , Iago , I will ne 'er go home .	Maybe I ’ ll never go home again , Iago !
Certainly , sir , I can .	Sure I can , father .
Sister , where thou ?	Sister , where were you ?
Believe me , I cannot .	I ’ m serious , I can ’ t .
Thy evil spirit , Brutus .	Your evil spirit , Brutus .
On Fortune ’ s cap we are not the very button .	But you ’ re not down and out , either , are you ?
Now die , die , die , die , die .	Now die , die , die , die , die .
Hence , horrible shadow !	Here , horrible shadow !
Remorseless , treacherous , lecherous , kindless villain !	Remorseless , treacherous , lecherous , kindless villain !
He ’ s speaking now , Or murmuring “ Where ’ s my serpent of old Nile ? ” For so he calls me .	He ’ s speaking now , or perhaps he ’ s whispering , “ Where ’ s my serpent of the Nile ? ” For that ’ s his pet name for me .
What , my lord ?	What , my lord ?
No greater heart in thee ?	No braver than this ?
Tell him there 's a post come from my master , with his horn full of good news ; my master will be here ere morning .	Tell him there 's a letter arrived from my master with his horn full of good news ; my master will be here before morning .
Fie , what a question ’ s that If thou wert near a lewd interpreter !	What kind of question is that !
Come , poor remains of friends , rest on this rock .	Come , last of my friends , rest on this rock .
Antonio shall become bound , — well .	Antonio shall be obligated ; right ?
The French ambassador upon that instant Craved audience .	The French ambassador arrived at that moment and asked to see the king .
I ’ ll pheeze you , in faith .	I ’ ll fix you , I swear .
It is perchance that you yourself were saved .	It was a total fluke that you yourself were saved .
And I know not what ’ s spent in the search .	I don ’ t even know how much I ’ m spending to find them .
Look how it steals away !	Look how it steals away !
Excellent wretch !	Excellent wretch !
No .	No .
She wished she had not heard it , yet she wished That heaven had made her such a man .	She said she wished she hadn ’ t heard it , but she also wished there was a man like me for her .
Methinks I could not die anywhere so contented as in the king ’ s company , his cause being just and his quarrel honorable .	I don ’ t think there ’ s anywhere I ’ d rather die than in the king ’ s company , as his cause is just and honorable .
Why , what ’ s the matter ?	Why , what ’ s the matter ?
Good gentle one , give me modest assurance if you be the lady of the house , that I may proceed in my speech .	Please , my lady , just confirm that you ’ re the lady of the house so I can get on with my speech .
If not to answer , you might haply think Tongue-tied ambition , not replying , yielded To bear the golden yoke of sovereignty , Which fondly you would here impose on me .	If I don ’ t answer , perhaps you ’ ll think I ’ m accepting the heavy responsibility you foolishly want to impose on me .
Thou naughty knave , what trade ?	You insolent rascal , what trade ?
Most certain .	It ’ s certain .
Not sick , my lord , unless it be in mind , Nor well , unless in mind .	He ’ s not sick , my lord , but he ’ s very upset , and his problems are serious .
There is a river in Macedon , and there is also , moreover , a river at Monmouth .	There is a river in Macedon , and there is likewise a river in Monmouth .
If you ’ ll sit down , I ’ ll bear your logs the while .	If you sit down , I ’ ll carry your logs a while .
With no sauce that can be devised to it .	Not with any sauce they could provide for them .
Would I were satisfied !	As long as there are
He is most in the company of the right noble Claudio .	He spends most of his time with the good , noble Claudio .
A cry more tuneable Was never holla 'd to , nor cheer 'd with horn , In Crete , in Sparta , nor in Thessaly .	A cry more tuneable Was never called to , or cheered with a horn , In Crete , in Sparta , or in Thessaly .
Bid him Report the feature of Octavia : her years , Her inclination .	How old is she ?
Give me that man That is not passion 's slave , and I will wear him In my heart 's core , ay , in my heart of heart , As I do thee .	Give me that man That is not passion 's slave , and I will wear him In my heart 's core , yes , in my heart of heart , As I do you .
Away !	Not a chance !
Right , I mean you .	My meaning And I
There is a play tonight before the King .	There is a play tonight before the king .
O , who hath done this deed ?	O , who has done this deed ?
Friend Launcelot , what ’ s the news ?	Launcelot , what ’ s going on ?
Seek him , bid him come hither .	Seek him , bid him come here .
I pray you and beseech you that you will .	I will lower my voice .
I dare not confess that lest I should compare with him in excellence , but to know a man well were to know himself .	I can ’ t admit that , since you ’ d have to compare his excellence to mine .
Poor prattler , how thou talk 'st !	Poor prattler , how you talk !
An old Italian fox is not so kind , my boy .	An old Italian fox is never that generous , my boy .
Take that , and that .	Take that , and that .
I did hear The galloping of horse .	I heard The galloping of horse .
I beseech you , sir , go .	Please go , sir .
Sweets to the sweet !	Sweets to the sweet .
Your ear is good .	You have a good ear .
revenge .	Revenge .
They would be better if well followed .	It would be better if you actually applied it to your life .
You have displaced the mirth , broke the good meeting , With most admired disorder .	You have disrupted the fun , broken up a good party , With very admirable chaos .
Truly , the tree yields bad fruit .	Well , the tree bears rotten fruit .
We are men , my liege .	We are men , my lord .
When Prospero is destroyed .	When Prospero is destroyed .
Thou strik ’ st not me , ’ tis Caesar thou defeat ’ st .	You won ’ t be striking me down , but defeating Caesar .
What , must our mouths be cold ?	What , we ’ re going to die ?
Good hay , sweet hay , hath no fellow .	There ’ s nothing like good hay , really sweet hay .
I give it you .	It ’ s yours .
Farewell , my lords .	Goodbye , gentlemen .
When I think , I must speak .	Whatever I think , I have to say .
If you do meet Horatio and Marcellus , The rivals of my watch , bid them make haste .	If you meet Horatio and Marcellus , The ones who will watch with me , tell them to hurry up .
My suit to her Is that she will to virtuous Desdemona Procure me some access .	I ’ m going to ask her to let me talk to Desdemona .
Go , some of you , And bring these gentlemen where Hamlet is .	Servants , take these gentlemen to see Hamlet .
Why do you cross me in this exigent ?	Why are you defying me in this urgent matter ?
I ’ ll not endure it .	I will not take it .
A pleasing cordial , princely Buckingham , Is this thy vow unto my sickly heart .	Noble Buckingham , your promise is like medicine to my ailing heart .
Will you pleasure me ?	Can you help me ?
Were ’ t my fitness To let these hands obey my blood , They are apt enough to dislocate and tear Thy flesh and bones .	If I let myself do what I yearn to , I ’ d rip the flesh off your bones .
A piece of work that will make sick men whole .	A deed that will make sick men healthy .
Ay , marry , why was he sent into England ?	Whose was it ?
O Hamlet , thou hast cleft my heart in twain .	What would you like , Laertes ?
Now is the winter of our discontent Made glorious summer by this son of York , And all the clouds that loured upon our house In the deep bosom of the ocean buried .	Now we wear the wreaths of victory on our heads .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Go off .	Go away .
Why seek ’ st thou me ?	Why are you looking for me ?
Conceit upon her father .	Where ’ s my father ?
My lord ?	My lord ?
I had a wound here that was like a “ T , ” But now ’ tis made an “ H. ” They do retire .	I had a scar here that looked like a “ T ” ; now it ’ s an “ H. ” They ’ re retreating .
Better once than never , for never too late .	Better late than never — and it ’ s never too late to change .
I dare assure you , sir , ’ tis almost two , And ’ twill be supper time ere you come there .	I hate to say it , but it ’ s almost two and we won ’ t get there before suppertime .
O ceremony , show me but thy worth !	Oh , ceremony , only show me your value !
There is no composition in these news That gives them credit .	There is no written in this news That makes them believable .
You make me strange Even to the disposition that I owe , When now I think you can behold such sights , And keep the natural ruby of your cheeks When mine is blanch 'd with fear .	You treat me like a stranger Unlike my usual self , When I wonder now how you can behold such sights , And keep the natural ruby of your cheeks , When mine are blanched with fear .
O noble Caesar !	O noble Caesar !
Who is conductor of his people ?	Who is leading his men ?
Go charge my goblins that they grind their joints With dry convulsions , shorten up their sinews With agèd cramps , and more pinch-spotted make them Than pard or cat o ' mountain .	Ariel , go order my goblin servants to make these fellows ' bones ache , give them muscle cramps all over , and give them more bruises than leopards have spots .
I 'll have some proof .	I 'll have some proof .
And as with age his body uglier grows , So his mind cankers .	As his body grows uglier with age , his mind rots away as well .
A coward , a most devout coward , religious in it .	He ’ s a coward , a total coward .
So I , to find a mother and a brother , In quest of them , unhappy , lose myself .	In order to find a mother and a brother , I too have lost myself , unhappily .
She was the wife of Caius Marcellus .	She was previously Caius Marcellus ’ wife .
Do you love me ?	Do you love me ?
Why should not I then prosecute my right ?	Why shouldn ’ t I pursue Hermia ?
I have a reasonable good ear in music .	I have a reasonable good musical ear ; let ’ s sing and dance .
This presence knows , And you must needs have heard , how I am punish 'd With sore distraction .	This King knows , and you must have heard , How I am punished with a painful madness .
Nothing but sit and sit , and eat and eat !	All we do is sit and sit and eat and eat .
I will be here again , even with a thought .	I ’ ll be here again , even with a thought .
Wilt thou lay hands on me , villain ?	What , you dare put your hands on me , villain ?
Or that there were such men Whose heads stood in their breasts ?	Or that there were similar men Whose heads were in their chests ?
He says he ’ ll come .	He says he ’ ll come .
And now about the cauldron sing , Like elves and fairies in a ring , Enchanting all that you put in .	Now come sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies , enchanting everything you put in .
Temperance was a delicate wench .	I knew Temperance — she was a fine girl .
No occupation .	There ’ d be no work .
Help !	Help !
Kate like the hazel-twig Is straight and slender and as brown in hue As hazel nuts , and sweeter than the kernels .	Kate is as straight and slender as a hazel-twig , her hair as brown as hazelnut shells , and she herself sweeter than the kernels .
So thou mayst say the king lies by a beggar if a beggar dwell near him , or the church stands by thy tabor , if thy tabor stand by the church .	You could just as easily say that a king sleeps near a beggar if the beggar lives near him , or that the church is supported by your drum because it “ stands by ” your drum .
Here .	I ’ m here .
My lord Sebastian , The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness And time to speak it in — you rub the sore , When you should bring the plaster .	My lord Sebastian , The truth you speak lacks some gentleness And proper timing ; you rub the wound , When you should bring the Band-Aid .
Now , fellows , you are welcome .	You are welcome here , my friends .
I do beseech you — Chiefly that I might set it in my prayers — What is your name ?	I beg you to tell me your name so I can use it in my prayers .
He went hence but now , And certainly in strange unquietness .	He went just left , And certainly in a strange state of upset .
If your leisure served , I would speak with you .	If you don ’ t mind , I ’ d like to speak with you .
To horse , you gallant princes , straight to horse .	To our horses , you gallant princes .
Then wherefore should I doubt ?	Then why am I worried ?
My name is Mary , sir .	My name is Mary , sir .
I will go seek the king .	I ’ ll go tell the king about this .
What though I be not so in grace as you , So hung upon with love , so fortunate , But miserable most , to love unloved ?	Although I may not be as graceful as you , So hung upon with love , so fortunate , But most miserable most , to love and still be unloved ?
I have not dined today .	I haven ’ t eaten today .
Well demanded , wench .	Good question , my girl .
There is no woman ’ s sides Can bide the beating of so strong a passion As love doth give my heart .	No woman is strong enough to put up with the kind of intense passion I feel .
Then I will kiss your lips , Kate .	Then I will kiss your lips , Kate .
What shall I do ?	What shall I do ?
Away !	Let ’ s go !
Hail to thee , lady , and the grace of heaven , Before , behind thee , and on every hand , Enwheel thee round !	Greetings , my lady , and may God always be with you .
Titinius , if thou lovest me , Mount thou my horse and hide thy spurs in him , Till he have brought thee up to yonder troops And here again , that I may rest assured Whether yond troops are friend or enemy .	Titinius , if you love me , Mount my horse and hide your spurs in him , Until he has brought you up to the troops over there And back here again that I may rest assured Whether the troops over there are friend or enemy .
If he awake , From toe to crown he 'll fill our skins with pinches , Make us strange stuff .	If he awakens , He 'll fill our skins with pinches from toe to head ; Turn us into strange stuff .
Look you , sir , such a one I was this present .	Look , sir , this is a portrait of me as I am at this particular moment .
Twelve year since , Miranda , twelve year since , Thy father was the Duke of Milan and A prince of power .	Twelve years ago , Miranda , twelve years ago your father was the Duke of Milan , a powerful prince .
This is Lucentio ’ s house .	This is Lucentio ’ s house .
Why , then , I care not for thee .	In that case , I don ’ t much care for you either .
I am sorry that I am deceived in him .	I am sorry that I was wrong about him .
But , if you knew to whom you show this honour , How true a gentleman you send relief , How dear a lover of my lord your husband , I know you would be prouder of the work , Than customary bounty can enforce you .	But if you knew to whom you give this friendship , How true a gentleman you send in relief , How dear a friend of my lord is your husband , I know you show more pride in the work Than accustomed behavior can make you show .
Less in your knowledge and your grace you show not Than our earth ’ s wonder , more than earth divine .	wise and graceful as the earth is wonderful and divine .
My lord , you once did love me .	My lord , you loved me once .
With whom ?	With whom ?
When I have plucked thy rose I cannot give it vital growth again , It must needs wither .	When I ’ ve plucked this rose , I can ’ t make it grow again ; it will have no choice but to wither and die .
The man that once did sell the lion ’ s skin While the beast lived was killed with hunting him .	The man that once sold the skin of a lion while the beast still lived died hunting him .
But I pray you , tell me , is my boy , God rest his soul , alive or dead ?	But please tell me , is my boy — God rest his soul — alive or dead ?
Herald , save thou thy labor .	Herald , spare yourself .
Let ’ s speak to him .	Let ’ s speak to him .
If a Christian wrong a Jew , what should his sufferance be by Christian example ?	If a Christian wrongs a Jew , what should his choice be by Christian example ?
It is not lost ; but what an if it were ?	It is not lost ; but what if it were ?
Indeed , that is out of the air .	Indeed , that is out of the air .
Caesar shall forth .	I will go out .
But have I fall 'n , or no ?	But did I fall or not ?
And earthly power doth then show likest God ’ s When mercy seasons justice .	Kingly power seems most like God ’ s power when the king mixes mercy with justice .
Again !	Again !
And so good morrow to you every one .	And so , good morning to all of you .
Here you may roast your goose .	You can heat your iron up in here .
Whom should I knock ?	Whom should I knock ?
Come , bird , come .	Come here .
Never alone Did the King sigh , but with a general groan .	The King never Sighed by himself , but with the whole country ’ s groan .
Crystal is muddy .	Crystal is muddy .
O heavenly mingle !	Oh , heavenly mixture !
Poor Tom shall lead thee .	Poor Tom will take you there .
Why , Gloucester , Gloucester , I ’ d speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife .	Gloucester , Gloucester , I want to speak with the Duke of Cornwall and his wife .
What if I had said I had seen him do you wrong ?	What , If I had said I had seen him do you wrong ?
tis a lost fear .	There ’ s no reason to be afraid .
O knight , thou lackest a cup of canary .	Sir , you need a drink .
Speak , if you can : what are you ?	Speak , if you can .
I never hated thee .	I ’ ve never been your enemy .
And tell the Dauphin His jest will savor but of shallow wit When thousands weep more than did laugh at it .	And tell the Dauphin his joke will look pretty stupid when thousands more weep than ever laughed at it .
Alack , why thus ?	Oh , why is this so ?
Hamlet , thou hast thy father much offended .	Hamlet , you have offended your father very much .
And when please you to say so ?	And when will that be ?
Oh , heaven , how got she out ?	Oh , heaven , how did she get out ?
Is thy union here ?	Is your little pearl in there ?
I ’ ll serve this duke .	I want to be this Duke ’ s servant .
The old proverb is very well parted between my master Shylock and you , sir ; you have the grace of God , sir , and he hath enough .	The old proverb is very well parted between my master Shylock and you , sir : you have the grace of God , sir , and he has enough .
Do thy worst .	Go ahead , do your worst .
Who can come in and say that I mean her , When such a one as she such is her neighbor ?	Who can say I mean just her when all her neighbors are exactly like her ?
Here lies the east .	This direction is east .
I shall devise something .	I ’ ll think of something .
For that he dares us to ’ t .	Because he ’ s daring us to do it .
For hear me , Hero , wooing , wedding , and repenting is as a Scotch jig , a measure , and a cinquepace .	The wooing is like a Scottish jig : hot and fast and full of whimsy and illusion .
Who must hang them ?	Who must hang them ?
Good my lord , enter .	Now please go in .
For this present , I would not , so with love I might entreat you , Be any further moved .	For now , don ’ t try to persuade me anymore — I ask you as a friend .
He shall not go to prison .	He mustn ’ t go to prison .
One word more , honest neighbors .	One more thing , good gentlemen .
Who knows not that ?	Yeah , so ?
Let their beds Be made as soft as yours and let their palates Be seasoned with such viands ” ?	Let their beds be as soft as yours , and let them eat the same food as you ” ?
Let us therefore eat and drink .	So we should eat and drink .
Mark it , nuncle .	Listen up , uncle .
Well , gentlemen , I am thus resolved : On Sunday next , you know My daughter Katherina is to be married .	As you know , next Sunday my daughter Katherina is to be married .
Plucking the entrails of an offering forth , They could not find a heart within the beast .	Looking at the guts of an offering , They couldn ’ t find a heart inside the beast .
I will deal in poison with thee , or in bastinado , or in steel .	I ’ ll poison you , or beat you with a club , or stab you with a sword .
A Roman .	A Roman .
Don Pedro is approached .	Don Pedro is here .
Return , good Catesby , to the gracious duke .	Return to the gracious duke , good Catesby .
And all for nothing — For Hecuba !	For Hecuba !
Tell him I am prompt To lay my crown at ’ s feet , and there to kneel .	Tell him I am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel before him .
But being widow , and my Gloucester with her , May all the building in my fancy pluck Upon my hateful life .	He lost both , my lord . — Ma 'am , this letter is from your sister , and needs an immediate answer .
You may be rightly just , Whatever I shall think .	You may be rightly just , Whatever I shall think .
An inviting eye , and yet methinks right modest .	But she ’ s modest and ladylike too .
She speaks .	She ’ s talking .
Hear Antony .	Listen to Antony .
You think I ’ ll weep ?	You expect me to cry ?
O horror , horror , horror !	O horror , horror , horror !
Drunk ?	Drunk ?
What 's the business , That such a hideous trumpet calls to parley The sleepers of the house ?	What 's happened , That such a hideous trumpet calls to summon The sleepers of the house ?
Let ’ s have the tongs and the bones .	Let ’ s hear someone play the triangle and the sticks .
Be not lost So poorly in your thoughts .	Don ’ t be lost So badly in your thoughts .
Canst thou remember A time before we came unto this cell ?	Can you remember A time before we came to this dwelling ?
While one with moderate haste might tell a hundred .	As long as an average person might count to a hundred .
She returns this ring to you , sir .	She ’ s sending this ring back to you , sir .
Here is more news .	Here is more news .
Alas , that they are so , To die even when they to perfection grow !	It ’ s too bad their beauty fades right when it reaches perfection !
No , not for all the world .	No , not for all the world .
Away , away , be gone .	Away , away , be gone .
Death and damnation !	Death and damnation !
I shall remember .	I ’ ll remember .
Our wars are done .	Our wars are over .
I am gone , though I am here .	My body waits here , but the rest of me is gone .
You are a tame man ; go !	You are a tame man ; go !
I can , Petruchio , help thee to a wife With wealth enough , and young and beauteous , Brought up as best becomes a gentlewoman .	I can help you find a wife who ’ s rich , young , beautiful , and reared in a manner fit for a gentlewoman .
He is or ta 'en or slain .	He ’ s or taken or slain .
I will meditate the while upon some horrid message for a challenge .	Meanwhile , I ’ ll think of some horrible way to phrase the challenge .
He was but a fool That brought my answer back .	He was only a fool That brought my answer back .
Under a compelling occasion , let women die .	If it ’ s that important , then let the women die .
Doth not my wit become me rarely ?	Doesn ’ t my wit suit me well ?
Shall Caesar send a lie ?	Would I send a lie ?
Not yet .	Not yet .
And so farewell . — Katherina , you may stay , For I have more to commune with Bianca .	Katherina , you may stay .
It cannot be but thou hast murder 'd him ; So should a murderer look , so dead , so grim .	It can only mean that you have murdered him ; A murderer should look like you , so dead , so grim .
Was he not born of woman ?	Didn ’ t a woman give birth to him ?
Why should I not ?	Why shouldn ’ t I ?
If thou say so , withdraw , and prove it too .	If you say so , go away , and prove it too .
Ay , madam , it is common .	Yes , madam , that ’ s the way it goes .
Nay then , I will not .	Absolutely not .
As it ebbs , the seedsman Upon the slime and ooze scatters his grain , And shortly comes to harvest .	The harvest comes shortly after that .
I never knew a woman love man so .	I never knew a woman could love man so .
My wayward husband hath a hundred times	hundred times .
On Tuesday noon , or night , or Wednesday morn .	Or Tuesday noon or at night , or Wednesday morning .
Well , sir ?	I ’ m sorry , you were saying ?
These are old fond paradoxes to make fools laugh i ' the alehouse .	These are old wives ’ tales to make fools laugh in the alehouse .
What , master , read you ?	What are you reading , teacher ?
You rise to play and go to bed to work .	You wake up to have fun , and you start work when you go to bed .
Ay .	Yes .
Why , to keep one ’ s eyes of either side ’ s nose , that what a man cannot smell out , he may spy into .	Why , to keep the eyes on the sides , so that you can see anything that you can ’ t sniff out .
Let me speak like yourself , and lay a sentence Which , as a grise or step , may help these lovers Into your favor .	Let me speak as you would ; and lay a sentence Which , as a grace or step , may help these lovers Into your favor .
No , you unnatural hags ,	man ’ s cheeks .
They stay upon your patience .	They ’ re ready whenever you are .
Is ’ t true , is ’ t true ?	Is it true , is it true ?
Yet if thou say Antony lives , is well , Or friends with Caesar , or not captive to him , I ’ ll set thee in a shower of gold and hail Rich pearls upon thee .	But if Antony is alive , healthy , friendly with Caesar , and not Caesar ’ s prisoner , I ’ ll shower you with gold and pearls .
How hath your lordship brooked imprisonment ?	How did you tolerate prison ?
By the mess , ere theise eyes of mine take themselves to slomber , ay ’ ll de gud service , or I ’ ll lig i ' th ' grund for it , ay , or go to death .	I swear by the mass , before I close my eyes to go to sleep , I ’ ll put in some good fighting , or I ’ ll lie in the ground dead .
Truly , I think they are .	Yes , I really think so .
Name the day of marriage , and God give thee joy .	Tell us when you wish to get married , and may God give you joy .
Work on , My medicine , work !	Work on , My medicine , work !
We are glad the Dauphin is so pleasant with us .	I ’ m happy the Dauphin has such a good sense of humor .
He took my father grossly , full of bread , With all his crimes broad blown , as flush as May ; And how his audit stands , who knows save heaven ?	He took my father grossly , full of food , With all his sins on his soul , as full of bloom as May , And how his report stands , who knows except heaven ?
Know the glove !	Know the glove !
I know this is a joyful trouble to you ; But yet ’ tis one .	I know this is a joyful trouble to you , It is still only one .
What would my lord ?	How can I help you , sir ?
Thy love ne 'er alter till thy sweet life end !	May your love never change until your sweet life ends !
How may we try it further ?	How can we find out more ?
The old man and his people Cannot be well bestowed .	There ’ s no room for the old man and his followers .
As birds do , Mother .	What ?
Begone . — On , officer , to prison till it come .	Go !
Come , for England !	Come , for England !
Go to him , madam , speak to him .	Go to him , madam , speak to him .
Call in the messengers .	Call in the messengers and we ’ ll find out .
In faith , lady , you have a merry heart .	Truly , lady , you have a merry heart .
Heavens keep him from these beasts !	Heavens protect him from these beasts !
You shall hear more by midnight .	You shall hear more by midnight .
And in their ship I am sure Lorenzo is not .	That wicked Jew got the duke to listen to his complaints .
We will hear Caesar ’ s will .	We want to hear Caesar ’ s will .
More matter for a May morning .	Here ’ s more insanity for us .
Doth thy other mouth call me ?	Is your other mouth calling my name ?
As I am an honest man , he looks pale . — Art thou sick , or angry ?	Look : Benedick is so pale — are you sick , or angry ?
Ay , and a kind one too .	Yes , and a nice one at that .
So , as a painted tyrant , Pyrrhus stood , And like a neutral to his will and matter , Did nothing .	So , like a painted tyrant , Pyrrhus stood , And , as if not giving in to his will and body , Did nothing .
Armed , my lord .	Armed , sir .
It hath not appeared .	It doesn ’ t look that way to me .
But though I am a daughter to his blood , I am not to his manners .	But I need to remember I ’ m related to him by blood , not behavior .
Oh , my fortunes have Corrupted honest men !	Oh , my bad luck has forced honest men to become traitors .
What , ho !	What , ho !
What says your Highness to my just request ?	What do you say , your Highness , about my just request ?
Tis spoken well .	You ’ re right .
Cousin of Buckingham , a word with you .	Buckingham , I need to have a word with you .
Tell us what hath chanced today That Caesar looks so sad .	Tell us what happened today that put Caesar in such a serious mood .
These growing feathers plucked from Caesar ’ s wing Will make him fly an ordinary pitch , Who else would soar above the view of men And keep us all in servile fearfulness .	If we take away Caesar ’ s support , he ’ ll have to come back down to earth ; otherwise , he ’ ll fly too high and keep the rest of us in a state of fear and obedience .
I thank your lordship , it is very hot .	I thank your lordship , it is very hot .
Pardon , sweet father .	Pardon , dear father .
She well instructs me .	She ’ s full of good advice .
Not so sick , my lord , As she is troubled with thick-coming fancies , That keep her from her rest .	Not so sick , my lord , As she is troubled with a number of illusions , That keep her from resting .
We will haste us .	We will go quickly .
This ’ greed upon To part with unhacked edges and bear back Our targes undinted .	If I agree to this , we may leave unharmed , with our shields undented .
In respect that it is solitary , I like it very well ; but in respect that it is private , it is a very vile life .	In the fact that it ’ s solitary , I enjoy it very much ; but in the sense that it ’ s private , it ’ s terrible .
So think thou wilt no second husband wed ; But die thy thoughts when thy first lord is dead .	So you think you won ’ t marry again , But you ’ ll change your mind when your first lord is dead .
All ’ s hushed as midnight yet .	It ’ s as silent as a graveyard here .
Twas on a summer ’ s evening in his tent , That day he overcame the Nervii .	It was the day he overcame the Nervii warriors .
But tell not me ; I know , Antonio Is sad to think upon his merchandise .	But don ’ t tell me ; I know Antonio Is sad to think about his shipments .
Stand close ; this is the same Athenian .	Stand close ; this is the same Athenian .
Will you give her o 'er ?	Will you abandon her ?
Good madam , hear me .	Good madam , let me speak .
O brave monster !	Good monster !
He poisons him i ' the garden for his estate .	He poisons him in the garden for his estate .
And this report Hath so exasperate the King that he Prepares for some attempt of war .	And this report Has so exasperated the king that he Prepares for some attempt of war .
But what warmth is there in your affection towards any of these princely suitors that are already come ?	But what warmth is there in your affections towards any of these princes that have already come to try ?
By my fay , a goodly nap .	That ’ s some nap .
But heavenly Rosalind !	But , oh , heavenly Rosalind !
I did hear him groan .	I heard him groan .
Or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?	That your interest payments are like Jacob ’ s sheep ?
Why , let her except , before excepted .	Well , she can get used to it .
Now my spirit is going .	Now I feel my soul leaving .
When these are gone , The woman will be out .	When these tears are gone , Woman will be extinct .
He ’ s bound unto Octavia .	He ’ s bound to Octavia .
Go , go , good countrymen , and for this fault , Assemble all the poor men of your sort , Draw them to Tiber banks , and weep your tears Into the channel till the lowest stream Do kiss the most exalted shores of all .	Go , go , good countrymen , and to make up for having done wrong , gather up all the poor men like yourselves , lead them to the Tiber , and weep into the river until it overflows its banks .
Away , go !	Go !
When was it she last walked ?	When was it she last walked ?
O , my fair cousin , I must not say so .	Oh , my handsome nephew , I must not say that .
There , take it ; and much thanks for my good cheer .	There , take it , and thanks for taking such good care of me .
O thou good Kent , how shall I live and work To match thy goodness ?	Oh , Kent , what could I ever do to become as good as you are ?
The quality of nothing hath not such need to hide itself .	If it were nothing , you wouldn ’ t need to hide it .
When at your hands did I deserve this scorn ?	When did I earn this scorn at your hands ?
I charge you , go with me .	I order you to come with me .
I have no will to wander forth of doors , Yet something leads me forth .	I have no desire to go outside , yet something leads me there .
Then comes the time , who lives to see ’ t , That going shall be used with feet .	And whoever lives to see that day Will walk with his feet .
So , This is to horse .	So , there ’ s the signal to ride .
Our fathers ' minds are dead , And we are govern 'd with our mothers ' spirits ; Our yoke and sufferance show us womanish .	our fathers ' minds are dead , And we are governed by our mothers ' spirits ; Our burden and suffering makes us look womanish .
Why , see you not ?	Why , don ’ t you see it ?
But if all aim but this be leveled false , The supposition of the lady ’ s death Will quench the wonder of her infamy .	And even if they don ’ t , at least Hero ’ s supposed death will stop the rumors of her infidelity .
What 's thy pleasure ?	What 's your pleasure ?
Is not your husband mad ?	Your husband ’ s mad , isn ’ t he ?
Tis very true .	Very true .
So please your grace , the Prologue is addressed .	Your grace , the person who is going to deliver the prologue is ready .
Eight score eight hours ?	One hundred sixty-eight hours ?
Have you had quiet guard ?	Have things been quiet on your watch ?
Say she shall be a high and mighty queen .	He asks her to do what God Say she will be a high and mighty queen .
If you should die before him , where ’ s her dower ?	Otherwise — forgive me , but if you should die before him , what becomes of her dowry ?
Wake her not .	Don ’ t wake her .
My language !	My language !
And therefore , good Grumio , the news .	So go on , tell me the news .
Heaven rest them now !	Heaven rest them now !
I hope , in no place so unsanctified Where such as thou mayst find him .	I hope , in no place so unsanctified or shamed as Where such as you may find him .
But , in loving me , you should love the friend of France , for I love France so well that I will not part with a village of it .	But in loving me , you would love the friend of France , for I love France so much that I will not part with a single village of it .
How will this fadge ?	Ah , how will this all turn out ?
And yet I would not be thee , nuncle .	And yet I wouldn ’ t want to be you , uncle .
If I be waspish , best beware my sting .	If I ’ m a wasp , look out for my stinger .
We ’ ll hear him what he says .	Let ’ s hear what he has to say .
Durst thou have look 'd upon him being awake , And hast thou kill 'd him sleeping ?	Did you dare to look at him , being awake , And have you killed him sleeping ?
Was that mine ?	Was it mine ?
Heaven doth truly know it .	Heaven knows I am .
Hum !	Ha !
You are i ' the right , sir , ’ tis for my mistress .	You are right , it ’ s for my mistress .
I go .	Here I go .
O , help !	O , help !
Here she comes , cursed and sad .	Ah , here she comes , angry and sad .
Of a certain knight that swore by his honor they were good pancakes , and swore by his honor the mustard was naught .	From a certain knight who swore on his honor that the pancakes he was eating were good , and that the mustard on top of them — he swore on his honor — was bad .
What think you on ’ t ?	What do you think of this plan ?
I , gentle mistress .	I did , kind lady .
Then show it me .	Show me .
We have consented to all terms of reason .	We have consented to all reasonable terms .
It hath the primal eldest curse upon ’ t , A brother ’ s murder .	It has the mark of
Fie , fie !	Girls , girls !
Think on thy sins .	Think on your sins .
May I be bold To think these spirits ?	Are these spirits we see before us ?
Faith , that was not so well .	It ’ s true , that wasn ’ t such a nice thing to do .
Where am I ?	Where am I ?
Look to your wife ; observe her well with Cassio ; Wear your eye thus , not jealous nor secure .	Look at your wife ; observe her well with Cassio ; Wear your eye like this , not jealous or secure .
What ’ s the matter That you unlace your reputation thus And spend your rich opinion for the name Of a night-brawler ?	What in the world made you risk your reputation like this and become a street brawler ?
Marry , for my part , I think the duke hath lost never a man , but one that is like to be executed for robbing a church , one Bardolph , if your Majesty know the man .	To tell the truth , though , I think the duke hasn ’ t lost a single man , except for one who will probably be executed for robbing a church , one Bardolph — I don ’ t know if your Majesty knows the man .
Tis fit we understand them .	Besides , you ’ re a sponge !
weeping &ket; I am a fool &bra; weeping &ket; I am a fool To weep at what I am glad of .	I am a fool To cry at what I am happy about .
You stand amazed , But be of comfort .	Don ’ t worry about me .
It is not , nor it cannot come to , good .	It is not good and it cannot come to good .
Fill , Lucius , till the wine o 'erswell the cup ; I cannot drink too much of Brutus ' love .	Fill the cup , Lucius , until the wine overflows ; I can ’ t drink too much of Brutus ' friendship .
For he is sure i 'th ’ island .	Because he is surely on the island .
Contemning Rome , he has done all this and more In Alexandria .	In Alexandria he condemned Rome , and that ’ s not all .
We thank your Honor .	We thank your Honor .
In faith , too much ; I find it still when I have list to sleep : Marry , before your ladyship , I grant She puts her tongue a little in her heart And chides with thinking .	By Mary , before your ladyship , I grant , She puts her voice a little in her heart , And scolds by thinking .
I ’ ll court his favors .	I ’ ll be nice to him .
So get you hence in peace .	So go in peace .
I was adored once too .	Someone adored me once , too .
Peace !	Quiet !
I see the business .	I know exactly how to proceed .
Your betters have endured me say my mind , And if you cannot , best you stop your ears .	Better men than you have heard me speak my mind , and if you can ’ t take it , then you ’ d better plug your ears .
Coraggio , bully-monster , If these be true spies which I wear in my head , here ’ s a goodly sight .	If I can believe my eyes , this is a fine sight to see .
I do not think thou canst , for then thou wast not Out three years old .	I don ’ t think you can , because then you weren ’ t Three years old yet .
You would be , sweet madam , if your miseries were in the same abundance as your good fortunes are ; and yet , for aught I see , they are as sick that surfeit with too much , as they that starve with nothing .	You would be , sweet madam , if your miseries were as abundant as your good fortunes are ; and yet , for all I see , they that are sick from over-eating are as sick as those that starve with nothing .
That ’ s not so good .	That ’ s not in her favor .
If I stand here , I saw him .	As sure as I ’ m standing here , I saw him .
The captain — Give it the captain .	The captain — give it to the captain .
Adieu .	Goodbye .
My suit to her Is that she will to virtuous Desdemona Procure me some access .	My request to her Is , that she will manage to get me access To virtuous Desdemona .
You are gentlemen of brave mettle .	You ’ re brave gentlemen .
You shall try but one fall .	You get only one round .
What , Brutus ?	What , even you , Brutus ?
The ancient saying is no heresy .	You know what they say .
Here comes Sir Toby halting .	Here comes Sir Toby , limping .
Well , get thee gone .	Well , you can go now .
A hundred then .	A hundred then .
Pardon me , sweet one , even for the vows We made each other but so late ago .	But please forgive me , darling , for the sake of the vows we made to each other so recently .
Haply in private .	You scolded him in private ?
Chastisement !	Unpunished !
But it would better fit your honor to change your mind .	But you would be more honorable if you changed your mind .
What speech , my good lord ?	Which speech , my lord ?
I bespoke it not .	I didn ’ t order it .
Trinculo , keep a good tongue in your head .	Trinculo , speak politely .
Well , you temporize with the hours .	Just you wait .
What 's Hecuba to him , or he to Hecuba , That he should weep for her ?	What 's Hecuba to him , or he to Hecuba , That he should weep for her ?
So I , being young , till now ripe not to reason .	Likewise , I ’ m young , and my sense of reason has just ripened .
Both wind and tide stays for this gentleman , And I , to blame , have held him here too long .	The wind is right and it ’ s high tide , and I ’ ve delayed him a long time already .
Well , I will hie And so bestow these papers as you bade me .	Well , I ’ ll get going And so deliver these papers as you asked me .
I am feared in field and town .	The people fear me in the country and the town .
How fares your majesty ?	How is your majesty doing ?
If I live to see it , I will never trust his word after .	If I live to see it , I ’ ll never trust his word again .
Witness , you ever-burning lights above , You elements that clip us round about , Witness that here Iago doth give up The execution of his wit , hands , heart , To wronged Othello ’ s service .	Let heaven be my witness — I ’ m putting my mind , my heart , and my hands in Othello ’ s control .
O woeful day !	O sad day !
The day will come that thou shalt wish for me To help thee curse that poisonous bunch-backed toad .	The day will come when you ’ ll wish I could help you cast spells against this poisonous , hunchbacked toad .
Of this discourse we more will hear anon . — Egeus , I will overbear your will .	We ’ ll talk more about this later . — Egeus , I ’ m overriding your wishes .
Disdain and scorn ride sparkling in her eyes , Misprizing what they look on , and her wit Values itself so highly that to her All matter else seems weak .	There is scorn and disdain in her eyes , and those sparkling eyes despise everything they look upon .
This is all .	That ’ s all .
I will seek him , sir , presently , convey the business as I shall find means , and acquaint you withal .	I ’ ll find him right away , sir , and carry out the business as well as I can .
Thanks , good Egeus .	Thanks , good Egeus .
My villainy they have upon record , which I had rather seal with my death than repeat over to my shame .	They ’ ve recorded my crimes , and I would rather die than have to retell this shameful story .
My wife !	My wife !
I do not well understand that .	I don ’ t understand that at all .
You bring me out .	Quiet !
What , are there masques ?	What , there ’ s going to be a masquerade ?
Of whence , I pray ?	Of what city , may I ask ?
Madam , not now .	No , madam .
O valiant cousin !	My brave relative !
But if she cannot love you , sir ?	But if she can ’ t love you , sir ?
Are you not good ?	Well , aren ’ t you a good man ?
I often came where I did hear of her , but cannot find her .	I often came to places where I heard of her , but I cannot find her .
Arise , I say !	Get up , I say .
My cousin Westmoreland ?	My cousin Westmoreland ?
Let every man be master of his time Till seven at night .	Everybody may do as they please until seven o 'clock tonight .
Tis death for anyone in Mantua To come to Padua .	It ’ s a capital offense for anyone from Mantua to come to Padua .
Hail !	Hail !
Here ’ s metal more attractive .	There ’ s a nicer piece of work right here .
I have looked upon the world for four times seven years , and since I could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury I never found man that knew how to love himself .	I ’ ve been alive for twenty-eight years , and I ’ ve never met a man who knew what was good for him .
No , and swears she never will .	No , and she swears she never will .
Send to his brother .	Send a message to his brother .
Yonder , sir , he walks .	Over there , sir , he ’ s walking .
No , pray thee .	No , please .
Good fortune , worthy soldier , and farewell .	Good luck , worthy soldier , and good-bye .
But as yet , I swear , I cannot truly say how I came here .	I swear , at the moment I really couldn ’ t tell you how I ended up here .
I do not like the office .	I don ’ t like what you ’ re asking me to do .
O sir , you are old .	Sir , you ’ re old .
And so they parted .	Then he shook Bassanio ’ s hand affectionately — and they separated .
Are they returned ?	Have they come back ?
I kiss his dirty shoe , and from heartstring I love the lovely bully .	I kiss his dirty shoe , and from the bottom of my heart I love the lovely boy .
She never yet was foolish that was fair ; For even her folly help 'd her to an heir .	She never was still foolish that was beautiful , Because even her folly helped her have an heir .
Never , till Caesar 's three and thirty wounds Be well avenged , or till another Caesar Have added slaughter to the sword of traitors .	Never , until Caesar 's thirty-three wounds Are well avenged , or until another Caesar Has added slaughter to the sword of traitors .
Cousin , thou wast not wont to be so dull .	Cousin , you didn ’ t used to be so thickheaded .
Would it were day !	I wish it were day !
More knocking .	There ’ s more knocking .
My best endeavours shall be done herein .	BASSANIO Please , Leonardo , think about this I ’ ll do my best .
God ’ s will , I pray thee wish not one man more .	In God ’ s name , I beg you not to wish for one more man .
All this is so , but what of this , my lord ?	Yes , that ’ s all true — but what do you mean by it , my lord ?
Therefore be cheered .	So cheer up .
Why , now you speak Like a good child and a true gentleman .	Why , now you speak Like a good child and a true gentleman .
Shall we part , sweet girl ?	Should we part , sweet girl ?
By this sword , he that makes the first thrust , I ’ ll kill him .	By this sword , I ’ ll kill whichever one of you makes the first thrust .
My lord ?	Excuse me ?
But now , my lord .	Just now , my lord .
Your lordship is right welcome back to Denmark .	Welcome back to Denmark , my lord .
Well aimed of such a young one .	You know , you ’ re right .
Well , your imprisonment shall not be long .	Well , your imprisonment won ’ t last long .
The oats have eaten the horses .	They ’ ve eaten themselves sick .
Do you find some occasion to anger Cassio , either by speaking too loud , or tainting his discipline , or from what other course you please , which the time shall more favorably minister .	Find some occasion to make Cassio angry , either by speaking too loud , or insulting his discipline , or from whatever reason you please , which might be suggested by what ’ s happening at the time .
And your reports have set the murder on .	And your lies caused this murder .
There is but one hope in it that can do you any good ; and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither .	There is only one hope in it that can do you any good , and that is only a kind of bastard hope .
But is this law ?	But is this law ?
Be silent .	Be silent .
Now , then , we ’ ll use His countenance for the battle , which being done , Let her who would be rid of him devise His speedy taking off .	I ’ ll use Albany ’ s power and authority for now to win the war , but afterward one of the sisters — whichever one wants to — can get rid of him .
What ’ s he ?	Who ’ s that ?
Peace , ho !	Peace , oh !
How say you , then ?	Okay .
Besides , they have burned and carried away all that was in the king ’ s tent , wherefore the king , most worthily , hath caused every soldier to cut his prisoner ’ s throat .	On top of this , they ’ ve either burned or carried away everything that was in the king ’ s tent .
I need not to be ashamed of your Majesty , praised be God , so long as your Majesty is an honest man .	I needn ’ t be ashamed of your Majesty , God be praised , so long as your Majesty is an honest man .
Fie , for shame !	For shame , for shame !
Here 's our chief guest .	Here 's our chief guest .
Who hath measured the ground ?	Who measured the ground ?
Kind Tyrrel , am I happy in thy news ?	Kind Tyrrel , will your news make me happy ?
Then by your side no bed room me deny .	So let me sleep next to you .
Oh , ’ tish ill done , ’ tish ill done , by my hand , ’ tish ill done .	Oh , it ’ s a disaster , a disaster , by this hand , it ’ s a disaster .
It then draws near the season Wherein the spirit held his wont to walk .	Then it ’ s getting close to the time When the spirit has his habit of walking .
What if I had said I had seen him do you wrong ?	What if I ’ d said I saw him do something to hurt you ?
You could , for a need , study a speech of some dozen or sixteen lines which I would set down and insert in ’ t , could you not ?	By the way , if I were to compose an extra speech of twelve to sixteen lines and stick it into the play , you could learn it by heart for tomorrow , right ?
Poor knave , I blame thee not , thou art o 'erwatch 'd .	Poor knave , I don ’ t blame You ; you ’ ve been wake up too long .
He had , my lord , and when he ran in here , These people saw the chain about his neck .	He did , my lord .
So young , my lord , and true .	So young , my lord , and honest .
He ’ s dead .	He ’ s dead .
Such love must needs be treason in my breast .	Such love must be treason in my breast .
And ere I take this charm from of her sight — As I can take it with another herb — I ’ ll make her render up her page to me .	And before I make her normal again — I can cure her by treating her with another plant — I ’ ll make her give me that little boy as my page .
the boy was the very staff of my age , my very prop .	The boy was the very support of my age , my very prop .
Pretty soul !	Stop , Demetrius !
The Turk with a most mighty preparation makes for Cyprus .	The Turk with very mighty preparation makes for Cyprus .
Pompey Thrives in our idleness .	Pompey is making the most of our absence .
Then let us say , you are sad , Because you are not merry : and ' twere as easy For you to laugh , and leap , and say you are merry , Because you are not sad .	Then let ’ s say you are sad Because you are not happy ; and it ’ s easy to say that Because you laugh and leap and say you are happy , Because you are not sad .
O coward conscience , how dost thou afflict me !	Oh cowardly conscience , how you ’ re torturing me !
Dost thou know me , fellow ?	Do you know me ?
What , dead , my dove ?	What , dead , my dove ?
How know you he loves her ?	How do you know he loves her ?
All this amazement can I qualify When after that the holy rites are ended I ’ ll tell you largely of fair Hero ’ s death .	I can confirm that all these shocking things are true .
Give me a cup of wine .	Give me a cup of wine .
It doth appear you are a worthy judge .	You seem like a good judge .
If I can cross him any way , I bless myself every way .	If there ’ s any way I can spoil his life , I ’ ll be overjoyed .
Madam , I heard her speak .	Madam , I heard her speak .
Then , you conclude , my grandam , he is dead .	So you ’ re admitting Clarence , my father , is dead .
Her name is Margery , indeed : I 'll be sworn , if thou be Launcelot , thou art mine own flesh and blood .	Her name is Margery , indeed : I 'll swear , if you are Launcelot , you are my own flesh and blood .
Relent ?	Relent ?
Now will I question Cassio of Bianca , A huswife that by selling her desires Buys herself bread and clothes .	Now I ’ ll ask Cassio about Bianca , a prostitute who sells her body for food and clothes .
Never .	Never .
Tis very good ; I must be circumstanced .	That ’ s very good ; I must be patient .
There 's wood enough within .	There 's enough wood inside .
Peace !	Peace !
Welcome .	Welcome .
As from your graves rise up , and walk like sprites , To countenance this horror !	Get up from your beds as if you were rising out of your own graves , and walk like ghosts to come witness this horror .
Ha , ha , heard in Genoa .	Ha , ha , heard in Genoa .
If not , to say to thee that I shall die is true , but for thy love , by the Lord , no .	If not , to tell you I will die is true , but not for love , by God .
To plainness honor ’ s bound When majesty falls to folly .	When a majestic king starts acting silly , then it ’ s my duty to be blunt .
He lies tonight within seven leagues of Rome .	He rests tonight within twenty-one miles of Rome .
Do this suddenly , And let not search and inquisition quail To bring again these foolish runaways .	Do this immediately , and don ’ t stop searching and interrogating until you ’ ve brought home these foolish runaways .
Here is the man , this Moor ; whom now , it seems , Your special mandate for the state affairs Hath hither brought .	Here is the man , this Moor ; who now , it seems , Has been brought here by Your special mandate for the state affairs .
Dost thou love pictures ?	Do you like pictures ?
Ay , to a niggardly host and more sparing guest .	Sure , to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest .
Must I endure all this ?	Must I endure all this ?
Be thy mouth or black or white , Do-de , de-de .	Whether your mouth is black or white , Do-dee , dee-dee da .
Look to your house , your daughter , and your bags !	Look at your house , your daughter , and your bags !
They are coming to the play .	They are coming to the play .
When thou dost ask me blessing , I ’ ll kneel down And ask of thee forgiveness .	When you ask for my blessing , I ’ ll get down on my knees and ask you to forgive me .
But if you know not this my manners tell me We have your wrong rebuke .	But if you didn ’ t know about it , then you were wrong to get mad at us .
Twere good you do so much for charity .	It wouldn ’ t hurt you to be charitable .
Oh , widow Dido ?	Oh , except for the widow Dido ?
Faith , her privates we .	Yes , we ’ re the privates in her army .
Whip me such honest knaves .	They ought to be whipped for being so stupid .
Your serpent of Egypt is bred now of your mud by the operation of your sun .	The Egyptian snake is born when the sun shines on the Nile mud , just like the crocodile .
Let floods o 'erswell and fiends for food howl on !	Let rivers flood and fiends howl for food !
Nay , not sure , in a thing falsing .	No , not sure ones when we ’ re talking about something unsure .
Well , I will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours .	If Well , I ’ ll just forget the difficulties of my situation , in order to focus on the happiness of yours .
I know this is a joyful trouble to you , But yet ’ tis one .	I know the burden of hosting him is both an honor and a trouble , but that doesn ’ t mean it ’ s not a trouble just the same .
Why , here begins his morning story right ; These two Antipholuses , these two so like , And these two Dromios , one in semblance — Besides her urging of her wreck at sea — These are the parents to these children , Which accidentally are met together .	These two Antipholuses , who look so alike — and these two Dromios , who seem to have the same face — and her story of being shipwrecked — why , these two are the parents of these children and have been reunited by accident .
From me he got it .	He stole it from me .
O Thou , whose captain I account myself , Look on my forces with a gracious eye .	Oh God , whose side I think I ’ m fighting on , look kindly on my forces .
I shall not look upon his like again .	I ’ ll never see the likes of him again .
But why Stands Macbeth thus amazedly ?	Only why Stands Macbeth in this way amazedly ?
He hath , my lord ; but be you well assured , No more than he 'll unswear .	He has , my lord ; but be well assured , No more than he 'll deny .
My lady is within , sir .	My lady Olivia ’ s inside , sir .
What enterprise , Popillius ?	What endeavor , Popillius ?
I say , remember .	Go ahead .
No , no , no , no !	No , no , no , no !
But for the seventh cause .	But back to that argument you mentioned .
Read thou this challenge .	Read it .
I am very glad to see you , signior .	Very nice to see you , sir .
It is called Wye at Monmouth , but it is out of my prains what is the name of the other river .	The river in Monmouth is called Wye , but the name of the other river has gone out of my head .
Is not your lord honorable without marriage ?	And isn ’ t your husband an honorable man ?
How ?	What !
By your most gracious pardon , I sing but after you .	Pardon me , but I ’ m just repeating what you yourself have said .
Sirs , take up the corse .	Sirs , take up the corpse .
I pitied thee , Took pains to make thee speak , taught thee each hour One thing or other .	I pitied you , worked hard to teach you to speak , and taught you some new thing practically every hour .
Royal Queen !	Your majesty !
But for the stuffing — well , we are all mortal .	Absolutely — he is stuffed , like a dummy .
In the same figure , like the King that 's dead .	It looks just like the dead king !
Yes , one , and in this manner .	Yes , one , and this is how I did it .
If you were civil and knew courtesy , You would not do me thus much injury .	If you were civil and had any manners , You wouldn ’ t insult me so much like this .
Your children shall be kings .	Your children will be kings .
Be assured you may .	Be assured you may .
My lord , the Queen would speak with you , and presently .	My lord , the queen wants to speak with you right now .
I know not if 't be true ; But I for mere suspicion in that kind Will do as if for surety .	I don ’ t know if it is true ; But I will take it as a certainty just because of mere Suspicion in that way .
Let us go .	Let ’ s go .
If thou dost , I shall never love thee after .	If you do , I shall never love you after .
I do remember now .	I understand now .
Lysander , keep thy Hermia ; I will none .	Lysander , keep your Hermia ; I will have none of her .
He sent me word if I said his beard was not cut well , he was in the mind it was .	He sent me word that , whether I liked it or not , he liked it fine .
Why , I have eat none yet .	But I haven ’ t eaten anything yet .
Have you eyes ?	Have you got eyes ?
Would ?	Want ?
If our sport had gone forward , we had all been made men .	If our play had gone forward , we would ’ ve all been made men .
then bid them prepare dinner .	Then bid them prepare dinner .
Not so , my lord .	No , it hasn ’ t , my lord .
Here will we sit and let the sounds of music Creep in our ears .	Let ’ s sit here and let the music fill our ears .
Let none presume To wear an undeservèd dignity .	No one should have an honor he doesn ’ t deserve .
I knew you at the first You were a moveable .	I had you figured for a piece of furniture .
Since he went into France I have been in continual practice .	Since he went to France , I have been in constant practice .
Read the will .	Read the will .
Stanley , look to your wife .	Stanley , pay attention to your wife ’ s doings .
One more , one more ; Be thus when thou art dead , and I will kill thee , And love thee after .	One more , one more ; Be like this when you are dead , and I will kill you , And love you after .
I ’ ll none of it .	I won ’ t take it back .
Contending with the fretful elements .	Struggling with the wind and rain .
Here , my good lord .	Here , my good lord .
Do you not hear me speak ?	Don ’ t you hear me speaking ?
With patience , noble lord , as prisoners must .	With patience , noble lord , as prisoners must .
Would I might But ever see that man !	I wish I could see that man someday !
I pray you , see him presently discharged , For he is bound to sea , and stays but for it .	Please , pay him immediately .
Why do you send so thick ?	Why did you send so many ?
Belike this is a man of that quirk .	This man is probably like that .
But yesterday the word of Caesar might Have stood against the world .	Only yesterday , the word of Caesar might Have stood against the world .
Well moused , Lion !	That ’ s good , Lion !
Fulvia ?	Fulvia ?
He shall pay for him that hath him , and that soundly .	He ’ ll bring a lot of money to the person who owns him , that ’ s for sure .
Turn up on your right hand at the next turning , but , at the next turning of all , on your left ; marry , at the very next turning , turn of no hand , but turn down indirectly to the Jew 's house .	Turn up on your right hand at the next turning , but , at the next turning of all , on your left ; damn it , at the very next turning , turn of no hand , but turn down indirectly to the Jew 's house .
Would I have never Married my daughter there !	I wish I had never Married my daughter there !
Oh , couldst thou speak , That I might hear thee call great Caesar ass Unpolicied !	Oh , if you could speak , I might hear you call Caesar an ass who ’ s been outsmarted !
Tis best to give him way .	It ’ s best just to let him go .
Love looks not with the eyes , but with the mind ; And therefore is wing 'd Cupid painted blind .	Love doesn ’ t look with the eyes , but with the mind ; And that ’ s why Cupid is painted with a blindfold .
How far into the morning is it , lords ?	How late is it , lords ?
What man dost thou dig it for ?	What do you mean , “ in a strange way ” ?
Antony only , that would make his will Lord of his reason .	Only Antony was at fault .
Draws .	Draws .
And in this habit Met I my father with his bleeding rings , Their precious stones new lost , became his guide , Led him , begged for him , saved him from despair .	I became his guide , I led him and begged for him , and kept him from suicide .
I have used thee , Filth as thou art , with human care , and lodged thee In mine own cell , till thou didst seek to violate The honour of my child .	I have used you , Filth as you are , with human care , and let you live In my own dwelling , until you tried to rape My daughter .
No , not an oath .	No , let ’ s not swear an oath .
You have killed a sweet lady , and her death shall fall heavy on you .	You ’ ve killed an innocent woman , and you ’ re going to pay dearly for her death .
Do you amend it , then ; it lies in you .	Then fix it .
Is supper ready , the house trimmed , rushes strewed , cobwebs swept , the servingmen in their new fustian , their white stockings , and every officer his wedding garment on ?	Is supper ready ?
We now are near his cell .	We ’ re near his room now .
The perdition of th ' athversary hath been very great , reasonable great .	The enemy ’ s losses have been very great , pretty substantial .
I swoon almost with fear .	I almost faint with fear .
The lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard .	Lieutenant Cassio will be on guard duty tonight .
Here comes his body , mourned by Mark Antony , who , though he had no hand in his death , shall receive the benefit of his dying , a place in the commonwealth , as which of you shall not ?	Here comes his body , mourned by Mark Antony , who , although he had no hand in his death , shall receive the benefit of his dying , a place in the commonwealth , just as you all will .
And all my children ?	And all my children ?
The king is full of grace and fair regard .	The king is virtuous and kind .
All may be well .	All may be well .
Your plainness and your shortness please me well .	I appreciate your frankness and your brevity .
Informed them ” ?	Informed them ” ?
Go release them , Ariel .	Go release them , Ariel .
Come , bring us , bring us where he is .	Come on , take us to him .
But first I will release the fairy queen .	But first I ’ ll release the fairy queen from the spell .
Nay , we will all of us be there to fetch him .	No , we ’ ll all be there to go get him .
Now the condition .	Now the situation .
When it is paid according to the tenor .	When it is paid according to the terms .
My lord , upon the platform where we watch .	On the platform where we stand guard , sir .
Good e 'en , brother .	Good evening , brother .
Ay , madam .	Yes , madam .
Tis her command .	Those are her orders .
For the love o ' God , peace !	For God ’ s sake , shut up !
Murder !	Murderer !
Nor must not then be yielded to in this .	Then we won ’ t agree to his demands .
Madam , I had rather seal my lips Than to my peril speak that which is not .	Madam , I ’ d rather sew my lips shut than tell a lie when my life depends upon it .
Dear Kate , you and I cannot be confined within the weak list of a country ’ s fashion .	You and I cannot be held within the confines of a country ’ s arbitrary customs , dear Kate .
The world 's a huge thing ; it is a great price For a final vice .	The world 's a huge thing ; it is a great price to pay For a small sin .
Our expectation hath this day an end .	Today our hopes are at an end .
What , with the case of eyes ?	With my eye sockets ?
Will you laugh me asleep , for I am very heavy ?	Will you laugh me asleep , because I am exhausted ?
And since you know you cannot see yourself So well as by reflection , I , your glass , Will modestly discover to yourself That of yourself which you yet know not of .	And since you know you can see yourself best by reflection , I ’ ll be your mirror and show you , without exaggeration , things inside you that you can ’ t see .
I do not bid the thunder-bearer shoot , Nor tell tales of thee to high-judging Jove .	I won ’ t beg the gods to punish you , or caution you to fear their judgment .
How dangerous is it that this man goes loose !	How dangerous is it that this man goes loose !
Three and three , We ’ ll hold a feast in great solemnity .	We three couples will celebrate with a sumptuous feast .
Bring thou the master to the citadel .	And bring the ship ’ s captain to the castle .
Well , Syracusian , say in brief the cause Why thou dep-artedst from thy native home And for what cause thou camest to Ephesus .	Well , Syracusian , tell us – briefly – why you left your hometown and came to Ephesus .
Thy Edward he is dead , that killed my Edward , Thy other Edward dead , to quit my Edward ; Young York , he is but boot , because both they Matched not the high perfection of my loss .	Your son Edward , who stabbed my son Edward , is dead .
Have you any further trade with us ?	Have you any else to tell me ?
Let pity not be believed . ” There she shook The holy water from her heavenly eyes , And clamor moistened .	I can ’ t believe it . ” The tears fell from her eyes like holy water .
There ’ s ne 'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark But he ’ s an arrant knave .	Any villain in Denmark is going to be , well , a villain .
Tis well blown , lads .	That was a fine fanfare , boys .
My books and instruments shall be my company , On them to look and practice by myself .	I ’ ll take comfort in my books and music , reading and practicing my instruments .
Soft , who comes here ?	Wait , who ’ s coming here ?
I am armed and well prepared . — Give me your hand , Bassanio .	I ’ m ready and waiting . — Give me your hand , Bassanio .
Good , speak to th ' mariners .	Come on , men !
Be it so , Lysander .	Let ’ s do that , Lysander .
Come , brother ; away !	Come on , brother !
Bless thy five wits .	Bless your five senses !
The ocean , overpeering of his list , Eats not the flats with more impetuous haste Than young Laertes , in a riotous head , O 'erbears your offices .	The ocean , exceeding of his borders , Doesn ’ t eat the flatlands with more impatient speed Than young Laertes , heading a riot , Takes over your offices .
Nor I in yours Till I again see mine .	And neither will I Until I see mine again .
Be buried quick with her , and so will I.	Be buried quickly with her , and so will I.
gone ?	Gone ?
I do not like the Tower , of any place . — Did Julius Caesar build that place , my lord ?	Of all places , I don ’ t like the
Your hands , come !	Let me shake your hands .
God will revenge it .	God will revenge it .
Banquo !	Banquo !
Marry , if he that writ it had played Pyramus , and hanged himself in Thisbe 's garter , it would have been a fine tragedy .	God , if he who wrote the play had played Pyramus , and hanged himself in Thisbe 's garter , it would have been a fine tragedy .
At mine unworthiness , that dare not offer What I desire to give , and much less take What I shall die to want .	I ’ m crying at how unworthy I am to give you what I want to give you and to take what I ’ m dying to have .
The Queen shall then have courtesy , so she Will yield us up ?	The Queen will be treated fairly if she gives me up ?
I see you all are bent To set against me for your merriment .	I see you all are bent To set against me for your entertainment .
Pray thee , corporal , stay .	Please , corporal , stop !
I pray thee give it me .	Please give it to me .
It is the quality o ' th ' climate .	There must be something in the air here .
My resolution and my hands I ’ ll trust , None about Caesar .	I ’ ll trust my determination and my hands , but none of Caesar ’ s men .
What should we do ?	What should we do ?
And I beseech you come again tomorrow .	And I beg you , please come here again tomorrow .
I would I had your bond , for I perceive A weak bond holds you .	I wish we had a signed legal contract .
Look what is done cannot be now amended .	Whatever has already been done can ’ t be undone now .
Neglected , rather , And then when poisoned hours had bound me up From mine own knowledge .	Your request came at a time when the poisonous effects of reveling caused me to be unaware of my own actions .
The son of Duncan , From whom this tyrant holds the due of birth , Lives in the English court and is received Of the most pious Edward with such grace That the malevolence of fortune nothing Takes from his high respect .	Malcolm , Duncan ’ s son , From whom Macbeth withholds his birthright , Lives in the English court and is received By the most pious King Edward with such grace That the evil twist of fate takes nothing From his high respect .
In your own kingdom , sir .	You ’ re in your own kingdom , sir .
As thick as tale Can post with post , and every one did bear Thy praises in his kingdom ’ s great defense , And poured them down before him .	Messenger after messenger delivered news of your bravery to the king with praise for how you defended his country .
O , fie upon them !	O , damn on them !
Yea , or to paint himself ?	Yes , or to wear cosmetics ?
Tis like the howling of Irish wolves against the moon .	You sound like a pack of wolves howling at the moon .
Why , sir , his hide is so tanned with his trade that a will keep out water a great while ; and your water is a sore decayer of your whoreson dead body .	Why , sir , his hide is so tanned with his trade that he will keep out water a great while , and your water is a sore decayer of your wretched dead body .
No , sir .	No , sir .
O Cassio , whence came this ?	O Cassio , where did you get this ?
For in all the play There is not one word apt , one player fitted .	In the entire play , not one word is well-written , and not one of the actors is right for his part .
No , by this hand .	No , honestly .
Who is it that complains unto the king That I , forsooth , am stern and love them not ?	Which of you has been complaining to the king that I don ’ t like them ?
If not , the Fates with traitors do contrive .	If not , the Fates are on the side of the traitors .
We have lost best half of our affair .	We have lost best half of our attack .
This is Venice ; My house is not a grange .	this is Venice ; My house is not a farm .
I will answer you with gait and entrance .	I will .
O , by your leave , I pray you , I bade you never speak again of him .	Oh , please , I ’ m begging you , don ’ t mention him again .
Awake !	Wake up !
Safe in a ditch he bides , With twenty trenchèd gashes on his head , The least a death to nature .	He ’ s lying dead in a ditch , with twenty deep gashes in his head , any one of which would have been enough to kill him .
This is Signor Antonio .	Oh yes — to smell This is Signor Antonio .
Your answer to that .	Your answer to that .
Or rather , do I not in plainest truth Tell you I do not , nor I cannot , love you ?	Don ’ t I tell you in the clearest terms that I do not and cannot love you ?
Ha ?	Yes ?
Never , my lord .	No , my lord .
Hath homely age th ' alluring beauty took From my poor cheek ?	Has homely old age taken the alluring beauty from my poor cheeks ?
Do so , good Messala .	Do so , good Messala .
Where do I dwell ?	Where do I live ?
How lost you company ?	How did you two get separated ?
Work , work your thoughts , and therein see a siege .	Once there , make your thoughts work harder , and witness a siege .
How if she be black and witty ?	What if she is black and witty ?
Remorseless , treacherous , lecherous , kindless villain !	Remorseless , treacherous , sex-obsessed , unnatural villain !
Amen to that , sweet powers !	Amen to that , sweet powers !
Ay .	Yes .
They see and smell And have their palates both for sweet and sour , As husbands have .	They see , smell , and taste sweet and sour just like their husbands .
Ay me , most wretched , That have my heart parted betwixt two friends That does afflict each other !	I ’ m divided between two friends who are determined to kill each other .
Every hour He flashes into one gross crime or other That sets us all at odds .	Every hour he comes out with some horrible new offense that puts us all on edge .
Adieu !	Goodbye .
I pray you watch about Signior Leonato ’ s door , for the wedding being there tomorrow , there is a great coil tonight .	Watch over Signior Leonato ’ s house ; with the wedding being held there tomorrow , there ’ s a great to-do there tonight .
Strangle her in her bed , even the bed she hath contaminated .	Strangle her in her bed , the same bed she ’ s contaminated .
Murder !	murder !
How chance the king comes with so small a train ?	Tell me , why did the king arrive with such a small entourage ?
I know ’ t — my sister ’ s .	I know it .
Victory sits on our helms .	Victory is with us .
Do you find Your patience so predominant in your nature , That you can let this go ?	Are you so patient that you can let this go ?
I am for it , lieutenant , and I ’ ll do you justice .	I ’ ll drink as much as you do !
Soldiers , sir .	Soldiers , sir .
When the wind is southerly , I know a hawk from a handsaw .	At other times , I know what ’ s what .
Tis too narrow for your mind .	It ’ s too small for your large mind .
What is , my lord ?	What is , my lord ?
Good counsel , marry .	Good advice , indeed .
What meanest thou by that , Malvolio ?	What do you mean by that , Malvolio ?
Now fear I this will give it start again ; Therefore let 's follow .	Now I fear this will make it start all over again , Therefore let 's follow him .
But other of your insolent retinue Do hourly carp and quarrel , breaking forth In rank and not-to-be-endurèd riots .	will damage your reputation with them — and under ordinary circumstances it would be unfortunate to have them see you as an ogre .
With him is Gratiano gone along .	I ’ m sure Lorenzo isn ’ t on their ship .
Nay , by Saint Jamy , I hold you a penny , A horse and a man Is more than one And yet not many .	No , by Saint Jamy , I ’ ll bet you a penny !
What , go you toward the Tower ?	Are you headed to the Tower ?
You show 'd your teeth like apes , and fawn 'd like hounds , And bow 'd like bondmen , kissing Caesar 's feet ; Whilst damned Casca , like a cur , behind Struck Caesar on the neck .	You showed your teeth like apes , and wagged your tails Like hounds , and bowed like slaves , kissing Caesar 's feet ; While damned Casca , like a wild dog , struck Caesar From behind on the neck .
Would I might never O ’ ertake pursued success , but I do feel , By the rebound of yours , a grief that smites My very heart at root .	I hope I never achieve success if I don ’ t feel some of your heartbroken grief right now .
I know he will be glad of our success ; We are the Jasons , we have won the fleece .	I know he will be happy at our success : We are the Jasons , we have won the fleece .
Grant that , and then is death a benefit ; So are we Caesar 's friends that have abridged His time of fearing death .	I agree , and then is death a benefit .
I say a devil .	I say a devil .
We wish your peace .	We wish your peace .
The west yet glimmers with some streaks of day .	There ’ s still a bit of daylight in the sky .
You have heard him swear downright he was .	But you heard him swear up and down that he was .
You jig and amble , and you lisp , you nickname God ’ s creatures and make your wantonness your ignorance .	You dance and prance and lisp ; you call God ’ s creations by pet names , and you excuse your sexpot ploys by pleading ignorance .
Make you a wholesome answer .	Stop fooling around .
Nobody marks you .	No one ’ s listening to you .
Wast thou not charged at peril — Wherefore to Dover ? — Let him first answer that .	Weren ’ t you ordered , on penalty of — Why Dover ? — Let him answer that question first .
Use it for my love some other way than swearing by it .	Don ’ t just swear by it ; put your hand to some use that will prove you love me .
I would have him nine years a-killing .	I wish I could keep killing him for nine years straight .
Be comforted , good madam .	You can relax , ma 'am .
Thoughts speculative their unsure hopes relate , But certain issue strokes must arbitrate ; Towards which , advance the war .	Speculation only tells about their unsure hopes ; Only a certain outcome must settle Which direction the war will take .
Be as your fancies teach you ; Whate 'er you be , I am obedient .	Be as your thoughts teach you ; Whatever you are , I am obedient .
Sir , amen .	Hello , sir .
You think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes .	You seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you wish .
But I can- not choose but weep , to think they would lay him i ' the cold ground .	but I cannot choose but weep , to think they would lay him in the cold ground .
It is a poison tempered by himself .	He mixed that poison himself .
Twere damnation To think so base a thought : it were too gross To rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave .	It ’ s damnation To think such a low thought ; it ’ s too gross Even to be used as her shroud in the obscure grave .
Till then , enough .	Until then , we ’ ve said enough .
The woman falls ; sure , he hath kill 'd his wife .	The woman falls ; surely , he has killed his wife .
Mark Antony , — Pardon me , Caius Cassius .	Mark Antony , — Pardon me , Caius Cassius .
Silence !	Be quiet !
Where may we set our horses ?	Where should we stable our horses ?
I therefore apprehend and do attach thee For an abuser of the world , a practicer Of arts inhibited and out of warrant . — Lay hold upon him .	I therefore arrest and attack you As an abuser of the world , a practitioner Of the forbidden and illegal arts .
I hope , for my brother ’ s justification , he wrote this but as an essay or taste of my virtue .	I hope for my brother ’ s sake that he just wrote it to test my honor .
No matter , since They have left their viands behind , for we have stomachs .	It ’ s all right , since they left their food behind , and we ’ re hungry .
Tut , I like it not .	I don ’ t like it .
The contents , as in part I understand them , are to blame .	The problem is in what the letter says , as far as I can tell .
Alas , good gentleman !	Oh , no , good gentleman !
I ’ ll not meddle with it .	I won ’ t bother with it .
Did he receive you well ?	Did he treat you well when you saw him ?
Tis a world to see , How tame , when men and women are alone , A meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew . — Give me thy hand , Kate .	Give me your hand , Kate .
To take the widow Exasperates , makes mad her sister Goneril , And hardly shall I carry out my side , Her husband being alive .	Goneril would go crazy if I chose Regan , but it would be hard to get in with Goneril while her husband ’ s still alive .
This you should pity rather than despise .	You should pity me for that reason , not hate me .
Who is here so vile that will not love his country ?	Who is here so vile that he will not love his country ?
Call not your stocks for me .	Don ’ t put me in the stocks .
So , so .	So , so .
Their mastiffs are of unmatchable courage .	Their hounds are unequaled in courage .
Alas , my lord , Your wisdom is consumed in confidence .	Alas , my lord , your confidence is getting the better of your wisdom .
If the cat will after kind , So , be sure , will Rosalind .	A cat in heat will look for a mate , And Rosalind certainly will too .
The devil himself could not pronounce a title More hateful to mine ear .	I ’ ll prove with my sword that I ’ m not scared of you .
Let her not say ’ tis I that keep you here .	Don ’ t let her say I kept you .
Nature in you stands on the very verge Of his confine .	Your life is stretched to its limit .
One ?	One ?
So that , dear lords , if I be left behind , A moth of peace , and he go to the war , The rites for which I love him are bereft me , And I a heavy interim shall support By his dear absence .	So much so , dear lords , if I am left behind , A moth of peace , and he goes to the war , The rites for which I love him I am deprived of , And I shall endure a sad interval caused By his dear absence .
Let them be hunted soundly .	Let them be hunted soundly .
I only speak right on .	I just speak directly .
Nay , good lieutenant !	No , don ’ t hit him , lieutenant !
As you are old and reverend , should be wise .	Since you ’ re old and respected , you should be wise .
is ’ t not perfect conscience To quit him with this arm ?	Isn ’ t it completely moral to kill him now with this sword — and an easy conscience ?
Look , how she rubs her hands .	Look how she rubs her hands .
You know that you are Brutus that speaks this , Or , by the gods , this speech were else your last .	Thank your stars that you ’ re Brutus that speaks This way , or , by the gods , this speech would be your last .
You break jests as braggarts do their blades , which , God be thanked , hurt not . — My lord , for your many courtesies I thank you .	The wit you flaunt is like a blunt sword — it can ’ t hurt anyone , thank God . — My lord , I thank you for your many kindnesses .
Good .	Good .
A laughter .	A hearty laugh .
Both of you Know Banquo was your enemy .	Both of you Know Banquo was your enemy .
Jove and my stars be praised !	Thank God and my horoscope !
Fair daylight ?	Is it daytime ?
Is ’ t true ?	Is that true ?
Cannot my Lord Stanley sleep these tedious nights ?	Can ’ t Lord Stanley sleep ?
Or to be naked with her friend in bed An hour or more , not meaning any harm ?	Or to be naked with her friend in bed An hour or more , not meaning any harm ?
Cheerly , cheerly , my hearts !	Look lively , look lively , my good men !
This skull hath lain in the earth three and twenty years .	This skull has been buried three-and-twenty years .
Ring the alarum bell .	Ring the alarm bell .
I will not say so , for fear I should be faced out of my way .	I ’ d say the same thing , but I ’ m afraid I ’ d be faced out of my way .
Wooed me to steal it , but she so loves the token ( For he conjured her she should ever keep it ) That she reserves it evermore about her To kiss and talk to .	But she loves it so much ( since Othello told her she should always keep it with her ) that she always keeps it near her to kiss it and talk to it .
I have many enemies in Orsino ’ s court , Else would I very shortly see thee there .	If I didn ’ t have so many enemies in Orsino ’ s court , I ’ d go join you there .
I do not like thy look , I promise thee .	I swear , I don ’ t like the look of you .
If I do prove her haggard , Though that her jesses were my dear heartstrings , I 'ld whistle her off and let her down the wind To prey at fortune .	If I prove her unfaithful , Although that her leashes were my dear heartstrings , I 'd suddenly go away , and let her follow the wind To plunder fortune .
At supper ?	At supper !
O heavenly powers !	O heavenly powers !
Are you of good or evil ?	Are you good or evil ?
And prompt me , plain and holy innocence !	And prompt me , plain and holy innocence !
No more of drowning , do you hear ?	No more talk about killing yourself , okay ?
God help the noble Claudio !	God help Claudio !
Farewell ; and if my fortune be not cross 'd , I have a father , you a daughter , lost .	Goodbye ; and , if my fortune is not crossed , I have lost a father , and you a daughter .
What fool is this ?	Who is this fool ?
Let me shun that .	I want to avoid that .
Now he begins the story .	Now he ’ s telling the story .
Very good .	Good .
Like a drowned man , a fool and a madman .	He ’ s a fool , a madman , and a drowned man .
Not know my voice !	You don ’ t know my voice ?
Adieu .	Goodbye .
I pray you , give me leave .	Please remember , love .
Come , recreant , come , thou child ; I 'll whip thee with a rod .	Come on , lazy loafer ; come on , you child ; I 'll whip you with a rod .
All the world desires her .	The whole world wants her .
Then I , and you , and all of us fell down , Whilst bloody treason flourished over us .	Then you and I and all of us fell down , while bloody treason triumphed .
I could find in my heart to beat him — Come , kiss .	I could find it in my heart to beat him , — Come , kiss .
The strings , my lord , are false .	Claudio !
Nor ever heard , nor ever did suspect .	Not ever heard , or ever suspected .
And wakes it now , to look so green and pale At what it did so freely ?	And does it wake up now , hung over From what it so freely committed to ?
We shall , my liege .	We shall , my liege .
If thou pleasest not , I yield thee up my life .	If not , you can kill me .
And , good night , sweet friend .	Stay away for now , and good night , my sweet friend .
False face must hide what the false heart doth know .	Hide with a false pleasant face what you know in your false , evil heart .
I pray you , after the lieutenant ; go .	I pray you , go after the lieutenant .
Where 's your master ?	Where 's your master ?
What , shall one of us , That struck the foremost man of all this world But for supporting robbers , shall we now Contaminate our fingers with base bribes And sell the mighty space of our large honors For so much trash as may be grasped thus ?	Shall one of us Who killed the most important man in all this world Just to support robbers , — shall we now Contaminate our fingers with lowly bribes And sell the mighty positions of our great honors For so much trash as may be grabbed like this ?
Whose grave 's this , sir- rah ?	Whose grave is this , sir ?
My services , which I have done the signiory , Shall out-tongue his complaints .	My services that I have done for the signiory Shall out-shout his complaints .
Thy mother ’ s poisoned .	Your mother ’ s been poisoned .
This I ’ ll report , dear lady .	I ’ ll tell him all of this , dear lady .
Banquo !	Banquo !
O these deliberate fools !	Oh , these fools !
I 'll play this bout first ; set it by awhile .	I ’ ll play this bout first , put it aside a while .
Signior Montano , Your trusty and most valiant servitor , With his free duty recommends you thus , And prays you to believe him .	Signor Montano , your brave and loyal servant , gives you this information and asks you to send reinforcements to relieve him .
Here comes a messenger .	Here comes a messenger .
A very handsome man .	A very handsome man .
Madam , it so fell out , that certain players We o 'erraught on the way .	Madam , some actors happened to cross our paths on the way here .
He is already named and gone to Scone To be invested .	He has already been named king and has left for Scone to be crowned .
Goes Fleance with you ?	Is Fleance going with you ?
I thought thy heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion .	I thought your heart had been wounded by a lion ’ s claws .
What ?	What !
All ?	All ?
For all , our thanks .	To all , our thanks .
Tis time to part .	It ’ s time to leave .
And , being men , bearing the will of Caesar , It will inflame you , it will make you mad .	And , being men , the contents of Caesar ’ s will would enrage you .
Look to the lady .	Look to the lady .
There comes an old man and his three sons — I could match this beginning with an old tale .	There comes an old man with his three sons — It sounds like the beginning of an old folktale .
If we , with thrice such powers left at home , Cannot defend our own doors from the dog , Let us be worried , and our nation lose The name of hardiness and policy .	If we cannot defend our country with three times such a power left at home , then we deserve to be harassed by an invader and lose our reputation as a powerful and politically savvy nation .
Who riseth from a feast With that keen appetite that he sits down ?	Who gets up from a meal with the same appetite he had when he sat down ?
And so adieu , good madam .	So goodbye , my lady .
For England his approaches makes as fierce As waters to the sucking of a gulf .	The king of England ’ s approach is as forceful as a whirlpool .
Self-harming jealousy , fie , beat it hence .	Drive it out of you .
Hear me a word , For I shall never speak to thee again .	I ’ ll never speak to you again .
Since Cassius first did whet me against Caesar , I have not slept .	I haven ’ t slept since Cassius first began to turn me against Caesar .
No , no , by God ’ s good grace , his son shall reign .	No , no , with God ’ s help , his son will be king .
No , nor I neither , but most wonderful that she should so dote on Signor Benedick , whom she hath in all outward behaviors seemed ever to abhor .	But how wonderful that she should be so fond of Signior Benedick , whom she has always appeared to hate .
Let us do so , for we are at the stake , And bay 'd about with many enemies ; And some that smile have in their hearts , I fear , Millions of mischiefs .	Let ’ s do so , because we are on trial , And surrounded by many enemies , And some that have smiles in their hearts , I ’ m afraid , Are capable of millions of evil deeds .
What a blow was there given !	What a hard blow that was !
You do mistake your business .	You ’ re mistaken .
You told a lie , an odious , damned lie ; Upon my soul , a lie , a wicked lie !	You told a lie ; an stinking , damned lie ; On my soul , a lie ; a wicked lie .
Go on ; I 'll follow thee .	Go on , I ’ ll follow you .
Ha , ha !	Ha , ha !
Do I speak you fair ?	Do I talk to you sweetly ?
By heaven , I ’ ll make a ghost of him that lets me .	I swear , if anyone holds me back , I ’ ll make a ghost of him !
Well , let them rest . — Come hither , Catesby .	Well , enough about them . — Come here , Catesby .
O , ' tis too true !	O , it is too true !
What cheer ?	Hurry , hurry !
And I would I could find in my heart that I had not a hard heart , for truly I love none .	It ’ s too bad I ’ m so hard-hearted , because I really don ’ t love anyone .
Go a little before .	Walk a little before me .
My plenteous joys , Wanton in fullness , seek to hide themselves In drops of sorrow .	My generous welcomes , Childishly cruel in being so perfect , seek to hide themselves In tears .
who has put in ?	Who has put in ?
By God ’ s sonties , ’ twill be a hard way to hit .	Good heavens , those are difficult directions .
O Love , be moderate .	Oh , love !
You see her eyes are open .	You see , her eyes are open .
And I as I love Hastings with my heart .	And I love Hastings with all my heart .
An they be not , let them hang themselves in their own straps .	If they aren ’ t , they can go hang themselves by their own laces !
I will resolve you herein presently .	I ’ ll let you know my answer shortly .
Here , madam , at your service .	At your service , madam .
Good day to both of you .	Good day to both of you .
Myself have letters of the selfsame tenor .	I have received letters that say the same .
Let me but meet you ladies one hour hence , And I ’ ll salute your Grace of York as mother And reverend looker-on , of two fair queens .	In just an hour from now , Duchess of York , I ’ ll be saluting you as the mother of two beautiful queens .
You are a fool .	You ’ re a fool .
I am sorry for thee , friend .	I ’ m sorry , my friend .
Are not Those in commission yet return 'd ?	Haven ’ t Those in charge of it returned yet ?
The power of Caesar , and His power unto Octavia .	He has both my power and my influence over Octavia .
What noise is that ?	God bless you .
But that you do not love me .	But it ’ s that you don ’ t love me .
I prithee , tell me who is it quickly , and speak apace .	I ’ m begging you , tell me who it is quickly , and speak fast .
You must call forth the watch that are their accusers .	First , you have to speak to the watchmen who accused them .
No more !	No more .
Touch me not so near .	You ’ re hitting close to home there .
Ay me , it is my husband .	Oh , my , it ’ s my husband .
Ay , I praise God , and I have merited some love at his hands .	Yes , God be praised , I have managed to earn his favor .
Here is everything advantageous to life .	This island contains everything beneficial to life .
To our shores Throng many doubtful hollow-hearted friends , Unarmed and unresolved to beat them back .	Many former friends of ours have gathered to meet the fleet and aren ’ t willing to beat it back .
Ready , so please your grace .	Yes , sir , I ’ m here .
And ere I take this charm from off her sight , As I can take it with another herb , I 'll make her render up her page to me .	And before I remove this charm from her sight — Because I have another herb that is the antidote — I 'll make her give that boy to me .
What rein can hold licentious wickedness When down the hill he holds his fierce career ?	What power can rein in promiscuous evil once it ’ s gotten rolling ?
Sweet marjoram .	Sweet marjoram .
It did come to his hands , and commands shall be executed .	It was addressed to him , and orders must be obeyed .
Go and say We purpose her no shame .	Tell her we mean her no disrespect .
The king , sir , hath wagered with him six Barbary horses , against the which he has impawned , as I take it , six French rapiers and poniards with their assigns — as girdle , hangers , and so .	The king has bet six Barbary horses , and he has prepared six French rapiers and daggers with all their accessories .
You shall confess that you are both deceived .	You ’ ll see that you ’ re both wrong .
None , Brutus , none .	No one , Brutus , no one .
What impossible matter will he make easy next ?	What miracle will he work next ?
My dagger , little cousin ?	My dagger , little nephew ?
In food , in sport , and life-preserving rest To be disturbed , would mad or man or beast .	Ruining his meals , his enjoyment , and his sleep would drive any man or beast mad .
Here he comes .	Here he comes .
Why , he ’ s a devil , a devil , a very fiend .	No , he ’ s a devil — a devil , I tell you !
I am bound to the Count Orsino ’ s court .	I ’ m going to Count Orsino ’ s court .
A countenance more in sorrow than in anger .	His face showed more sorrow than anger .
I wish mine eyes Would , with themselves , shut up my thoughts : I find They are inclined to do so .	I wish my eyes Would shut up my thoughts by closing : I think They want to do so .
How can that be , when you have the voice of the King himself for your succession in Denmark ?	How can that be , when the king himself says you will succeed him to the throne in Denmark ?
what have we here ?	what have we here ?
If it shall please you to make me a wholesome answer , I will do your mother ’ s commandment .	If you could please stop fooling around , I ’ ll tell you what your mother wants .
In spite of your heart , I think .	You love me in spite of your heart , I think .
Let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him .	Let us be united in our revenge against him .
Not we .	Not us .
Good sir , to the purpose .	Sir , let ’ s get to the point .
They load Caliban with the apparel &ket; &bra; They load Caliban with the apparel &ket; Hey , Mountain , hey !	Hey , Mountain , hey !
So turns she every man the wrong side out And never gives to truth and virtue that Which simpleness and merit purchaseth .	And so she turns men inside out and never acknowledges the integrity and merit that a man has .
He left behind him myself and a sister , both born in an hour .	He left behind myself and my twin sister , who was born in the same hour as me .
Ourselves we do not owe .	We human beings don ’ t control our own destinies .
Alas , I sent you money to redeem you By Dromio here , who came in haste for it .	I gave it to Dromio , who rushed in for it .
Madness in great ones must not unwatch 'd go .	Craziness in great ones must not go unwatched .
Read the will !	Read the will !
Cheer your heart .	Cheer yourself .
Ay , marry , I 'll be gone about it straight .	Yes , damn it , I 'll be taking care of it right away .
The cess of majesty Dies not alone , but like a gulf doth draw What 's near it with it .	The government of a King Dies with him , but draws what 's near it with it , like a gulf .
Lo , yonder , and Titinius mourning it .	Over there , where Titinius mourns it .
The king , the king ’ s to blame .	The king , the king ’ s to blame .
At a word , I am not .	No , really , I ’ m not .
I pray thee , bear my former answer back .	Be good enough to take back the same answer I gave before .
This night — wherein the cub-drawn bear would couch , The lion and the belly-pinchèd wolf Keep their fur dry — unbonneted he runs , And bids what will take all .	He ’ s running bareheaded , calling for the end of the world , out there on a night like this , when even savage animals ravenous with hunger crawl under cover and hide .
As good cause as one would desire .	As good a reason as any .
But thus , I trust , you will not marry her .	But surely you ’ re not planning to
Away , you Ethiope !	Away , you black giant !
How , my pretty York ?	What would you have said , my young York ?
This is old .	That ’ s old news .
Nay , good , be patient .	Don ’ t get wound up , my good man .
Thou marvell 'st at my words , but hold thee still : Things bad begun make strong themselves by ill .	Things that are bad make strong themselves by ill .
O Rome , I make thee promise , If the redress will follow , thou receivest Thy full petition at the hand of Brutus !	O Rome , I promise you , If revenge follows , you will receive Everything you ask for at the hand of Brutus !
No .	No .
The people ' twixt Philippi and this ground Do stand but in a forced affection , For they have grudged us contribution .	The people between Philippi and this field Are only our friends because we force them to , Because they are unwilling to give us support .
Let ’ s draw our weapons .	Let ’ s draw our own swords too .
Uncharitably with me have you dealt , And shamefully my hopes by you are butchered .	Stop — if you can ’ t be kind , at least have some shame .
If I cut my finger , I shall make bold with you . — Your name , honest gentleman ?	If I cut my finger , I ’ ll use you as a bandage to stop the bleeding . — And your name , sir ?
Go , prick thy face and over-red thy fear , Thou lily-livered boy .	Go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face , you cowardly boy .
Tis a subject for a sovereign to reason on , and for a sovereign ’ s sovereign to ride on , and for the world , familiar to us and unknown , to lay apart their particular functions and wonder at him .	He is a subject for a king to contemplate , and for a king ’ s king to ride on , and for the world at large — both friend and stranger — to stop whatever they are doing and marvel at .
Where be these bloody thieves ?	Where are these bloody thieves ?
Friends , begone .	Friends , go .
How came you to this ?	How did you learn about this ?
Poor Tom hath been scared out of his good wits .	Poor Tom has been scared out of his mind .
Ebbing men indeed Most often do so near the bottom run By their own fear or sloth .	Lazy people end up at the bottom , and you deserve to be at the top .
Anon !	In a minute !
Dost thou hear , my honest friend ?	Do you hear , my friend ?
Oh , sweet England !	Oh , sweet England !
swagger ?	swagger ?
That ’ s all .	That ’ s all I wanted to know .
Nay , good , be patient .	No , good man , be patient .
It is very true .	It ’ s true .
I have sent to bid Cassio come speak with you .	I sent for Cassio to come talk with you .
The enemy , marching along by them , By them shall make a fuller number up , Come on refresh 'd , new-added , and encouraged ; From which advantage shall we cut him off If at Philippi we do face him there , These people at our back .	The enemy , marching along with them , Will increase their numbers with them , and Attack refreshed , reinforced , and encouraged ; We shall cut him off from that advantage , If we face him at Philippi , with These people behind us .
You may be rightly just , Whatever I shall think .	You may really be honest , no matter what I think .
Gentle lady , When I did first impart my love to you , I freely told you , all the wealth I had Ran in my veins .	My darling , when I gave my love to you , I told you that all the wealth I had ran within my veins — that I have noble blood , but no money .
How now , lady ?	What do you mean , lady ?
I 'll bear him no more sticks , but follow thee , Thou wondrous man .	I 'll carry no more sticks for him , but follow you , You amazing man .
For Monsieur Malvolio , let me alone with him .	As for Monsieur Malvolio , let me take care of him .
But it sufficeth that the day will end , And then the end is known . — Come , ho !	But it ’ s enough to know that the day will end , and then the end will be known .
It did bass my trespass .	It sang about my crimes .
Any bar , any cross , any impediment will be med 'cinable to me .	Any obstacle or barrier to Claudio ’ s happiness will be like medicine to me .
Give me your hand first .	Give me your hand , first .
Saddle my horses .	Saddle up my horses .
That 's not an office for a friend , my lord .	That 's not a job for a friend , my lord .
Do it , England ; For like the hectic in my blood he rages , And thou must cure me .	Do it , England , Because , he rages like the pace of my blood , And you must cure me .
If he were dead , what would betide on me ?	Then you ’ ll be able to cheer If he were dead , what would happen to me ?
What will this do ?	What will this do ?
Therefore , good Brutus , be prepared to hear .	I ’ ll tell you , good Brutus .
Here is your husband , like a mildew 'd ear Blasting his wholesome brother .	Here is your husband , like a mildewed ear of corn Poisoning his wholesome brother .
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round ” — I pray you , tell me what you meant by that .	He who is dizzy thinks the world is spinning ” — please , tell me what you meant by that .
We coted them on the way , and hither are they com- ing to offer you service .	We passed them on the way , and they are coming here to perform .
Ay , madam .	Yes , ma 'am .
Heavens rain grace On that which breeds between ’ em !	Heavens rain grace On that which grows between them !
On thy life I charge thee , hold !	I order you to stop !
But what trade art thou ?	But what ’ s your trade ?
Shame itself !	Shame on you !
Though I look old , yet I am strong and lusty , For in my youth I never did apply Hot and rebellious liquors in my blood Nor did not with unbashful forehead woo The means of weakness and debility .	I know I may be old , but I ’ m strong and healthy , because in my youth I never drank nor lived recklessly .
Fear not , my lord ; your servant shall do so .	You have nothing to be afraid of , my lord ; I ’ ll do it .
You have astonished him .	You ’ ve stunned him .
How if I answer no ?	What if I say no ?
Why sinks that cauldron ?	Why is that cauldron sinking ?
Poor souls , they perished .	The poor people died .
Then murder ' s out of tune , And sweet revenge grows harsh .	Then murder 's out of tune , And sweet revenge grows harsh .
Thou art a boil , A plague-sore or embossèd carbuncle In my corrupted blood .	You ’ re a pustule , a sore , a tumor digesting my bloodline .
Stay , dog , for thou shalt hear me .	Don ’ t move , dog .
I have a journey , sir , shortly to go .	I will have to go on a journey to death soon , sir .
These are but wild and whirling words , my lord .	You ’ re talking in such a crazy way , sir .
You mock me , sir .	You ’ re making fun of me .
I would I had thy inches .	I wish I were as big and strong as you .
Peaseblossom .	Peasblossom .
Your brother Gloucester hates you .	Richard , the duke of Gloucester , hates you .
A sleeve ?	A sleeve ?
Oh , that record is lively in my soul !	Oh , I remember that very clearly !
Nay , I shall ne 'er be ware of mine own wit till I break my shins against it .	Nah , I ’ ll never be aware of my own wit , until I break my shins on it .
If I know this , know all the world besides , That part of tyranny that I do bear I can shake off at pleasure .	Let everyone beware : I can shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever I choose .
Why , now , blow and , swell billow , and swim bark !	Why , now , blow wind , swell seas , and swim ships !
Dead .	Dead .
Yet I have not seen So likely an ambassador of love .	I haven ’ t seen such a promising candidate for your love .
Adieu .	Goodbye .
My masters , are you mad ?	Are you all crazy ?
Then I beat my tabor , At which , like unbacked colts , they pricked their ears , Advanced their eyelids , lifted up their noses As they smelt music .	Then I beat my drum , at which point they pricked up their ears and opened their eyes , looking around for the source of my music .
Have I not heard great ordnance in the field , And heaven ’ s artillery thunder in the skies ?	I , who have heard the rumble of guns in battle — and thunder in the sky ( heaven ’ s version of artillery ) .
O Tranio , till I found it to be true , I never thought it possible or likely .	Oh , Tranio , until it happened to me , I never would have thought it possible .
I 'll see it done .	I 'll see it is done .
Speak within door .	Speak behind the door .
What would you with her , sir ?	What do you want with her , sir ?
What will you do with 't , that you have been so earnest To have me filch it ?	What will you do with it , that you have been so eager For me to steal it ?
I know not which is which .	I can ’ t tell who ’ s who .
Believe me , I am not .	Believe me , I ’ m not .
Ay , marry , wast , and he put it by thrice , every time gentler than other , and at every putting by mine honest neighbors shouted .	Yes , damn it , it was , and he pushed it aside three times , Every time more gently than the last , and at each pushing aside , My honest neighbors shouted .
Good my lord , enter here .	My lord , here is the entrance .
March on , march on , since we are up in arms , If not to fight with foreign enemies , Yet to beat down these rebels here at home .	Even if we don ’ t fight foreign enemies , we ’ ll beat down these rebels at home .
Three kings I had newly feasted , and did want Of what I was i ’ th ’ morning .	I was not myself , as a result of the wine .
What hath he said ?	What has he said ?
What handkerchief ?	What handkerchief ?
We are enough yet living in the field To smother up the English in our throngs , If any order might be thought upon .	There are enough of us still alive in the field to overcome the English with our numbers if we could just restore some kind of order .
Gertrude , do not drink .	Gertrude , don ’ t drink that .
And you too , sir .	Hello , sir .
Will you yield and this avoid Or , guilty in defense , be thus destroyed ?	Will you surrender and avoid all this or be called to account for the destruction of this town ?
My cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart .	Look , my cousin is whispering to Claudio that she loves him .
The poor monster 's my subject , and he shall not suffer indignity .	The poor monster 's my subject , and he shall not suffer indignity .
For our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers , Which is both healthful and good husbandry .	In our case , our bad neighbors over their make us early risers , a healthy and sensible thing to be .
Good Margaret , run thee to the parlor .	Margaret , run into the sitting room .
Out upon her !	Damn her !
O thou dull Moor !	O you stupid Moor !
But to the quick o ' the ulcer !	But to the heart of the matter .
Tis hot , it smokes .	It ’ s still warm from the cut .
Is it possible ?	Is it possible ?
Whiles we stood here securing your repose , Even now , we heard a hollow burst of bellowing Like bulls , or rather lions .	While we were here guarding you as you slept , we heard a loud roar that sounded like bulls , or lions .
So , so , so , so !	So , so , so , so !
I cry you gentle pardon ; These bloody accidents must excuse my manners , That so neglected you .	I beg your gentle pardon ; These bloody accidents must excuse my manners , That so neglected you .
Behold this man .	Look at this man .
How fares our cousin Hamlet ?	So how ’ s my nephew Hamlet doing ?
Here comes Baptista .	He gives BIONDELLO Here comes Baptista .
He , he , ’ tis he .	It ’ s him , it ’ s him .
Ready .	Ready .
His letter there Will show you his estate .	His letter will tell you how he ’ s doing .
To prayers , to prayers !	Say your prayers ; say your prayers !
Touched you the bastardy of Edward ’ s children ?	Did you mention that Edward ’ s children are bastards ?
The love that follows us sometime is our trouble , Which still we thank as love .	The love that follows us sometimes is our trouble , Which are still grateful for as love .
I am transformèd , master , am I not ?	I ’ ve been transformed somehow , haven ’ t I , master ?
My best way is to creep under his gaberdine .	The best thing to do is crawl under his cloak .
come , prepare !	Come , get ready .
Next month with us .	Next month he ’ ll stay with us .
Cry “ holla ” to thy tongue , I prithee .	Cry , “ whoa ! ” to your tongue , please .
Get thee gone , but do it .	Go , but do it .
How do you , madam ?	How are you , madam ?
The devil speaks in him .	The devil speaks in him .
I think he be transformed into a beast , For I can nowhere find him like a man .	I think he must have turned into an animal , because I can ’ t find him anywhere looking like a man .
Here is more news .	Here ’ s some more news coming in .
Then is there mirth in heaven When earthly things , made even , Atone together .	There is laughter in heaven When earthly affairs are put right And people unite .
I will ask him for my place again ; he shall tell me I am a drunkard !	I ’ ll ask him for my job back ; he ’ ll tell me I am a drunkard !
But for your words , they rob the Hybla bees And leave them honeyless .	But your words are as sweet as honey — you ’ ve stolen from the bees and left them with nothing .
Are you of good or evil ?	are you of good or evil ?
You have lost no reputation at all unless you repute yourself such a loser .	You haven ’ t lost it unless you think you have .
Moon and stars !	By the moon and stars !
His grace looks cheerfully and smooth this morning .	Richard is looking cheerful today .
Brutus shall lead , and we will grace his heels With the most boldest and best hearts of Rome .	Brutus will lead , and we ’ ll follow him with the boldest and best hearts of Rome .
Thy business ?	What ’ s your business ?
Art thou learned ?	Are you educated ?
Who has a breast so pure , But some uncleanly apprehensions Keep leets and lawdays , and in session sit With meditations lawful ?	Who has a breast so pure That some unclean thoughts Keep court records and legal holidays , and sit in session With lawful deliberations ?
No more a soldier .	I won ’ t be a soldier anymore .
I rather will subject me to the malice Of a diverted blood and bloody brother .	I ’ d rather give myself up to the hatred of a violent brother who refuses to recognize that we are brothers .
And for my means , I 'll husband them so well , They shall go far with little .	And I ’ ll use my methods so well , That they shall go far with little effort .
Ay , master .	Yes , sir .
Away with him .	Take him away .
Who is 't you mean ?	Who is it you mean ?
I know this , and thus I challenge it .	Well , I recognize this one Good God !
Does she so ?	Does she ?
I wonder none of you have thought of him .	I wonder why none of you ’ ve thought about him .
Where is Duncan ’ s body ?	Where is Duncan ’ s body ?
Therefore be out of hope , of question , of doubt .	So stop hoping and wondering what I mean .
Or else it stood upon the choice of friends — O hell , to choose love by another ’ s eyes !	Or else their guardians and advisors said no — What hell , to have your love life determined by someone else !
I am sure , sweet Kate , this kindness merits thanks .	I am sure , sweet Kate , this kindness deserves thanks .
The feast is sold That is not often vouch 'd , while ’ tis a-making , ’ Tis given with welcome .	A good dinner for guests is more like One that ’ s bought rather than given , if the host doesn ’ t make frequent toasts .
I have brought him a present .	I ’ ve brought him a present .
I 'th ’ name of something holy sir , why stand you In this strange stare ?	In the name of something holy , sir , why stand you here In this strange stare ?
I speak in understanding .	I know what I ’ m talking about .
Demetrius and Egeus , go along ; I must employ you in some business Against our nuptial , and confer with you Of something nearly that concerns yourselves .	Demetrius and Egeus , go ahead ; I must ask you to do a few things about the wedding , And meet with you about some issues that affect you .
As from a bear a man would run for life , So fly I from her that would be my wife .	I ’ ll run from this woman who claims to be my wife as fast as I ’ d run from a bear .
Be it so , I do desire no more .	I don ’ t desire any more .
Huntsman , I charge thee , tender well my hounds .	Huntsman , look after my hounds .
But I do see you ’ re moved .	But I see you ’ re troubled .
Stand fast together , lest some friend of Caesar 's Should chance — Talk not of standing .	Stand together solidly , for fear that some friend of Caesar 's Should happen — Don ’ t talk about standing . — Publius , good cheer !
What would my lord , but that he may not have , Wherein Olivia may seem serviceable ?	What can I give you that you want , my lord , except the one thing you can ’ t have ?
Why , now , as fast as she can marry us .	Right now ; as fast as she can say the vows .
Then let your servants bring my husband forth .	Then have your servants bring him out .
Thou wouldst make a good fool .	You ’ d make a good fool .
What had he done to make him fly the land ?	What did he do that made him flee this land ?
For the law of writ and the liberty , these are the only men .	For the law of writ and the liberty , these are the only men .
So is the fame .	That ’ s what I hear .
Her length of sickness , with what else more serious Importeth thee to know , this bears .	In this letter you ’ ll find details of her illness and other , more serious matters that concern you .
The mighty gods defend thee !	The mighty gods defend you !
Up with my tent ! — Here will I lie tonight .	I ’ ll lie here tonight .
All men I hope live so .	I ’ d like to think all men have some hope .
He ’ ll say ’ twas done cowardly , when he wakes .	When he wakes up !
Arrest him , officer .	Arrest me if you dare .
Fear not my government .	Don ’ t be afraid of what I think .
Upon what ground ?	On what grounds ?
And for three months .	For three months .
So , let me hear you speak .	So let me hear what you have to say .
Lights , lights , lights !	Lights , lights , get us some lights !
I know that we shall have him well to friend .	I know that he ’ ll be on our side .
I hope now thou art not drowned .	I hope now you aren ’ t drowned .
No .	No .
No , not an oath .	No , not an oath .
But shall 't be shortly ?	But shall it be soon ?
Do all men kill the things they do not love ?	Do all men kill the things they don ’ t love ?
He found it then ; I never gave it him .	He found it then ; I never gave it to him .
Sweet bodements , good !	Sweet predictions , good !
But wilt thou hear me how I did proceed ?	But will you listen to how I proceeded ?
Folded the writ up in form of th ' other , Subscribed it , gave ’ t th ' impression , placed it safely , The changeling never known .	I folded up the new document , signed it , sealed it , and put it safely back so that no one noticed any difference .
Witness you That he is borne about invisible .	Look , he can become invisible .
Give order to my servants that they take No note at all of our being absent hence . — Nor you , Lorenzo . — Jessica , nor you .	Tell my servants not to mention that we were gone .
I have a wife , whom I protest I love .	I have a wife I love .
Let me go with you .	Let me go with you .
Sir , I never loved you much , but I ha ’ praised ye When you have well deserved ten times as much As I have said you did .	Sir , I wouldn ’ t say I was your friend , but I ’ ve praised you when you deserved ten times more praise than I gave .
I chose her when I could not ask my father For his advice , nor thought I had one .	I chose her for my wife when I thought I had no father to ask advice of .
But thou with mildness entertain ’ st thy wooers , With gentle conference , soft and affable .	No , you entertain your suitors with mild and gentle conversation , quiet and pleasant .
You see an ass-head of your own , do you ?	You see an donkey-head of your own , do you ?
And I remember the kissing of her batler , and the cow ’ s dugs that her pretty chopped hands had milked .	I remember kissing her washing stick and the cow ’ s udders that her pretty , chapped hands had milked .
O , come in , equivocator .	O , come in , liar .
No ?	No ?
He ’ s a conspirator .	He ’ s a conspirator .
Do so , good Messala .	Do so , good Messala .
Let her come in .	Let her come in .
Stand from the body .	Stand away from the body .
I did , my lord , And I have reason for it .	I did , my lord , And I have reason for it .
No , uncle , but our crosses on the way Have made it tedious , wearisome , and heavy .	It wasn ’ t the journey itself , uncle , but the troubles we encountered that made it wearisome and dull .
O Clitus !	O Clitus !
I would not be mad .	I don ’ t want to go mad .
Oh , what a rogue and peasant slave am I !	Oh , what a mean low-life I am !
Here 's fine revolution , and we had the trick to see 't .	Here 's fine turnaround , if we were able to see it .
Hear you aught of her in yours ?	Have you heard something of her in your letters ?
Here comes young Master Ganymede , my new mistress ’ s brother .	Here comes young Mr. Ganymede , my new mistress ’ s brother .
O wall , full often hast thou heard my moans , For parting my fair Pyramus and me !	Oh wall , you have heard my moans very often , For separating my fair Pyramus and me .
As he was fortunate , I rejoice at it .	I rejoice in his good fortune .
Let us hear what Antony can say .	Let ’ s hear what Antony can say .
How now , how now ?	What ’ s wrong ?
O , what a noble mind is here o 'erthrown !	O , what a noble mind here is conquered !
What will you do with ’ t , that you have been so earnest To have me filch it ?	And what are you going to do with it ?
Save thee , friend , and thy music .	God bless you , my friend , and your music too .
Why , man , they did make love to this employment !	Why , man , they did make love to this job .
The concavities of it is not sufficient , for , look you , th ' athversary , you may discuss unto the duke , look you , is digt himself four yard under the countermines .	For the enemy , see — and you can explain this to the duke , see — has dug its own tunnels four yards below ours .
Here ’ s a maze trod indeed Through forthrights and meanders .	We ’ re wandering in a maze .
Puppet ” ?	Puppet ” ?
Come now , keep thine oath .	Come now , keep your oath .
I know not if ’ t be true , But I , for mere suspicion in that kind , Will do as if for surety .	I ’ m not sure it ’ s true , but just the suspicion is enough for me .
Bring us the letter .	Bring us the letters .
I will hear further reason for this .	I will hear further reason for this .
I will not hurt him .	I won ’ t hurt him .
The moon is down .	The moon has set .
My lord , my lord !	Sir , sir !
Will money buy ' em ?	Can you buy them with money ?
Fare thee well , dame .	Farewell , lady .
Truly , she makes a very good report o ’ th ’ worm .	Indeed , she gives a very good testimony of the snake ’ s power .
Tis most convenient .	It ’ s the best thing to do .
The noble Brutus is ascended .	The noble Brutus is on the platform .
Had I plantation of this isle , my lord — He ’ d sow ’ t with nettle seed .	If I could colonize this island , my lord — He ’ d cultivate weeds on it .
Tis brief , my lord .	It was a bit short , my lord .
To leave his wife , to leave his babes , His mansion and his titles in a place From whence himself does fly ?	To leave his wife , his children , his house , and his titles in a place so unsafe that he himself flees it !
My lord , we will not .	My lord , we will not .
What stay had I but Edward ?	What support did I have other than Edward ?
Ay , but not yet to die .	Yes , but not to die yet .
Ha !	What ’ s this ?
True !	It ’ s true !
Is all the counsel that we two have shared , The sisters ' vows , the hours that we have spent , When we have chid the hasty-footed time For parting us , — O , is all forgot ?	Is all the conversation that we two have shared , The sisters ' vows , the hours that we have spent , When we have scolded the clock For parting us , — Oh , is it all forgotten ?
Master , you looked so longly on the maid , Perhaps you marked not what ’ s the pith of all .	I feel better already , and I know there ’ s more good advice where that came from .
You do remember all the circumstance ?	Do you remember the circumstances ?
Mend when thou canst .	Become a better
I doubt not but his friends will turn to us .	I suspect his friends will join us .
By your patience , no .	No , I ’ d rather you stayed here .
I ’ ll stay a month longer .	All right , I ’ ll stay another month .
My lord approaches .	Here comes my lord .
Go fetch it , sister .	Get it , sister .
Here was a Caesar !	Here was a Caesar !
I wonder if the lion be to speak .	I wonder if the lion is going to speak .
Holla !	Stop !
Since that my beauty cannot please his eye , I ’ ll weep what ’ s left away , and weeping die .	Since my beauty no longer pleases my husband , I ’ ll weep away what ’ s left and then die with weeping .
That is where we dined , Where Dowsabel did claim me for her husband .	Where that “ sweetheart ” said I was her husband !
You have loved him well .	You were one of his favorites .
Yea , and the best person too .	Yes , and the best looking too .
Came you from Padua , from Bellario ?	Have you come from Bellario ’ s office in Padua ?
Naked in bed , Iago , and not mean harm !	Naked in bed together , but without doing anything ?
Come , you are too severe a moraler .	Come on , you ’ re being too hard on yourself .
The spirit of my father grows strong in me , and I will no longer endure it .	My father ’ s spirit is growing in me , and I won ’ t take this any longer .
O noble fool !	Oh , noble fool !
Woe , woe for England !	I pity England , but not myself .
Speak the word along .	Pass the word along .
My wife killed too ?	My wife was killed too ?
Certain ones , then .	Then certain ones .
My breath and blood !	This is unbelievable !
Not so , neither .	No , that ’ s not true .
Your lordship speaks most infallibly of him .	Your lordship speaks most truly of him .
Good night .	Good night .
The lamentable change is from the best ; The worst returns to laughter .	At the bottom , any change is for the better .
Horatio says ' tis but our fantasy , And will not let belief take hold of him Touching this dreaded sight , twice seen of us .	Horatio says it ’ s all in our imagination , And doesn ’ t believe a word we say About this dreaded sight , seen twice by us .
What are you here that cry so grievously ?	Who are you here that cry so grievously ?
This is a slave whose easy borrowed pride Dwells in the fickle grace of her he follows . — Out , varlet , from my sight !	This is a lowlife who basks in the reflection of the fading glory of the woman he works for . — Get out of my sight , scoundrel !
To you I am bound for life and education .	I ’ m torn .
Madam , I 'll take my leave .	Madam , I 'll leave .
Of all the days i ' the year , I came to 't that day that our last king Hamlet overcame Fortinbras .	Of all the days in the year , I became a grave-maker the day that our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras .
I prithee , put them off .	Please take them off .
Will it not be received , When we have marked with blood those sleepy two Of his own chamber and used their very daggers , That they have done ’ t ?	Once we have covered the two servants with blood , and used their daggers to kill , won ’ t people believe that they were the culprits ?
We will here part .	We ’ ll leave you here .
to Gonzalo &ket; I prithee , spare .	Please , spare me .
Well said .	That ’ s well spoken .
God ' a 'mercy on his soul !	God have mercy on his soul !
Had I as many sons as I have hairs , I would not wish them to a fairer death .	If I had as many sons as I have hairs , I would not wish them to a fairer death .
But , mistress , know yourself .	But mistress , know yourself .
There ’ s something else to do .	There ’ s something else to be done .
He was a man .	He was a great human being .
And having brought our treasure where we will , Then take we down his load and turn him off , Like to the empty ass , to shake his ears And graze in commons .	Once he ’ s carried our treasure where we want it , we ’ ll free him of the load and turn him loose like a jackass , to shake his ears and graze in the public pastures .
Portia , art thou gone ?	Portia , are you gone ?
Farewell , good Launcelot .	Goodbye , Launcelot .
Thou rascal beadle , hold thy bloody hand .	You stupid cop , stop your violence !
Ay me !	Oh no !
There be fools alive , iwis , Silvered o 'er — and so was this .	This choice was as foolish as they are .
Tell me where it is .	Tell me where you live .
Thou art a soul in bliss , but I am bound Upon a wheel of fire , that mine own tears Do scald like molten lead .	Even my tears burn me like molten lead .
I prophesied if a gallows were on land This fellow could not drown .	I prophesied That , if a gallows were on land , this fellow could not drown .
Two thousand ducats by the year of land !	Two thousand ducats a year from his land !
Go with me to it , and I ’ ll show it you ; and by the way you shall tell me where in the forest you live .	Come with me , I ’ ll show you , and along the way , you can tell me where you live .
What think you on 't ?	What do you think about it ?
Get thee to a nunnery .	Go to a convent , go .
If ever he have wife , let her be made More miserable by the death of him Than I am made by my poor lord and thee . — Come now towards Chertsey with your holy load , Taken from Paul ’ s to be interrèd there .	And if he ever has a wife , let her be more miserable when he dies than I am now .
Let me go , sir , or I ’ ll knock you o 'er the mazzard .	Let me go , or I ’ ll knock you on the head .
Why , we shall make him mad indeed .	Wow , we ’ re really going to drive him crazy .
Dost thou not see my baby at my breast , That sucks the nurse asleep ?	Don ’ t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that its nurse will fall asleep ?
There ’ s not a nobler man in Rome than Antony .	There isn ’ t a nobler man than Antony in all of Rome .
But chiefly Him that you termed , sir , “ the good old Lord Gonzalo , ” His tears run down his beard like winter ’ s drops From eaves of reeds .	Good old lord Gonzalo , ” as you call him , is saddest of all , with tears running down his beard .
Your Dane , your German , and your swag-bellied Hollander — Drink , ho ! — are nothing to your English .	The Danes , the Germans , and the Dutch — come on , drink , drink ! — are nothing compared to the English .
Do not torment me , prithee .	Don ’ t hurt me , please .
Well too .	They ’ re well too .
Hero that is dead !	The Hero that died !
Now I but chide , but I should use thee worse , For thou , I fear , hast given me cause to curse .	Now I only scold , but I should give you worse ; Because you , I fear , has given me cause to curse .
Why , this was molded on a porringer !	Why , this was modeled on a porridge bowl !
How are they escoted ?	Who pays their way ?
Very well mended .	Nice save !
Madam , you have done me wrong , Notorious wrong .	Madam , you ’ ve treated me badly , very badly .
A certain convocation of politic worms are e 'en at him .	A certain group of educated worms are now biting him .
What is 't , Laertes ?	What is it , Laertes ?
Every man look o 'er his part .	Look over your lines again .
And what they may incense him to , being apt To have his ear abused , wisdom bids fear .	I ’ m afraid of what they might encourage him to do , considering the state he ’ s in .
In the meantime , Let me be thought too busy in my fears — As worthy cause I have to fear I am — And hold her free , I do beseech your honor .	But in the meantime , just assume that I ’ m paranoid — as I ’ m pretty sure I am — and keep thinking she ’ s innocent , please .
And stand indebted , over and above , In love and service to you evermore .	We owe you love and service forever .
A messenger from the galleys .	A messenger from the galleys .
Which now we find Each putter-out of five for one will bring us Good warrant of .	Now we find that One traveler out of five will bring us News about them .
There is one within , Besides the things that we have heard and seen , Recounts most horrid sights seen by the watch .	A servant told me the night-watchmen saw horrid sights too , but different ones from what we heard and saw .
Let us leave him .	Let ’ s leave him .
I will but spend a word here in the house And go with you .	I ’ ll just speak a word or two here in the house and then I ’ ll go with you .
Had all his hairs been lives My great revenge had stomach for them all .	If he had as many lives as he ’ s got hairs on his head , I would ’ ve killed them all in revenge .
O spite !	Oh spite !
Teach me .	Tell me .
Not for thy fairy kingdom . — Fairies , away !	Not for your entire fairy kingdom . — Come , fairies , let ’ s go .
No , my lord .	No , my lord .
He prays you to save his life .	He begs you to spare his life .
I think oxen and wainropes cannot hale them together .	I don ’ t think a team of oxen could get them close enough to fight .
There is but one mind in all these men , and it is bent against Caesar .	There is only one mind in all these men , and it is bent against Caesar .
Be simple-answered , for we know the truth .	Get to the point , since we already know the truth .
After the battle let George Stanley die .	Let George Stanley die after the battle .
I will not hear thee speak .	I won ’ t listen to you .
Here comes the Prince and Claudio hastily .	The Prince and Claudio are hurrying this way .
Tut , tut , thou art all ice ; thy kindness freezes .	Tut , tut , you ’ ve become rather icy .
Give me a living reason she ’ s disloyal .	Give me one good reason to think she ’ s cheating on me .
Hast thou , spirit , Performed to point the tempest that I bade thee ?	Spirit , did you carry out the storm just as I ordered ?
Shall I do such a deed ?	Would I dare do something like that ?
Why , sir , what ’ s your conceit in that ?	Why , what ’ s the problem ?
Unreal mockery , hence !	Get out !
That you should think we come not to offend , But with good will .	We don ’ t want you to think we came here to offend you , except that we want to offend you with our good intentions .
Mark Antony shall say I am not well , And , for thy humor , I will stay at home .	Mark Antony shall say I ’ m not well , And , to make you happy , I ’ ll stay home .
Look , where he comes .	Here he comes .
I pray now , keep below .	Please stay below deck , sir .
Are these things spoken , or do I but dream ?	Are you really saying these things , or am I dreaming ?
Gone she is .	She ’ s gone .
If good , why do I yield to that suggestion Whose horrid image doth unfix my hair And make my seated heart knock at my ribs , Against the use of nature ?	If it ’ s good , why do I give in to that suggestion Whose horrid image makes my hair stand on end , And makes my heart pound so hard they knock at my ribs , Against my will to stay calm ?
Hillo , ho , ho , boy !	Hello , ho , ho , boy !
What is thy name ?	What is your name ?
Three thousand ducats , — well .	Three thousand dollars ; right ?
Do I so ?	Did I ?
And this man Is now become a god , and Cassius is A wretched creature , and must bend his body If Caesar carelessly but nod on him .	And now this man Has become a god , and Cassius is A wretched creature , and must bow , Even if Caesar only nods at him carelessly .
Oh , that a man might know The end of this day ’ s business ere it come !	Oh , I wish I could know what will happen today before it happens !
I do attend here on the general ; And think it no addition , nor my wish , To have him see me woman 'd .	I ’ m waiting here for the general , And I don ’ t think it would help , and it ’ s not my wish , To have him see me talking with a woman .
I will physic your rankness and yet give no thousand crowns neither . — Holla , Dennis !	I ’ ll cure you of your insolence , and I ’ m not going to give you a thousand crowns , either ! — Hey , Dennis !
He is arrived .	He ’ s arrived .
And to see how he prizes the foolish woman your wife !	And do you see how much your foolish wife means to him ?
I take my leave at once .	I leave you at once .
stay , and speak !	stay , and speak !
Thus high , by thy advice And thy assistance is King Richard seated .	Because of your advice and your help , I have a high position now .
And will you rent our ancient love asunder , To join with men in scorning your poor friend ?	And will you tear our ancient love apart To join with men in scorning your poor friend ?
Oh , let me see thee walk !	Take a few steps — I want to see you walk .
The better for thy friends .	You ’ re better off because of your friends .
Wilt thou lift up Olympus ?	Would you try to lift Mount Olympus ?
We cannot all be masters , nor all masters Cannot be truly followed .	We can ’ t all be masters , and not all masters should be followed .
Now heaven help him !	Heaven help him !
My mind was never yet more mercenary .	My thoughts were never on money .
I am sorry they offend you , heartily ; Yes , faith , heartily .	I ’ m sorry they offend you , heartily , Yes , indeed , heartily .
What , thou speak 'st drowsily ?	What , you speak drowsily .
Use your authority .	Go ahead , use your authority .
Your goods that lay at host , sir , in the Centaur .	The stuff you had at the Centaur , sir .
I prithee , hear me speak .	You ’ re too bitter .
How now , my hearts !	Hello , my friends !
but hear you : Methought you said , you neither lend nor borrow , Upon advantage .	But listen , I thought you said you don ’ t lend or borrow By charging interest .
I do remember me , Henry the Sixth Did prophesy that Richmond should be king , When Richmond was a little peevish boy .	As I remember , Henry the Sixth prophesied that Richmond would be king when Richmond was only a foolish little boy .
Aha !	Ah-ha !
He was disposed to mirth , but on the sudden A Roman thought hath struck him . — Enobarbus !	He was in a good mood , and then suddenly he started thinking of Rome .
In faith , my hand meant nothing to my sword .	Really , I had no intention of going for my sword .
Come down .	Come down .
what news ?	What ’ s the news ?
We have willing dames enough .	There are more than enough willing women around .
Most gracious Duke , To my unfolding lend your prosperous ear And let me find a charter in your voice , T ' assist my simpleness .	Dear Duke , please listen to what I have to say .
But I might see young Cupid ’ s fiery shaft Quenched in the chaste beams of the watery moon , And the imperial votaress passèd on , In maiden meditation , fancy-free .	But I could see that Cupid ’ s fiery arrow was put out by watery , virginal moonbeams , so the royal virgin continued her virginal thoughts without being interrupted by thoughts of love .
How shall I murder him , Iago ?	How shall I murder him , Iago ?
Indeed , he plied them both with excellent praises .	He certainly flattered them both with extravagant compliments .
I do not , sir .	I don ’ t , sir .
Himself in person there ?	Is he there in person ?
Give him no breath , but now Make boot of his distraction .	Don ’ t give him time to catch his breath .
I ’ ll back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him so .	I ’ ll go back to the duke of Gloucester and tell him so .
But I have cause to pry into this pedant .	But there ’ s reason for me to look more closely at this schoolmaster .
Abominable villain !	Horrid villain !
Hold you , there is a groat to heal your pate .	Wait , here ’ s a penny to heal your head .
And will he not come again ?	And will he not come again ?
Do you know him ?	Do you know him ?
Friar !	Friar !
Brutus , my country ’ s friend .	Brutus , my country ’ s friend .
A knave very voluble ; no further conscionable than in putting on the mere form of civil and humane seeming , for the better com- passing of his salt and most hidden loose affection ?	A very changeable rogue , having no further conscience than assuming the mere form of civil and humane behavior , for the better measure of his worth and very hidden loose affections ?
I have lost the immortal part of myself , and what remains is bestial .	I have lost the immortal part of myself , and what remains is beastly .
What if this cursed hand Were thicker than itself with brother 's blood , Is there not rain enough in the sweet heavens To wash it white as snow ?	What if this cursed hand Were thicker than itself with my brother 's blood , Isn ’ t there enough rain in the sweet heavens To wash it as white as snow ?
He would not ?	Didn ’ t feel like it ?
Something of moment then .	Something of the moment , then .
Even as men wracked upon a sand , that look to be washed off the next tide .	We ’ re men beached on the sand , hoping to be washed out by the next tide .
What , now ?	What , now ?
Think not , thou noble Roman , That ever Brutus will go bound to Rome .	Don ’ t imagine that I ’ ll ever allow myself to return to Rome in chains .
What say you , uncle ?	What did you say , uncle ?
Tis said , man , and farewell .	You ’ ve said it , friend , and farewell to you .
Twas a color he never liked .	It was a color he never did like .
We ’ ll away tonight , And be a day before our husbands home .	We ’ ll leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands get back .
What , no more ?	What , that ’ s all ?
He hath not touched you yet .	He hasn ’ t done anything to harm you yet .
O ill-starred wench , Pale as thy smock !	You ’ re as pale as your nightgown !
Tropically .	A metaphor .
And you , sir , for this chain arrested me .	And you , sir , had me arrested over that necklace .
I am not gamesome .	I don ’ t like sports .
Forth of my heart those charms , thine eyes , are blotted ; Thy bed , lust-stain 'd shall with lust 's blood be spotted .	Those charms , your eyes , are erased from my heart ; Your bed , lust-stained , shall be spotted with lust 's blood .
She ’ s a beagle , true-bred , and one that adores me .	She ’ s a good little woman , and she adores me .
to Antonio &ket; No marrying ’ mong his subjects ?	No marrying among his subjects ?
I am sure of that .	I ’ m sure of that .
I am glad on 't ; I desire no more delight , Than to be under sail and gone to-night .	I am glad about it : I don ’ t want anything more Than to get sailing and be gone tonight .
When comes such another ?	When will there be another like him ?
Be ’ t as our gods will have ’ t .	It will be as the gods see fit .
I speak not as in absolute fear of you .	I don ’ t completely distrust you .
Swear priests and cowards and men cautelous , Old feeble carrions and such suffering souls That welcome wrongs .	Swearing is for priests , cowards , overly cautious men , feeble old people , and those long-suffering weaklings who welcome abuse .
Now when thou wakest with thine own fool 's eyes peep .	Now when you awake , see with yours own fool 's eyes .
Tomorrow We 'll hear ourselves again .	Tomorrow We 'll speak among ourselves , again .
To be acknowledged , madam , is o 'erpaid .	Just being thanked is more than enough for me , madam .
I will show you such a necessity in his death that you shall think yourself bound to put it on him .	I ’ ll give you such reasons for killing him that you ’ ll feel obliged to snuff him out .
But to read his right wits is to read thus .	I will , my lady , but a sane person reading this would make it sound crazy .
Philomel with melody , &amp; amp ; c . Hence away ; now all is well .	Let ’ s go ; now all is well .
Go you down that way towards the Capitol ; This way will I. Disrobe the images , If you do find them deck 'd with ceremonies .	You go down that way towards the Capitol ; I ’ ll go this way .
All of us have cause To wail the dimming of our shining star , But none can help our harms by wailing them . — Madam , my mother , I do cry you mercy ; I did not see your Grace .	All of us have reason to mourn the dimming of our shining star the king .
How far that little candle throws his beams !	Look how far that little candle sends its light !
Rosalind of a better leer than you .	Come on , woo me , woo me .
I durst not ?	I wouldn ’ t dare ?
Who is 't that hinders you ?	Who ’ s stopping you ?
Let him go up into the public chair .	Let him mount the pulpit .
Murder !	murder !
When this advice is free I give and honest , Probal to thinking , and indeed the course To win the Moor again ?	When this advice I give is free and honest , Calculated to his thinking , and , indeed , the way To win the Moor again ?
Ay , Casca .	Yes , Casca .
Consent to swear .	Agree to swear .
See , it stalks away .	Look , it ’ s going away .
One .	One .
I have heard of your paintings too , well enough .	I ’ ve heard all about you women and your cosmetics too .
If sanctimony and a frail vow betwixt an erring barbarian and supersubtle Venetian be not too hard for my wits and all the tribe of hell , thou shalt enjoy her .	I can get the better of religion and a few flimsy vows between a misguided barbarian and a depraved Venetian girl .
White-livered runagate , what doth he there ?	Lily-livered coward , what ’ s he doing there ?
And be not easily won to our requests .	But don ’ t be easily won over .
There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , Than are dreamt of in your philosophy .	There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , Than are dreamt of in your philosophy .
If you have any pity , grace , or manners , You would not make me such an argument .	If you have any pity , grace , or manners , You would not make me such an argument .
His counsel now might do me golden service .	I could really use his advice right now .
You , ladies , you , whose gentle hearts do fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor , May now , perchance , both quake and tremble here , When lion rough in wildest rage doth roar .	You , ladies , you , whose gentle hearts fear The smallest monstrous mouse that creeps on floor , May now , perhaps , both quake and tremble here , When a rough lion roars in wildest rage .
And you shall be satisfied .	And you shall be satisfied .
The Duke and Senators of Venice greet you .	The duke and senators of Venice greet you .
And by all means stir on the youth to an answer .	And by all means see if you can get the young man to answer it .
Say , if th ' hadst rather hear it from our mouths , Or from our masters ' .	Would you rather hear these things from our mouths or from our master ’ s ?
Ay , better than him I am before knows me .	Yes , better than you know me .
What , a prisoner ?	What , I ’ m a prisoner ?
This the nature Whom passion could not shake ?	Is this the nature That passion could not shake ?
I am sure no man hath any quarrel to me .	I ’ m sure nobody would have any reason to fight with me .
I ’ ll follow you .	I ’ ll follow you .
E 'en so , my lord .	Just like that , my lord .
Here was he merry , hearing of a song .	He was happy here , listening to a song .
But who comes here ?	But who ’ s coming ?
He hath raised the wall , and houses too .	He has raised the wall and houses too .
You are my true and honorable wife , As dear to me as are the ruddy drops That visit my sad heart .	You ’ re my true and honorable wife , As dear to me as are the red tears That visit my sad heart .
What three things does drink especially provoke ?	What three things does drink especially instigate ?
Brother , I advise you to the best .	Brother , I ’ m giving you good advice .
Where is thy power , then , to beat him back ?	Where is your army , then , to beat him back ?
Break an hour ’ s promise in love ?	You ’ d break a date with your beloved by a whole hour ?
What shall we hear of this ?	What shall we hear of this ?
Read it , great Caesar .	Read it , great Caesar .
If a man ’ s brains were in ’ s heels , were ’ t not in danger of kibes ?	If a man ’ s brain were in his feet , wouldn ’ t it be susceptible to frostbite ?
There ’ s my key .	Here ’ s my key .
I 'll send her to you presently ; And I 'll devise a mean to draw the Moor Out of the way , that your converse and business May be more free .	I 'll send her to you right away , And I 'll devise a plan to get the Moor Out of the way , that your conversation and business May be more free .
But I had rather fast from all four days Than drink so much in one .	But I would rather abstain from everything for four days than drink so much in one .
Oh , that I were a man for his sake !	Oh , if only I were a man !
That same cowardly giant-like ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house .	That same cowardly giant-like roast beef has devoured many people from your family .
And what hope is that , I pray thee ?	And what hope is that , please ?
I have forgot your name , but sure that part Was aptly fitted and naturally performed .	I have forgotten your name , but you were well cast in the role and played it convincingly .
That would hang us , every mother ’ s son .	Yeah , that would get every single one of us executed .
But she , your subject , loathes such sovereignty .	But she , your subject , hates such a king .
What , Lucius !	Lucius !
My most exquisite Sir Topas !	The brilliant Sir Topas !
You come not Like Caesar ’ s sister .	You didn ’ t arrive like Caesar ’ s sister .
Monster , lay to your fingers .	Monster , use your fingers .
Most rightful judge !	Most rightful judge !
Get me some poison , Iago , this night .	Get me some poison tonight , Iago .
I will fetch off my bottle , though I be o 'er ears for my labour .	I will fetch off my bottle , although I ’ ll be head over heels in muck for my efforts .
To th ' church take the priest , clerk , and some sufficient honest witnesses .	Go to the church : take the priest , the clerk , and some reasonably honest witnesses .
It would become me As well as it does you ; and I should do it With much more ease , for my good will is to it , And yours it is against .	It would be as natural to me As it is to you : and I should do it Much more easily , because my good will is in it , And yours is against it .
How , my lord , I may be censured , that nature thus gives way to loyalty , something fears me to think of .	I ’ m afraid to think how I ’ ll be criticized for letting my natural affection for my father give way to my loyalty to you .
You know that you are Brutus that speak this , Or , by the gods , this speech were else your last .	You know , if you were anyone other than Brutus , that speech would be your last .
What friend ?	What friend ?
I shall deliver so .	I ’ ll deliver the message .
My lord , I came to see your father ’ s funeral .	Sir , we came to see your father ’ s funeral .
Then forth , dear countrymen .	Let ’ s go forth , dear countrymen .
This lion is a very fox , for his valor .	He ’ s as brave as a fox .
This weaves itself perforce into my business .	His arrival fits perfectly into my plan .
Well , well , well .	Well , well , well .
This is no answer , thou unfeeling man , To excuse the current of thy cruelty .	This is no answer , you unfeeling man , To excuse the flowing of your cruelty .
Was it not yesterday we spoke together ?	Wasn ’ t it yesterday we spoke together ?
If thou wilt needs damn thyself , do it a more delicate way than drowning .	If you must damn yourself , do it a more delicate way than drowning .
Not yet . ” The hour ’ s now come .	Not yet . ” Well , the time has come .
Dismiss your attendant there , look ’ t be done .	I ’ ll be there shortly .
But that they call “ compliment ” is like th ' encounter of two dog- apes .	But two men complimenting each other is like two baboons getting together .
Is ’ t possible ?	Is it possible ?
O , ' tis foul in her .	O , it is evil in her .
Fie upon ’ t , foh !	Damn it !
Is it his use ?	Is it a habit of his ?
Here is a letter , lady ; The paper as the body of my friend , And every word in it a gaping wound , Issuing life-blood .	Here is a letter , lady , The paper is like the body of my friend , And every word in it , a gaping wound Bleeding heavily .
We ’ ll set thee to school to an ant to teach thee there ’ s no laboring i ' th ' winter .	You need to learn what ants know well about winter — there ’ s no point in slaving away if there ’ s no hope for profit .
I have no power upon you .	I have no power over you .
Who governs here ?	Who ’ s the ruler here ?
Who alone suffers , suffers most i ' th ' mind , Leaving free things and happy shows behind .	The person who suffers alone suffers the most .
Is it they ?	Is it they ?
Nor shalt not till necessity be served .	And you won ’ t until the needy eat .
For thy escape would teach me tyranny , To hang clogs on them . — I have done , my lord .	You would have made me treat them like a tyrant . — I ’ m done , my lord .
Alas , then she is drowned .	Is that how the law sees it ?
Come , lords , will you go To comfort Edward with our company ?	But come , lords , will you come with me to Edward ’ s room to comfort him ?
Nerissa teaches me what to believe ; I 'll die for 't , but some woman had the ring .	Nerissa teaches me what to believe : I 'll die for it , but some woman took the ring .
What wert thou if the King of Naples heard thee ?	What would happen to you , if the King of Naples heard you ?
What horrible fancy 's this ?	What horrible desire is this ?
She cannot be so much without true judgment , Having so swift and excellent a wit As she is prized to have , as to refuse So rare a gentleman as Signior Benedick .	With the quick , intelligent wit she ’ s rumored to have , she can ’ t really be such a bad judge of character that she ’ d refuse a man as exceptional as Signior Benedick .
Is he not a most profane and liberal counselor ?	Isn ’ t he a very unholy and rude counselor ?
Come , be a man !	Come , be a man .
All is lost !	All is lost !
I have a strange infirmity , which is nothing To those that know me .	I have a strange infirmity , which is nothing To those that know me .
Look , they weep , And I , an ass , am onion-eyed .	Look — they ’ re crying .
How now !	What ’ s going on ?
Are you my wife and will not call me “ husband ” ?	You call yourself my wife , yet you don ’ t call me “ husband ” ?
I humbly thank your ladyship .	I humbly thank your ladyship .
My worthy lord , Your noble friends do lack you .	My worthy lord , your noble friends miss your company .
O , he is mad , Laertes .	Oh , he ’ s crazy , Laertes !
And now , Octavius , Listen great things .	And now , Octavius , Listen to great things .
O masters , if I were disposed to stir Your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage , I should do Brutus wrong , and Cassius wrong — Who , you all know , are honorable men .	Oh , sirs , if I stirred your hearts and minds to mutiny and rage , I would offend Brutus and Cassius , who , you all know , are honorable men .
Tis true , my brother ’ s daughter ’ s Queen of Tunis , So is she heir of Naples , ’ twixt which regions There is some space .	It ’ s true that my brother ’ s daughter is Queen of Tunis , and heir of Naples .
The great rage , You see , is killed in him .	His insane period is over .
Ingratitude , thou marble-hearted fiend , More hideous when thou show ’ st thee in a child Than the sea monster .	Ingratitude is always hideous , but an ungrateful child is uglier than a sea monster !
My cousin means Signor Benedick of Padua .	My cousin means Signior Benedick of Padua .
I thank your lordship , you have got me one .	I thank you sir , you have gotten me one .
I gave my love a ring and made him swear Never to part with it .	I gave my lover a ring and made him swear never to lose it or give it away .
Tell your piteous heart There ’ s no harm done .	No harm was done .
Have you writ down that they are none ?	Have you written that down , that they aren ’ t criminals ?
You speak this to fetch me in , my lord .	You ’ re trying to trick me , my lord .
That I love her , I feel .	And I feel that I love her .
Come , some music !	Hey , let ’ s have some music here !
Where art thou now ?	Where are you ?
This avarice Sticks deeper , grows with more pernicious root Than summer-seeming lust , and it hath been The sword of our slain kings .	This sin of greediness Digs in deeper ; grows with a more dangerous root Than summer-seeming lust ; and it has been The sword of our slain kings .
What wilt thou do ?	What will you do ?
Would I were assured Of my condition .	I wish I knew what is happening .
Do not go forth today .	Don ’ t go out today .
What ring gave you my lord ?	Which ring did you give away , my lord ?
I am no villain .	I ’ m no villain .
Good morrow to thee .	Good morning to you .
I do embrace your offer ; and dispose For henceforth of poor Claudio .	I willingly accept your offer and put my future in your hands .
The fold stands empty in the drownèd field , And crows are fatted with the murrain flock .	Sheep pens are empty in the middle of the flooded fields , and the crows get fat from eating the dead bodies of infected sheep .
If this young gentleman Have done offence , I take the fault on me .	If this young gentleman has offended you , I ’ ll take the blame for it .
I could not forget you , for I never saw you before in all my life .	I could not forget you , since I never saw you before in my life .
But when shall we set the savage bull ’ s horns on the sensible Benedick ’ s head ?	But when exactly will we see Benedick married ?
What , wouldst thou have me go and beg my food , Or with a base and boist 'rous sword enforce A thievish living on the common road ?	What , would you have me beg for my food ?
Thou hast served me with much faith .	You ’ ve served me faithfully .
Is that my prize ?	Is this my prize ?
I ’ ll speak a prophecy ere I go .	I ’ ll recite a prophecy before I go .
Were it not better , Because that I am more than common tall , That I did suit me all points like a man ?	Wouldn ’ t it be better — since I ’ m unusually tall for a woman — to dress myself like a man ?
When we our betters see bearing our woes , We scarcely think our miseries our foes .	When we see that our betters have the same problems we do , we can almost forget our own misery .
Ay .	Yes .
Why , you were with him , were you not ?	Why , you were with him , weren ’ t you ?
Why then I think Cassio 's an honest man .	Why , then , I think Cassio 's an honest man .
It is not so expressed , but what of that ?	Not explicitly , but so what ?
How comes this trick upon him ?	How did this trick come on him ?
This ensign here of mine was turning back ; I slew the coward , and did take it from him .	This ensign of mine here was turning back ; I killed the coward and took it from him .
Why , what ’ s the matter ?	Why , what ’ s the matter with him ?
What ’ s Antony ?	Then what ’ s Antony ?
Sir , I say to you it is thought you are false knaves .	Sir , I tell you we believe you ’ re both lying criminals .
Time , thou anticipatest my dread exploits .	Time , you anticipate my dread deeds .
No evil lost is wailed when it is gone .	When an evil thing has been lost , no one cries .
I will not trouble thee , my child .	I won ’ t bother you .
Mine nightingale , We have beat them to their beds .	My songbird , we have beaten them to their beds .
But stop my house ’ s ears — I mean my casements — Let not the sound of shallow foppery enter My sober house .	Don ’ t stick your head out into the public street to stare at the Christian fools with painted faces .
But Antonio is certainly undone .	But Antonio ’ s certainly ruined .
Thus says my king : “ Say thou to Harry of England , though we seemed dead , we did but sleep .	My king says this : “ Tell Harry of England : though we appeared dead , we were only asleep .
Uncle , I must come forth .	Uncle , I ’ m coming out !
Why , then the devil give him good of it !	Why , then the devil give him good of it !
Whoever bound him , I will loose his bonds And gain a husband by his liberty . — Speak , old Egeon , if thou be ’ st the man That hadst a wife once called Emilia , That bore thee at a burden two fair sons .	Tell us , old Egeon : are you the man who once had a wife named Emilia , who gave birth to two fair sons ?
Three thousand ducats , well .	Three thousand ducats , hmmm .
Then learn this of me : to have is to have .	Then learn this from me : if you have something , you have it .
Let it be a quarrel between us , if you live .	Let it be a quarrel between us , if you live .
You have trained me like a peasant , obscuring and hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities .	But you ’ ve raised me as a peasant , hiding from me what I needed to become a gentleman .
Truly , I think they are .	Truly , I think they are .
Almost at odds with morning , which is which .	Almost the middle of the night .
What ’ s the matter , dear ?	What ’ s the matter , dear ?
Know you not he has ?	Don ’ t you know he has ?
They met me in the day of success , and I have learned by the perfectest report , they have more in them than mortal knowledge .	They met me on the day we won the battle , and I have learned by the most perfect report that they have more in them than mortal knowledge .
Bring me the fairest creature northward born , Where Phoebus ' fire scarce thaws the icicles , And let us make incision for your love , To prove whose blood is reddest , his , or mine .	Bring me the fairest creature born in the north , Where the sun ’ s fire hardly thaws the icicles , And let ’ s make a cut for your love To prove whose blood is reddest , his or mine .
Do you not jest ?	Are you joking ?
Machinations , hollowness , treachery , and all ruinous disorders follow us disquietly to our graves .	Conspiracies , fakery , betrayal , and disorder are all that ’ s left until we die .
Niggard of question , but of our demands Most free in his reply .	He didn ’ t ask questions , but answered ours at length .
Let the world see His nobleness well acted , which your death Will never let come forth .	Your death would prevent that .
How now , mistress ?	What are you saying , mistress ?
I humbly thank you ; well , well , well .	I humbly thank you , Well , well , well .
Fair Beatrice , I thank you for your pains .	Lovely Beatrice , I thank you for taking the pains to tell me that .
As you shall prove us , praise us .	As you shall prove us to be , praise us .
But for the bloody napkin ?	But what about the bloody handkerchief ?
For thy three thousand ducats here is six .	For your three thousand dollars , here are six .
So fare you well at once , for Brutus ' tongue Hath almost ended his life ’ s history .	So farewell , all , for my tongue has almost finished with its life .
Not now .	Not now .
I have known when he would have walked ten mile afoot to see a good armor , and now will he lie ten nights awake carving the fashion of a new doublet .	I knew him when he would ’ ve walked ten miles to see a well-crafted suit of armor ; now he spends ten nights awake in his room designing himself a fancy new jacket .
For Edward , for my brother , for his sake .	For my brother Edward ’ s sake .
But now , my lord .	Yes , just now , my lord .
Thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture , To be so taken at thy peril , Jew .	You shall have nothing but the penalty To be so taken at your own risk , Jew .
These things to hear Would Desdemona seriously incline .	When I talked about all these things , Desdemona used to listen attentively .
Yes , they have .	Yes , they have .
That a monster should be such a natural !	What an idiot that monster is !
Is the king dead , the empire unpossessed ?	Is the king dead , the empire dispossessed ?
Feel you your legs ?	Can you feel your legs ?
To which we all appeal .	To which we all appeal .
What sense had I of her stol 'n hours of lust ?	What sense did I have of her stolen hours of lust ?
Ho , open the door .	Hey , open the door !
Oh , monstrous !	Help !
With all my heart .	By all means .
My master calls me .	My master ’ s calling me .
All this done , Repair to Pompey 's porch , where you shall find us .	When you ’ ve done all that , Go to Pompey 's Porch , where you shall find us .
You may to me , and ’ tis most meet you should .	You may to me , and it is most proper you should .
Iago , look with care about the town , And silence those whom this vile brawl distracted .	Iago , look carefully about the town , And silence those whom this vile brawl has upset .
That she may long live here , God say amen .	So that England may live a long life like this , let God say amen !
Look , he wears cruel garters .	That ’ s a nasty garter belt .
Ay , I do .	Yes , I am .
Stand away , Captain Gower .	Stand aside , Captain Gower .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
Marry , sir .	By Mary , sir , by many a wind instrument that I know .
Call !	Call him !
We 'll hear the will .	We 'll hear the will .
O wicked Wall through whom I see no bliss !	Oh wicked wall , through which I don ’ t see any happiness !
How does the Queen ?	How is the Queen ?
It now draws toward night .	Night is approaching .
Peace then , no words .	Peace then !
Methought I was , and methought I had , but man is but a patched fool , if he will offer to say what methought I had .	I thought I was , and I thought I had , — but a man is only a mended fool , if he will offer to say what I thought I had .
All lost !	We ’ re all lost !
You ’ ll have coursers for cousins and gennets for germans .	Your whole family will be ruined .
Very well !	Very well !
Count the clock .	Count how many times the clock chimes .
Why are you silent ?	Why are you silent ?
A very gentle beast , of a good conscience .	Ah , it ’ s a sensitive animal , with a good conscience .
I do not know .	I don ’ t know .
And I pray thee now tell me , for which of my bad parts didst thou first fall in love with me ?	Now , tell me — which of my bad qualities did you fall in love with first ?
Adieu .	Goodbye .
Let 's do 't , I pray : and I this morning know Where we shall find him most conveniently .	Let 's do it , I beg you , and I know exactly Where we shall easily find him .
Turn the sands into eloquent tongues , and my horse is argument for them all .	If each grain of sand had a tongue to eulogize , my horse would be a topic for them all .
I will ask him for my place again , he shall tell me I am a drunkard .	I ’ ll ask him for my position back again , and he ’ ll tell me I ’ m a drunk .
Grace go with you , sir .	Good luck , sir .
Methinks you are too much of late i ' th ' frown .	I think you ’ ve been frowning too much recently .
All ’ s well .	Everything ’ s OK .
I know not , madam .	I don ’ t know , madam .
If he be not born to be hanged , our case is miserable .	If he is not born to be hanged , then our present state is pitiful .
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
Nothing , good monsieur , but to help Cavalery Cobweb to scratch .	Nothing , good sir , except to help Sir Cobweb scratch my head .
What 's here ?	What 's here ?
I would scarce trust myself , though I had sworn the contrary , if Hero would be my wife .	Even if I had sworn never to marry , I wouldn ’ t trust myself to keep that promise if Hero would marry me .
Leave , gentle wax , and , manners , blame us not .	Come on , envelope , open up for me .
O , a cherubin Thou wast that did preserve me .	Oh , you were an angel That saved me !
They are incensed .	They ’ re overdoing it .
Go with me and see What I can show in this .	Come and see the proof .
God , God , forgive us all !	God , God , forgive us all !
Naked in bed , Iago , and not mean harm !	Naked in bed , Iago , and not mean harm !
You have spoken truer than you purposed .	You thought you were being funny , but you said the truth .
I here take my oath before this honorable assembly , she kicked the poor king her father .	There she is .
Come ho , and wake Diana with a hymn !	Wake up the moon goddess with a hymn !
You are full of pretty answers .	You ’ re sure full of smooth answers .
Yes .	Yes .
What an eye she has !	What an eye she has !
Make peace with God , for you must die , my lord .	Make peace with God , for you must die , my lord .
We are two lions littered in one day , And I the elder and more terrible .	We ’ re two lions born on the same day in the same litter , and I ’ m the older and more terrible .
I thank you , valiant Cassio .	Thank you , brave Cassio .
All that I will tell you is that the duke hath dined .	All I ’ ll tell you is that the duke has had dinner already .
If thou keep promise , I shall end this strife ; Become a Christian , and thy loving wife .	If you keep your promise , I shall end this strife , Become a Christian and your loving wife .
I can , at any unseasonable instant of the night , appoint her to look out at her lady ’ s chamber window .	I can arrange it so that at some indecent hour of the night , she looks out Hero ’ s bedroom window .
He shall see none to fear .	Well , he ’ ll be dead , so he won ’ t see anything .
Here he comes .	Here he comes .
That which I gave you .	The one I gave you .
When shall we three meet again ?	When should the three of us meet again ?
Cousins , you know what you have to do . — O , I cry you mercy , friend .	Cousins , you all have work to do . — Oh , I beg your pardon .
He is a good one , and his worthiness Does challenge much respect . — Come , Desdemona , Once more , well met at Cyprus .	He ’ s a good man . — Let ’ s go , Desdemona .
Awake , I say !	Wake up , I say !
Vouchsafe to wear this ring .	Please wear this ring .
Pray you , let Cassio be received again .	Please hire Cassio again .
But she as far surpasseth Sycorax As great ’ st does least .	But Miranda is so much more beautiful , you can ’ t even compare the two .
Ay , thou poor ghost , while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe .	Yes , you poor ghost , while memory holds a seat In this confused world .
I ' faith , I thank him .	Yes , we are .
The knave counterfeits well .	The fool ’ s a good actor .
How fares your grace ?	How are you , your highness ?
And die in music .	They sing when they die .
But she perforce withholds the lovèd boy , Crowns him with flowers , and makes him all her joy .	Instead , she puts flowers in the boy ’ s hair and makes a fuss over him .
Thou hast wronged Caius Ligarius .	You ’ ve wronged Caius Ligarius .
Get you to your lord .	Go back to your lord .
You are a counsellor ; if you can command these elements to silence , and work the peace of the present , we will not hand a rope more ; use your authority .	You are a council member : if you can command these elements to be silent , And make this present storm more peaceful , we won ’ t need To work the ropes anymore .
Here .	Here .
but you see my finger Hath not the ring upon it .	But you see my finger doesn ’ t have the ring on it .
Ring the alarum bell .	Ring the alarms bell .
I would not be the villain that thou think ’ st For the whole space that ’ s in the tyrant ’ s grasp , And the rich East to boot .	I wouldn ’ t be the villain you think I am even if I were offered all of Macbeth ’ s kingdom and the riches of the East too .
Before you can say “ Come ” and “ Go , ” And breathe twice and cry “ So , so ! ” Each one , tripping on his toe ,	Before you can say “ Come ” and “ Go , ” And breathe twice , and shout “ So , so ! ” Each one of your servants will rush here ,
What players are they ?	What players are they ?
Marry , and it shall be done tomorrow morning if I live .	Sure thing , we ’ ll do it tomorrow morning .
Am I not stayed for , Cinna ?	Aren ’ t the others waiting for me , Cinna ?
The whole butt , man .	I ’ ve got the whole barrel , man .
That ’ s the next to do .	That ’ s the next thing on the agenda .
All school-days ' friendship , childhood innocence ?	All school-days ' friendship , childhood innocence ?
Prithee , Emilia , Go know of Cassio where he supped tonight . —	Please , Emilia , ask Cassio where he was at dinner tonight . —
Murder , murder !	Murder , murder !
Or neither ?	Neither ?
Oh , heaven forgive me !	Oh , heaven help me !
Now , Iras , what think ’ st thou ?	Now , Iras , what do you think ?
Within this roof The enemy of all your graces lives .	In this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you .
Away , away , for he is coming hither !	Look out , he ’ s coming !
Go to , farewell .	Go then , goodbye .
Casca , you are the first that rears your hand .	Casca , you ’ re the first one to strike .
It will be short ; the interim is mine , And a man 's life 's is no more than to say ' One .	The time between is mine , And a man 's life is longer than it takes to say “ One .
Pray you , look in .	Please , look in .
I think I hear them .	I think I hear them .
O strange !	Oh strange !
Scratching could not make it worse an ’ twere such a face as yours were .	If he has a face like yours , a good scratching couldn ’ t make him look any worse .
Why , sir , you know this is your wedding day .	Why , sir , you know this is your wedding day .
Down with the topmast !	Bring down that top sail !
Why , what canst thou tell , my boy ?	And what do you know , boy ?
I am ashamed that women are so simple To offer war where they should kneel for peace ; Or seek for rule , supremacy and sway When they are bound to serve , love , and obey .	I am ashamed that women are so foolish as to declare war when they should plead on their knees for peace , that they seek authority , supremacy , and power when they are under an obligation to serve , love , and obey .
There is more in it . — Cousin Ganymede .	There ’ s more to it than that . — Ganymede !
Macduff is missing , and your noble son .	Macduff is missing and your noble son .
O Cassius , I am sick of many griefs .	O Cassius , I ’ m sick because of many sorrows .
The four strangers seek for you , madam , to take their leave .	The four suitors are looking for you so they can say goodbye , madam .
How now , you dog ?	What ’ s this , you dog ?
Who 's here ?	Who 's here ?
Three thousand ducats ; — ' tis a good round sum .	Three thousand dollars ; it ’ s a good round sum .
The oars were silver , Which to the tune of flutes kept stroke , and made The water which they beat to follow faster , As amorous of their strokes .	The oars were made of silver , and the oarsmen rowed in time to flute music .
This speech of yours hath moved me , And shall perchance do good .	Your words have moved me , and maybe it ’ ll do some good .
My master hath appointed me to go to Saint Luke ’ s to bid the priest be ready to come against you come with your appendix .	My master has instructed me to go to Saint Luke ’ s to tell the priest to be ready in case you should show up with your better half .
Tarry , sweet Beatrice .	Wait , sweet Beatrice .
That ’ s the end .	In the end I grudgingly consented .
You perhaps may think , Because she is something lower than myself , That I can match her .	You may think , perhaps , Because she is something lower than myself , That I can match her movements .
I must remove Some thousands of these logs and pile them up , Upon a sore injunction .	I have thousands of logs to take away and pile up , on strict orders from him .
Great Dunsinane he strongly fortifies .	He strongly fortifies great Dunsinane .
What , thou speak ’ st drowsily ?	What , are you sleepy ?
Why may not imagination trace the noble dust of Alexander till he find it stopping a bunghole ?	Isn ’ t it possible to imagine that the noble ashes of Alexander the Great could end up plugging a hole in a barrel ?
Here comes newer comfort .	Here comes better news .
I , Beyond all limit of what else i 'th ’ world , Do love , prize , honour you .	I , Beyond all limit of whatever else in the world , Do love , prize , honor you .
I swear — By nothing , for this is no oath .	I swear — By nothing , because this is no oath .
If thou dost play with him at any game , Thou art sure to lose , and of that natural luck He beats thee ’ gainst the odds .	With his natural luck , he will beat you even against the odds .
Nor I know not Where I did lodge last night .	I can ’ t recall where I slept last night .
Is this a dagger which I see before me , The handle toward my hand ?	Is this a dagger which I see before me , The handle pointed toward my hand ?
Upon mine honor , sir , I heard a humming , And that a strange one too , which did awake me .	It ’ s true I heard a humming sound , a strange one , which woke me up .
Good sir , whose powers are these ?	Good sir , whose armies are these ?
Give him this letter .	Give him this letter .
The sight is dismal ; And our affairs from England come too late .	The sight is sad , And our affairs come too late from England .
Even now , now , very now , an old black ram Is tupping your white ewe .	At this very minute an old black ram is having sex with your little white lamb .
If that the earth could teem with woman 's tears , Each drop she falls would prove a crocodile .	If the earth could be flooded with woman 's tears , Each drop she lets fall would prove to be a crocodile .
Nay , an thou canst not smile as the wind sits , thou 'lt catch cold shortly .	No , if you can ’ t adjust to political changes , you ’ ll suffer for it .
An they will take it , so .	If people take what he says , fine .
Farewell , farewell .	Goodbye , goodbye .
Therefore I pray you That to our sister you do make return .	Please go back to Goneril ’ s house .
Do you hear , Roderigo ?	Do you hear me , Roderigo ?
What , ho !	what , ho !
Wilt thou be pleased to hearken once again to the suit I made to thee ?	Will it please you to listen once again to the favor I asked you ?
look where she comes .	Look , here she comes .
Woe , alas !	How horrible !
Up and down , up and down , I will lead them up and down .	Up and down , up and down , I will lead them up and down .
Ill luck , ill luck ?	Bad luck , bad luck ?
Trust me , sweet , Out of this silence yet I picked a welcome ; And in the modesty of fearful duty I read as much as from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence .	Trust me , sweet , Out of this silence , I still picked out a welcome ; And in the modesty of fearful duty , I can understand as much as if it were from the rattling tongue Of saucy and audacious eloquence .
Is ’ t come to this ?	Has it come to this ?
Good night , good doctor .	Unnatural acts will cause Good night , good doctor .
Tis thought that Richmond is their admiral ; And there they hull , expecting but the aid Of Buckingham to welcome them ashore .	Word is that Richmond is the navy ’ s admiral .
Go thy ways to a nunnery .	Hurry to a convent .
Fair thoughts and happy hours attend on you !	Beautiful thoughts and happy hours attend on you !
He is about the house .	He ’ s somewhere else in the house .
Will you walk , sir ?	Will you walk , sir ?
Think 'st thou I 'ld make a life of jealousy , To follow still the changes of the moon With fresh suspicions ?	Do you think I 'd make a life of jealousy To follow still the changes of the moon With fresh suspicions ?
O weary reckoning !	O weary calculations !
Thus the bowl should run , And not unluckily against the bias .	That ’ s how things should be — straight and smooth .
She ’ s dead , my Queen .	She ’ s dead , my Queen .
That which I gave you .	No , the one I gave you .
What !	What !
She is damned for it .	She ’ ll be damned for it .
Oh , do not wish one more !	Oh , do not wish one more !
The devil speaks in him .	It ’ s the devil speaking through him .
Wherefore ’ s this noise ?	What ’ s that noise ?
In Syracusa was I born , and wed Unto a woman happy but for me , And by me , had not our hap been bad .	And yet I would have made her happy had our luck not been so bad .
But these cannot I command to any utterance of harmony .	But I can ’ t play a melody .
I will incontinently drown myself .	I ’ m going to go drown myself .
Of all men else I have avoided thee .	Of all men else I have avoided you .
Cleopatra , catching but the least noise of this , dies instantly .	If Cleopatra hears even a breath of this , she ’ ll die immediately .
How dost thou feel thyself now ?	How are you feeling now ?
When our actions do not , Our fears do make us traitors .	When our actions do not make us traitors , Our fears do .
Behold !	Behold !
So many journeys may the sun and moon Make us again count o 'er ere love be done !	So many journeys may the sun and moon Make us count again before love is finished !
Thanks for that .	Thanks for that .
What was the last cry for ?	What was the last cry for ?
I follow thee .	I follow you .
The readiest way to make the wench amends Is to become her husband and her father ; The which will I , not all so much for love As for another secret close intent By marrying her which I must reach unto .	So that ’ s what I ’ ll do , not because I love her but because I ’ ll get something out of it .
A dream itself is but a shadow .	But a dream itself is just a shadow .
He is drowned Whom thus we stray to find , and the sea mocks Our frustrate search on land .	We ’ re searching on land , but he ’ s lost in the sea .
I am very glad to see you , signior ; Welcome to Cyprus .	I am very glad to see you , Signior ; Welcome to Cyprus .
Why then , can one desire too much of a good thing ? — Come , sister , you shall be the priest and marry us . — Give me your hand , Orlando . — What do you say , sister ?	And can a person ever have too much of a good thing ? — Come on , sister , you can be the priest and marry us . — Give me your hand , Orlando . — What do you say , sister ?
Stand , ho !	Stand , oh !
Was ever match clapped up so suddenly ?	Was there ever a match put together so quickly ?
The grief that does not speak Whispers the o 'er fraught heart , and bids it break .	The grief that does not speak Builds up softly in the heart , and bids it break .
Prithee , dispatch .	I beg you , leave .
That 's the end .	That 's the end .
Nay , good Sir Toby .	No , good Sir Toby .
My soul doth tell me Hero is belied , And that shall Claudio know ; so shall the Prince And all of them that thus dishonor her .	In my soul , I believe Hero has been falsely accused .
The heart is sorely charged .	Her heart is carrying a heavy weight .
Shine out , fair sun , till I have bought a glass , That I may see my shadow as I pass .	Come out , beautiful sun — until I ’ ve bought a mirror to admire my reflection in , I ’ ll watch my shadow as I stroll along .
I 'll to my book , For yet ere supper-time must I perform Much business appertaining .	I 'll go to my book ; Because still , before supper time , I must complete A lot of business relating to these two .
You will lose this wager , my lord .	You ’ re going to lose this bet , my lord .
Therefore great France My mourning and importuned tears hath pitied .	That ’ s why the King of France listened to my pleas and tears .
He is the general challenger .	He is the general challenger .
That will I do .	That I will do .
What he will do with it Heaven knows , not I ; I nothing but to please his fantasy .	What he will do with it heaven knows , I don ’ t ; I only give it to him to please him .
Why so ? — Ay , that way goes the game .	Why “ puppet ” ? — Oh , I see where this is going .
You lie out on 't , sir , and therefore ' tis not yours .	You lie out of it , sir , and therefore it ’ s not yours .
Wilt thou , O God , fly from such gentle lambs And throw them in the entrails of the wolf ?	Will you abandon such gentle lambs , God , and throw them to the wolves ?
I know not what ’ twas but distraction .	I don ’ t know what else it could be .
O thou vile king , Give me my father !	O you vile king , Give me my father !
There is no ancient gentlemen but gardeners , ditchers , and grave-makers .	There are no old gentlemen but gardeners , ditchers , and grave-makers .
Twas full two years ere I could get a tooth .	It took me two years before I had a single tooth .
But as ’ tis , We cannot miss him .	But even so , we can ’ t do without him .
What says my lord ?	What is it , my lord ?
I must tell you then .	I must tell you then .
Away !	Away !
You are passing welcome , And so I pray you all to think yourselves .	You are all most welcome here ; please make yourselves at home .
I pray you , what is he ?	Please tell me , who is this man ?
Now for ourself , and for this time of meeting .	Now what we have done so far Is this .
My lord of Gloucester hath conveyed him hence .	Lord Gloucester has helped him leave .
Then to the wood will he tomorrow night Pursue her .	He ’ ll run after her .
No , Corin , being old , thou canst not guess , Though in thy youth thou wast as true a lover As ever sighed upon a midnight pillow .	No Corin , since you ’ re old , you cannot guess — even if you were as dedicated a lover in your youth as there ever was , sighing and mooning all night long .
Well , what is it ?	Well , what ’ s your plan ?
Calphurnia here , my wife , stays me at home .	Calphurnia , my wife , is keeping me at home .
Oh ho , are you there with me ?	Oh ho , is that what you ’ re getting at ?
For he is , sure , i ' th ' island .	I ’ m sure he ’ s somewhere on the island .
Of so high and plenteous wit and invention !	Oh , she ’ s so witty and creative !
Most gracious majesty !	Most formidable Queen !
You told me so .	That ’ s right .
Most sure and vulgar .	Certainly .
I have professed me thy friend , and I confess me knit to thy deserving with cables of perdurable toughness .	I ’ ve told you I ’ m your friend , and I ’ ll stick by you .
You are a senator !	You ’ re a senator !
What is ’ t o 'clock ?	What time is it ?
I must to England ; you know that ?	I must go to England , you know that ?
Do not fret yourself too much in the action , monsieur .	Don ’ t tire yourself out , monsieur .
Come , poor remains of friends , rest on this rock .	Come , poor remains of friends , rest on this rock .
They will surely do us no harm .	Nobody will hurt us .
Advise yourself .	Think about it .
But what prevention ?	But what can be done to prevent it ?
And I pray God grant them a fair departure .	I wish them all safe trips home .
Hurt him in eleven places .	Hurt him in eleven different places .
But life , being weary of these worldly bars , Never lacks power to dismiss itself .	But if a man becomes weary of these obstacles , he can always kill himself .
And I ’ ll be wise hereafter And seek for grace .	And after this I ’ ll be good and hope you forgive me .
Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath . ” You shall look fairer ere I give or hazard .	He who chooses me must give and risk all he has . ” You ’ d have to be more attractive for me to give or risk anything for you .
And of all Christian souls , I pray God .	And of all Christian souls , I pray God .
But , in good sooth , are you he that hangs the verses on the trees wherein Rosalind is so admired ?	But really , are you the one who ’ s been hanging on the trees those poems that speak so admiringly of Rosalind ?
That you do think you are not what you are .	I think you ’ re denying what you really are .
His daughter and I will be king and queen — save our graces ! — and Trinculo and thyself shall be viceroys . — Dost thou like the plot , Trinculo ?	His daughter and I will be king and queen — God protect us ! — and you and Trinculo will be our governors . — Do you like that idea , Trinculo ?
Othello ?	Othello ?
Locked in her monument .	Locked in her tomb .
Hold , my hand .	Shake my hand .
First , know my horse is tired , my master and mistress fallen out .	Well , first of all , my horse is tired and my master and mistress have had a falling out .
They stand and would have parley .	They want to talk .
The general cause ?	The general cause ?
Is it not strange , Canidius , That from Tarentum and Brundusium He could so quickly cut the Ionian sea And take in Toryne ? — You have heard on ’ t , sweet ?	Isn ’ t it strange , Canidius , that he could cross the Ionian Sea so quickly from Tarentum and Brundusium and take Toryne ? — Have you heard about this , sweet ?
Angels and ministers of grace defend us !	Angels and ministers of grace defend us !
If this prove A vision of the island , one dear son Shall I twice lose .	If this proves to be A vision of the island , I shall lose One dear son twice .
I pray you , pass with your best violence .	Come on , give me your best shot .
First , madam , he is well .	Let me say first , madam , that he is well .
We cannot call her winds and waters sighs and tears .	Her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods .
All this can I Truly deliver .	I can truly deliver All this .
How malicious is my fortune , that I must repent to be just !	How unlucky am I , having to apologize for doing the right thing !
Will not he ?	Won ’ t he join us ?
What would you ?	What do you want ?
To his father , that so tenderly and entirely loves him .	toward his own father who loves him so completely .
But we will draw the curtain and show you the picture .	But I ’ ll open the curtain and let you see the picture .
Come , let 's do so ; For every minute is expectancy Of more arrivance .	Come , let 's do so , Because every minute is to expect More arrival .
Do so .	Do so .
Well moused , Lion .	Well moused , lion .
Go to , they are not men o ' their words .	I tell you , they are not honest men .
Therefore bear up and board ' em . — Servant- monster , drink to me .	Therefore , drink up . — Servant-monster , drink a toast to me .
Good madam , be not angry with the child .	Good lady , don ’ t be angry with the child .
I 'll follow , Stephano .	I 'll follow , Stephano .
Be happy .	Be happy .
High 'st queen of state , Great Juno , comes ; I know her by her gait .	Highest Queen of State , Great Juno comes ; I know her by her walk .
Where virtue is , these are more virtuous .	When a woman is virtuous , talents like these just make her better .
Marian , I say !	Maria !
Who maintains ' em ?	Who takes care of them ?
I have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed .	I put those wedding sheets on your bed , as you asked .
Good sir —	Good sir —
Crown him ?	Crown him ? — that .
Dispute it like a man .	Revenge it like a man .
Then , if they die unprovided , no more is the king guilty of their damnation than he was before guilty of those impieties for the which they are now visited .	So , if they die unprepared , the king is no more guilty of their damnation than he was guilty of the earlier crimes they ’ re finally being punished for .
Never fear that .	Don ’ t worry about that .
How likes Gremio these quick-witted folks ?	What do you think of these quick-witted folks , Gremio ?
She had a song of “ willow ” ; An old thing ' twas , but it express 'd her fortune , And she died singing it .	She had a song of " willow , " It was an old thing but it expressed her fortune , And she died singing it .
Thou thinkest I am in sport .	You think I ’ m kidding .
I will deliver you or else lie for you .	I will either get you out , lying if I have to , or stay in prison in your place .
One turf shall serve as pillow for us both ; One heart , one bed , two bosoms , and one troth .	One bit of land will be a pillow for us both ; One heart , one bed , two bosoms , and one trust .
There is no other way .	There ’ s no other way .
O Jew !	Oh , Jew !
Of all the days i ' the year , I came to ’ t that day that our last King Hamlet overcame Fortinbras .	A leathermaker will last nine years .
So please your Lordship to accept our duty .	Yes , if that would be all right with your Lordship .
Three or four wenches where I stood cried , “ Alas , good soul ! ” and forgave him with all their hearts .	Three or four women near me cried , “ Alas , good soul ! ” and forgave him with all their hearts .
We doubt it nothing .	We do not doubt it .
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
Wonder not till further warrant .	But don ’ t keep wondering without more proof .
Thou art rash as fire , to say That she was false .	You are impatient as fire , to say That she was false .
tis for the dead , not for the quick ; therefore thou liest .	It is for the dead , not for the quick , therefore you lie .
I do beseech you That are of suppler joints , follow them swiftly , And hinder them from this ecstasy May now provoke them to .	I beg you , Whose joints move easier than mine to follow them swiftly And stop them from what this vision May now provoke them to do .
Know then I came before you here a man prepared To take this offer , but Mark Antony Put me to some impatience .	You should know that when I came here I was prepared to accept your offer .
If by your art , my dearest father , you have Put the wild waters in this roar , allay them .	If , my dearest father , you have put the wild waters Into this fury by your magic , stop them .
What is Thisbe ?	What is Thisbe ?
These time ambles withal .	Time ambles for both men .
Hie thee , gentle Jew .	Hurry , gentle Jew .
But we both obey , And here give up ourselves , in the full bent , To lay our service freely at your feet , To be commanded .	We both obey , And here we give up ourselves , without reservation , To lay our service freely at your feet , To be commanded .
At your request !	You ’ re asking me !
The duke and senators of Venice greet you .	The duke and senators of Venice greet you .
How , how I pray you ?	Please , please tell me !
How then , sick ?	What then , sick ?
But now the duke of Buckingham and I Are come from visiting his majesty .	Yes , the duke of Buckingham and I have just returned from visiting him .
What ’ s your highness ’ pleasure ?	What can I do for your highness ?
There they hoist us , To cry to th ’ sea that roared to us , to sigh To th ’ winds , whose pity , sighing back again , Did us but loving wrong .	There they launched us , To cry to the sea that roared at us , to sigh To the winds , whose pity , sighing back again , Only did us loving wrong .
To a rope ’ s end , sir , and to that end am I returned .	And here I am , with that piece .
Alack , what heinous sin is it in me , To be asham 'd to be my father 's child !	It ’ s a pity , what hateful sin it is in me To be ashamed to be my father 's child !
And so , with no money at all and a little more wit , return again to Venice .	So with no money , but a little more wisdom , I ’ m going back to Venice .
Have you not spoken ' gainst the Duke of Cornwall aught ?	You haven ’ t said anything against the Duke of Cornwall , have you ?
Give him this And bid him keep it better than the other .	Give him this , And tell him keep it better than the other one .
It is my wretched fortune .	It is my wretched luck .
But in the beaten way of friend- ship , what make you at Elsinore ?	But , in the beaten way of friendship , what are you doing at Elsinore ?
Enough ; hold , or cut bow-strings .	Enough ; stay or get going !
Bring me no more reports ; let them fly all !	Don ’ t bring me any more reports .
Fare you well , sir .	Goodbye , sir .
Good guard Until their greater pleasures first be known That are to censure them .	Guard them carefully until we decide how to punish them .
Ay , if a woman live to be a man .	Yes , if a woman lives to be a man .
Scape being drunk for want of wine .	He wouldn ’ t get drunk much , since there ’ s no wine here .
Is this true ?	Is this true ?
My mistress here lies murdered in her bed — Oh , heavens forfend !	My mistress here lies murdered in her bed — No , heaven forbid !
I have two nights watched with you but can perceive no truth in your report .	I ’ ve stayed up with you for two nights now , and I haven ’ t seen any evidence of what you were talking about .
Most constantly .	Most constantly .
Beat him enough ; after a little time I 'll beat him too .	Beat him enough : after a little time , I 'll beat him too .
Come now , your promise .	Come now , your promise .
Thou may ’ st revenge — O slave !	Someday you can get revenge . — Oh , you bastard !
Come , my lord .	Come , my lord .
Yield , cur .	Surrender , dog !
Tis certain then for Cyprus .	It is certain , then , for Cyprus .
Caesar , I shall .	I will , Caesar .
Go to , go to .	Enough .
Oh , are you come , Iago ?	Oh , are you here , Iago ?
Come , brands , ho , fire- .	Come ; brands , oh !
They are not ever jealous for the cause , But jealous for they ’ re jealous .	They ’ re never jealous for a reason ; they ’ re just jealous .
I hear him coming .	I hear him coming .
Would they were clysterpipes for your sake !	I wish they were hypodermics for your sake !
What ’ s he That was not born of woman ?	You ’ ll be afraid to hear it .
They have not been commanded , mighty king .	They haven ’ t been commanded to go to the west , mighty king .
How is ’ t with you ?	How are you ?
What news from Genoa ?	Any news from Genoa ?
So help me every spirit sanctified As I have spoken for you all my best And stood within the blank of his displeasure For my free speech .	God knows I have done my best to argue for you , and made him angry at me for being so aggressive .
What was he that you followed with your sword ?	Who were you chasing with your sword ?
Is he not a most profane and liberal counselor ?	Isn ’ t he a horrible man ?
And therefore as a stranger give it welcome .	Then give it a nice welcome , as you would give to any stranger .
If you 'll sit down I 'll bear your logs the while .	If you 'll sit down , I 'll carry your logs the while .
Well , well , well .	Well , well , well .
O , that once more you knew but what you are !	If only you had a clearer memory of who you are !
Yet , by your gracious patience , I will a round unvarnish 'd tale deliver Of my whole course of love : what drugs , what charms , What conjuration , and what mighty magic For such proceeding I am charged withal I won his daughter .	Yet , by your gracious patience , I will deliver a round truthful tale Of my whole course of love , by what drugs , what charms , What invocation , and what mighty magic , Because I am charged with such crimes , I won his daughter .
Now I am alone .	Now I ’ m alone .
Vanish , or I shall give thee thy deserving , And blemish Caesar ’ s triumph .	Get out of my sight , or I ’ ll give you what you deserve and spoil Caesar ’ s victory .
I have , my lord .	I do indeed , my lord .
And tell me now , sweet friend , what happy gale Blows you to Padua here from old Verona ?	Now , my dear friend , what lucky wind blows you in from Verona ?
What , will you not suffer me ?	You mean you don ’ t even want to hear my side ?
And the right valiant Banquo walk 'd too late , Whom , you may say , if 't please you , Fleance kill 'd , For Fleance fled .	And the right valiant Banquo was out too late , Whom , you may say , if it please you , was killed by Fleance , Because Fleance fled .
Revenges burn in them , for their dear causes Would to the bleeding and the grim alarm Excite the mortified man .	Revenges burn in them , because their dear causes Would excite a dead man To the flowing of blood and the grim alarm .
Tell me , thou villain , where is my son Lucentio ?	Tell me , you monster , where is my son Lucentio ?
If in Naples I should report this now , would they believe me ?	If I told them about this back in Naples , would they believe me ?
If , sir , perchance She have restrained the riots of your followers , ' Tis on such ground and to such wholesome end As clears her from all blame .	If she restrained your rowdy knights , she had such a good reason that you can ’ t blame her for it .
Tis true indeed , so your daughter says .	It ’ s true , Hero says so .
Tarry , sweet soul , for mine ; then fly abreast , As in this glorious and well-foughten field We kept together in our chivalry . ” Upon these words I came and cheered him up .	Wait for mine , sweet soul .
I should have given ’ t you today morning , but as a madman ’ s epistles are no gospels , so it skills not much when they are delivered .	I would ’ ve given it to you this morning , but a madman ’ s letters aren ’ t Gospel , so it doesn ’ t matter much if I ’ m a bit late .
What had he done to you ?	What did he do to you ?
Caesar , all hail !	Caesar , all hail !
I cannot believe that in her .	I can ’ t believe that .
Shall I play my freedom at tray-trip , and become thy bondslave ?	Shall I be your slave ?
Just , just ; and the men do sympathize with the mastiffs in robustious and rough coming on , leaving their wits with their wives .	And the men resemble their English hounds in their loud , showy ferocity , too , leaving their brains behind with their wives .
You are unkind , Demetrius .	You ’ re competing for
Quick , quick !	Quick , quick .
Young Edward lives ; think now what I would speak .	Young Prince Edward is still alive — what do you think I ’ m going to say next ?
Come , come , the cause .	Come , come , the reason .
What is she ?	Who is she ?
For this slave , If there be any cunning cruelty That can torment him much and hold him long , It shall be his .	For this slave , If there be any cunning cruelty That can torment him a lot and stop him a long time , It shall be his .
But there is two hard things ; that is , to bring the moonlight into a chamber ; for , you know , Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight .	But there are two more hard things , that is , to bring the moonlight into a chamber , because , as you know , Pyramus and Thisbe meet by moonlight .
How now , Cassio !	Hey , Cassio !
Marry , sir , here 's my drift , And I believe it is a fetch of warrant .	By Mary , sir , here 's my intention : , And I believe it is a trick of protection .
What concern they ?	What is this news about ?
How is it , general ?	How is it , general ?
See , they encounter thee with their hearts ' thanks .	And they respond to you with their hearts as well .
Oh , ’ tis a gallant king !	Oh , he ’ s a gallant king !
Your vessels and your spells provide , Your charms and every thing beside .	Provide your vessels and your spells , Your charms , and everything else beside .
Kneel not , gentle Portia .	Don ’ t kneel , gentle Portia .
Go then and muster men , but leave behind Your son George Stanley .	Then go gather your men , but leave behind your son , George Stanley .
Why , now I see there 's mettle in thee ; and even from this instant do build on thee a better opinion than ever before .	Why , now I see there 's spirit in you ; and even from this instant , you build a better opinion of yourself than ever before .
Know him I shall , I am well sure of it .	I ’ ll recognize him all right , I ’ m sure of it .
Well too .	Well too .
I will do any thing , Nerissa , ere I ’ ll be married to a sponge .	I ’ ll do anything rather than marry a drunk , Nerissa .
Three parts of him Is ours already , and the man entire Upon the next encounter yields him ours .	Three parts of him Are ours already , and , at our next meeting , The whole man will be ours .
O Stephano , two Neapolitans scaped !	O Stephano , two Neapolitans escaped !
But now , I tell thee — keep it to thyself — This day those enemies are put to death , And I in better state than e 'er I was .	But now , I tell you — keep it to yourself , though — those enemies of mine are being put to death today , and I ’ m better than I ’ ve ever been .
If any , speak , for him have I offended .	If there are any , speak , because I offended him .
Where be thy tenants and thy followers ?	Where are your tenants and your followers ?
Prithee , do not turn me about .	Please stop turning me around .
I have been up this hour , awake all night .	I ’ ve been up all night .
If any man doubt that , let him put me to my purgation .	If anyone doubts this , let him put me on trial .
Faith , I must ; she 'll rail i ' the street else .	Faith , I must , or else she 'll raise a ruckus in the street .
An ’ t please your Majesty , ’ tis the gage of one that I should fight withal , if he be alive .	If it pleases your Majesty , it is the token of a man I must fight with , if he ’ s still alive .
This is the sergeant , Who , like a good and hardy soldier fought ’ Gainst my captivity .	This is the sergeant Who , like a good and hardy soldier , fought Against my being taken prisoner .
I think not so , my lord .	I don ’ t think so , my lord .
Anon he finds him , Striking too short at Greeks .	Eventually he finds him , Striking too short at the Greeks .
Upon what sickness ?	What sickness did she die of ?
Thou old unhappy traitor , Briefly thyself remember .	You old traitor , repent all your sins .
Our son shall win .	Our son shall win .
Think of me as you please .	I don ’ t care what you think of me .
And now , who knows But you , Lorenzo , whether I am yours ?	And now , who knows But you , Lorenzo , whether I am yours ?
What answer , sir ?	Said what , sir ?
She ’ s but the sign and semblance of her honor .	She only appears honorable from the outside .
Say ’ st me so , friend ?	Tell me , friend .
What revels are in hand ?	What revels are in store ?
Four days will quickly steep themselves in night ; Four nights will quickly dream away the time ; And then the moon , like to a silver bow New-bent in heaven , shall behold the night Of our solemnities .	Four days will quickly dissolve into four nights ; Four nights will quickly dream away the time ; And then the moon , like a silver slice in the heavens , Will light the night of our wedding solemnities .
The skies , the fountains , every region near Seemed all one mutual cry .	The forests , the skies , the mountains , everything around us seemed to echo the barks of the hounds .
O momentary grace of mortal men , Which we more hunt for than the grace of God !	We spend more time seeking out the fleeting glories of this temporary world than looking to the permanent grace of God !
Thou ’ dst shun a bear , But if thy flight lay toward the raging sea Thou ’ dst meet the bear i ' th ' mouth .	You would run away from a bear , but if the only way to run was into the stormy ocean , you ’ d turn around and confront the bear .
No , boy .	No , boy .
What 's done is done .	What ’ s done is done .
I must needs tell thee all .	I must tell you everything .
Your betters , sir .	Your superiors .
Farewell , my dearest sister , fare thee well .	Good-bye , my dearest sister , good-bye .
But men may construe things after their fashion , Clean from the purpose of the things themselves .	But men tend to interpret things however suits them and totally miss the actual meaning of the things themselves .
Then say they were not slain .	Then you might as well say they ’ re not dead .
My lord , I claim the gift , my due by promise , For which your honor and your faith is pawned — Th ' earldom of Hereford and the movables Which you promisèd I shall possess .	My lord , I ’ d want to have the gift you promised me on your honor : the earldom of Hereford and all the possessions that go with it .
The Duke in council ?	The Duke ’ s in a meeting ?
No going then !	You didn ’ t want to go then !
Come hither , good Volumnius .	Come here , good Volumnius .
This man said , sir , that Don John , the Prince ’ s brother , was a villain .	This man said , sir , that Don John , the Prince ’ s brother , was a villain .
Are you drawn forth among a world of men To slay the innocent ?	It ’ s your job in life to kill the innocent ?
And look , where Publius is come to fetch me .	And look , here ’ s Publius , come to fetch me .
No , indeed , my lord .	No , indeed , my lord .
If the balance of our lives had not one scale of reason to poise another of sensuality , the blood and baseness of our natures would conduct us to most prepost 'rous conclusions .	If we didn ’ t have rational minds to counterbalance our emotions and desires , our bodily urges would take over .
I perceive these lords At this encounter do so much admire That they devour their reason and scarce think Their eyes do offices of truth , these words Are natural breath .	I see these lords So much admire at this meeting That they eat their own common sense , and scarcely think Their eyes tell them the truth .
Antonio and old Shylock , both stand forth .	Antonio and Shylock , both of you come forward .
How does Hamlet ?	I ’ m glad about that .
Here ’ s the smell of the blood still .	I still have the smell of blood on my hand .
If he come tomorrow , I ’ ll give him his payment .	If he shows up tomorrow , I ’ ll give him what ’ s coming to him .
I ’ ll drink for you .	I ’ ll do most of the drinking for you .
What ’ s he that speaks for Edmund , Earl of Gloucester ?	Who ’ s the spokesman for Edmund , Earl of Gloucester ?
In your dumps ?	Are you down in the dumps ?
Why , there , there , there , there !	Oh , oh , oh !
I beseech you , let his lack of years be no impediment to let him lack a reverend estimation ; for I never knew so young a body with so old a head .	Please don ’ t let his youth be an impediment to giving him the utmost respect , because I never knew so young a body with so old a head .
Then he is dead ?	Then he is dead ?
Yes , sir .	Yes , sir .
Mistress !	Madam !
If they make you not then the better answer , you may say they are not the men you took them for .	If even then they don ’ t answer to your satisfaction , you can say that they ’ re not the men you thought they were .
The taming school ?	The taming school ?
I saw him put down the other day with an ordinary fool that	The other day I saw him defeated in a
Tut , fear not me .	Don ’ t worry about me .
Nay , that 's certain .	Yes , that 's certain .
Take comfort .	Don ’ t worry .
Take each man ’ s censure but reserve thy judgment .	Hear everyone ’ s opinion , but reserve your judgment .
And thus thy fall hath left a kind of blot To mark the full-fraught man and best endued With some suspicion .	Your fall has left a blot that opens even the best and brightest to suspicion .
O , if thou wert the noblest of thy strain , Young man , thou couldst not die more honorable .	O , if you were the noblest of your strain , Young man , you could not die more honorably .
Let ’ s see .	Let ’ s see .
Besides , there is no king , be his cause never so spotless , if it come to the arbitrament of swords , can try it out with all unspotted soldiers .	Besides , there ’ s no king , however pure his cause , who , if it comes to a trial by combat , can rely on using completely blameless soldiers .
How answer you for yourselves ?	How do you both plead ?
I saw thee late at the Count Orsino ’ s .	I saw you at Count Orsino ’ s recently .
How came her eyes so bright ?	How did her eyes get so bright ?
Fortune and victory sit on thy helm !	Let fortune and victory be yours !
Both of you Know Banquo was your enemy .	You both know Banquo was your enemy .
Did ’ t not wake you ?	Didn ’ t you hear it ?
tis e 'en so .	That ’ s true .
Truly then I fear you are damned both by father and mother : thus when I shun Scylla , your father , I fall into Charybdis , your mother : well , you are gone both ways .	Honestly , then I ’ m afraid you are dammed both by father and mother ; when I keep away from the Sea Monster , your father , I fall into an equal evil , your mother ; well , you are gone both ways .
Thou art a cobbler , art thou ?	You ’ re a mender , are you ?
Oh , lay me by my mistress ' side .	Lay me next to my mistress .
Thou hadst , and more , Miranda .	You did , and more , Miranda .
Stephano !	CALIBAN Stephano !
This mortal house I ’ ll ruin , Do Caesar what he can .	Let Caesar do whatever he wants .
So am I purposed .	That ’ s what I intend to do too .
Like to Lysander sometime frame thy tongue , Then stir Demetrius up with bitter wrong ; And sometime rail thou like Demetrius ; And from each other look thou lead them thus , Till o 'er their brows death-counterfeiting sleep With leaden legs and batty wings doth creep .	Sometimes , imitate Lysander ’ s voice , To stir up Demetrius ’ anger ; And sometimes , sound like Demetrius ; And that way you can lead them from each other , Until sleep imitating death creeps over their eyebrows With leaden legs and batty wings .
Ay , sir , for three months .	Yes , for three months .
Was ever man so weary ?	Was a man ever so tired ?
Pardon me , Julius !	Pardon me , Julius !
Go to , away !	Get going ; away !
Will you hear me , Roderigo ?	Will you listen to me , Roderigo ?
Forgive me my foul murder ?	Forgive me of my foul murder !
What paper were you reading ?	What ’ s that paper you were reading ?
As good a gentleman as the emperor .	I ’ m as good a gentleman as the emperor .
He needs not .	He doesn ’ t have to care .
Good friend , go to him , for by this light of heaven , I know not how I lost him .	Good friend , go to him ; because , by this light of heaven , I don ’ t know how I lost him .
Your cause of sorrow Must not be measured by his worth , for then It hath no end .	Your cause of sorrow Must not be measured by his worth , because then It will have no end .
Now heaven walks on earth .	An angel is walking on earth .
Goats and monkeys !	Horny animals !
Wherein , my friends , have I offended you ?	Besides , how have I offended you , my friends ?
Unto bad causes swear Such creatures as men doubt .	Only men whom you wouldn ’ t trust anyway would swear oaths , and for the worst reasons .
She took the ring of me .	She took that ring from me .
He wish 'd today our enterprise might thrive .	He wished that our undertaking today might thrive .
Somebody knocks .	Somebody ’ s knocking .
If you would know your wronger , look on me .	If you want to see your deceiver , then look at me .
I will this night , In several hands , in at his windows throw , As if they came from several citizens , Writings all tending to the great opinion That Rome holds of his name , wherein obscurely Caesar ’ s ambition shall be glancèd at .	Tonight I ’ ll throw through his window a few letters in different handwriting — as if they came from several citizens — all testifying to the great respect Romans have for Brutus , and all alluding to Caesar ’ s unseemly ambition .
He had a fever when he was in Spain , And when the fit was on him , I did mark How he did shake .	He had a fever when he was in Spain , And , when the fit was on him , I noticed How he shook .
to Trinculo &ket; How didst thou ’ scape ?	How did you escape ?
Where ?	Where ?
A calendar , a calendar !	We need a calendar !
He hath much land , and fertile .	He has much fertile land .
Tell me , Othello .	Tell me , Othello .
Tush , fear not , man .	Oh , don ’ t worry about it — we ’ ll dip your I ’ ll get you for that one .
Hold you still .	Stay here .
This , Casca .	This is Casca .
Call to me All my sad captains .	Invite all my sad captains .
I do arrest you , sir .	You ’ re under arrest , sir .
These gloves the Count sent me , they are an excellent perfume .	The Count sent me an excellent pair of perfumed gloves .
Those that have known the earth so full of faults .	Those men that know the earth is full of faults .
He would not take the crown ; Therefore ' tis certain he was not ambitious .	Caesar wouldn ’ t take the crown ; It ’ s certain he wasn ’ t ambitious for that reason .
Sound , trumpet !	Blow the trumpet !
O , ’ tis a parlous boy , Bold , quick , ingenious , forward , capable .	Oh , he ’ s a dangerously clever boy — bold , quick-witted , capable .
I will none of your money .	I ’ ll have none of your money .
A friend .	A friend .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
Would he would change !	I wish he would change !
Of princes in this number And nobles bearing banners , there lie dead One hundred twenty-six .	Among them are one hundred twenty-six princes and standard-bearing nobles .
Bring me word how tall she is .	Bring me his answers quickly .
Ready .	Ready .
Old lord , I cannot blame thee , Who am myself attached with weariness , To th ’ dulling of my spirits .	Old lord , I can ’ t blame you .
Abide within .	Stay within .
Is there any cause in nature that makes these hard hearts ?	Is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart ?
And most poor matters Point to rich ends .	And you can do poor things that lead to rich results .
Therefore this project	So she is drowned .
Yes indeed .	That ’ s right .
He is justly served .	He got what he deserved .
Tear him , tear him !	Tear him apart , tear him up !
Very brief , and to exceeding good sense — less .	Nice and short and full of good sense — or should I say nonsense ?
Now thou and I are new in amity , And will tomorrow midnight solemnly Dance in Duke Theseus ' house triumphantly , And bless it to all fair prosperity .	Now you and I have a new friendship , And will solemnly dance In Duke Theseus ' house triumphantly , Tomorrow at midnight And bless it for all fair prosperity .
Do so .	Do so .
Kind gentlemen , your pains Are register 'd where every day I turn The leaf to read them .	Kind gentlemen , every day I turn The page , your pains are registered where I can read them .
Here at the door .	By the door .
Lord , let me never have a cause to sigh , Till I be brought to such a silly pass !	Lord , may I never see a day of trouble until the day I let someone treat me like that .
I am come To bid my king and master aye good night .	I ’ ve come to say farewell to my king and master .
Many good morrows to my noble lord .	Good morning , my noble lord .
Angels are bright still , though the brightest fell .	Angels are still bright even though Lucifer , the brightest angel , fell from heaven .
tis now the very witching time of night , When churchyards yawn , and hell itself breathes out Contagion to this world .	Now , it ’ s the very witching time of night , When churchyards awake , and hell itself breathes out Disease to this world .
Is thy master coming ?	Is your master coming ?
I pray God he be not , I say .	I pray to God he isn ’ t .
Must I bite ?	Must I bite ?
I have locked the letter in my closet .	I ’ ve locked it up in my room .
If that may be , then all is well .	If that can be done , then I think we ’ ve covered everything .
Flute , you must take Thisbe on you .	Flute , you must take the role of Thisbe .
O Lord , Lord , it is a hard matter for friends to meet , but mountains may be removed with earthquakes and so encounter .	It ’ s difficult to bring two friends together , but even mountains can be moved together by earthquakes .
O , quicken them with thine !	Enliven them with yours !
If trembling I inhabit then , protest me The baby of a girl .	If I tremble then , you can call me a little girl .
Then yield thee , coward , And live to be the show and gaze o ’ the time .	Then surrender , you coward , And live to be the center of attention of the times .
I will not speak with her .	I will not speak with her .
In such a night as this , When the sweet wind did gently kiss the trees And they did make no noise , in such a night Troilus methinks mounted the Trojan walls And sighed his soul toward the Grecian tents Where Cressid lay that night .	I think that on a night like this , when the wind blew the trees so gently that they didn ’ t make a sound , On a night like this , On a night like this , On a night like this ,
Therefore , good Emilia , Give me my nightly wearing , and adieu .	So give me my nightgown , Emilia , and I ’ ll say goodnight .
Sweet Phoebe , pity me .	Sweet Phoebe , have pity on me .
She that , so young , could give out such a seeming , To seel her father ’ s eyes up close as oak , He thought ’ twas witchcraft .	She was so young , but she deceived her father so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft !
Thy love ne 'er alter till thy sweet life end !	I hope your love for me remains this strong for your entire life !
I ’ ll write to him a very taunting letter , And thou shalt bear it .	I ’ ll write him a taunting letter , and you can deliver it .
Off with his son George ’ s head !	Off with his son George ’ s head !
News , old news , and such news as you never heard of !	I have news — old news such as you never heard before !
Tranio hits you now .	Tranio got you that time .
I prithee , turn aside and weep for her .	I beg you , turn away and cry for her .
Off , pluck off !	Take off my armor .
See me no more , whether he be dead or no .	You ’ ll never see me again , whether or not he ’ s dead .
I ' th ' clout , i ' th ' clout .	Whoosh !
This seen , Orlando did approach the man And found it was his brother , his elder brother .	He discovered that the man was his older brother .
Sir , a whole history .	Sir , I ’ ll give you a whole history .
Marry , sir , to bid my old master the Jew to sup tonight with my new master the Christian .	To invite my former boss , the Jew , to dine tonight with my new master , the Christian .
Urchins Shall , forth at vast of night that they may work , All exercise on thee .	I ’ ll send goblins out at night to work their nasty deeds on you .
I know not that , when he knows what I know .	I don ’ t know that , once he knows what I know .
Tie up the libertine in a field of feasts , Keep his brain fuming .	Keep this libertine occupied with endless debauchery .
I grant him bloody , Luxurious , avaricious , false , deceitful , Sudden , malicious , smacking of every sin That has a name .	I admit that he ’ s murderous , lecherous , greedy , lying , deceitful , violent , malicious , and guilty of every sin that has a name .
Do it at once , Or thy precedent services are all But accidents unpurposed .	Do it immediately , or all your previous services to me were accidental , without purpose .
I make not , but foresee .	I don ’ t make fortunes ; I only see them .
Are our eyes our own ?	Are these our eyes ?
I tell you ' tis not very well .	I tell you it is not very well .
I hoped thou shouldst have been my Hamlet 's wife ; I thought thy bride-bed to have deck 'd , sweet maid , And not have strew 'd thy grave .	I hoped you would have been my Hamlet 's wife , I thought to have decorated your bride-bed , sweet maid , And not your grave .
Shall we to the court ?	Shall we to the court ?
You must be father to your brother ’ s daughter , And give her to young Claudio .	You have to pretend to be your niece ’ s father , and give her away to Claudio .
My liege , your highness now may do me good .	Before you make My lord , you could really help me out now .
One heart , one bed , two bosoms , and one troth .	We ’ ll have one heart , one bed , two bodies , and one faithful vow .
My creditors grow cruel .	My creditors are getting mean .
I ’ ll meet you at that place some hour hence .	I ’ ll meet you there in an hour .
You are almost come to part almost a fray .	You just missed a fight that was barely avoided .
And for mine own part , I durst not laugh for fear of opening my lips and receiving the bad air .	As for myself , I didn ’ t dare laugh , for fear of opening my lips and inhaling the stinking air .
But screw your courage to the sticking-place , And we 'll not fail .	Only dig deep for your courage , And we 'll not fail .
Why , Antony .	Why , Antony .
See what a rent the envious Casca made .	See the wound that Casca made .
He is well paid that is well satisfied .	Being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough .
Go to , away .	Go away , now .
He forbids it , Being free from vainness and self-glorious pride , Giving full trophy , signal , and ostent Quite from himself , to God .	He refuses , as he is free of vanity and self-serving pride and ascribes all the glory and responsibility for victory to God .
Love takes the meaning in love 's conference .	Love takes the meaning in love 's conversation .
They did entreat me to acquaint her of it , But I persuaded them , if they loved Benedick , To wish him wrestle with affection And never to let Beatrice know of it .	They did want me to tell her , but I persuaded them that , if they truly loved Benedick , they would try to get him to battle his emotions and keep Beatrice in the dark .
I have it not about me .	I don ’ t have it with me .
I take no pleasure In aught an eunuch has .	I ’ m not interested in anything a eunuch can do .
For better might we Have loved without this mean , if on both parts This be not cherished .	If you and I don ’ t value her equally , it would be better for us to work out our differences without her .
Tis evermore the prologue to his sleep .	He drinks like this every night before he goes to sleep .
For though she ’ s as like this as a crab ’ s like an apple , yet I can tell what I can tell .	Even though she ’ s as similar to Goneril as one crabapple is like another , still … I know what I know .
Upon what cause ?	Why ?
Our master and mistress seeks you .	Our master and mistress are looking for you .
Why , it stood by her .	It stands by her bedside .
O weary night , O long and tedious night , Abate thy hours .	Oh , what a long , tedious , exhausting night !
You are welcome .	It ’ s lovely to see you .
Yes , as sparrows eagles , or the hare the lion .	The new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten eagles , or rabbits frighten a lion .
Tell me your mind .	Tell me what you want .
Tis unnatural , Even like the deed that 's done .	It ’ s unnatural , Even like the deed that 's been done .
I humbly beseech you , proceed to the affairs of state .	I humbly beg you , proceed to the affairs of state .
Sirrah , a word with you .	Servant , a word with you .
What makes that frontlet on ?	Why are you frowning like that ?
Was this fair paper , this most goodly book , Made to write “ whore ” upon ?	Was this beautiful paper , this very excellent book , Made to write “ whore ” on ?
Yes , marry , sir .	Yes , of course .
I did send to you For certain sums of gold , which you denied me , For I can raise no money by vile means .	I asked you For certain sums of gold , which you denied me ; — Because I cannot raise any money by dirty means .
Awake , awake !	Awake , awake !
But ’ tis gone .	But now it ’ s stopped .
Thou speakest aright : I am that merry wanderer of the night .	I am that merry wanderer of the night .
There ’ s knocking at the gate .	There ’ s a knocking at the gate .
One aloof stand sentinel .	One of us will stay and stand guard .
I have brought you from Venice .	I have brought you from Venice .
I dare be sworn for him he would not leave it Nor pluck it from his finger for the wealth That the world masters .	I ’ d swear he wouldn ’ t leave it behind , or even take it off his finger , for all the money in the world .
Nor I , my lord .	Nor I , my lord .
Greater than both , by the all-hail hereafter !	Greater than both , by the all-hail hereafter !
What ’ s your will ?	How can I help you ?
Ay , marry , am I , sir ; and now ’ tis plotted !	I did — and now I ’ ve got it !
Come let ’ s in all .	Come on , let ’ s all go inside .
In what chapter of his bosom ?	In what chapter and verse of his heart ?
I know her by her gait .	I know her by her walk .
Scarcity and want shall shun you , Ceres ’ blessing so is on you .	Scarcity and want shall ignore you ; Ceres ' blessing so be on you .
What , removed ?	what , gone ?
And for that purpose I 'll anoint my sword .	And for that purpose , I ’ ll poison my sword .
The greatest is behind .	The greatest hurdle is behind me .
Then , with your will , go on .	If that ’ s what you want , all right .
No , it begins again .	No , there it is again .
The gods defend her ! — hear him hence awhile .	Heaven help her ! — Get him out of here for now .
Will it give place to flexure and low bending ?	Will it be chased away by bowing and scraping ?
I go ; and towards three or four o 'clock Look for the news that the Guildhall affords .	Around three or four o 'clock , look for news from the meeting hall .
I should not need , if you were gentle Brutus .	I shouldn ’ t need to , if you were acting like gentle Brutus .
My gorge rises at it .	I want to vomit .
Welcome , my lord .	Welcome , my lord .
Why , by making him uncapable of Othello ’ s place : knocking out his brains .	I mean knock his brains out , so he can ’ t take Othello ’ s place .
But Antonio is certainly undone .	But Antonio is certainly bankrupt .
You tell us the manner of the wrestling .	Tell us about this wrestling .
I slept the next night well , fed well , was free and merry .	I slept well , ate well , and was happy .
He cannot by the duello avoid it .	The rules of dueling say he has to .
Lear ’ s shadow .	You ’ re Lear ’ s shadow .
Every offence is not a hate at first .	Every wrong is not a hate at first .
Lay thy finger thus , and let thy soul be instructed .	Lay your finger like this , and let your soul be instructed .
I ’ ll wait upon your Lordship .	I ’ ll follow you , my lord .
I know you what you are , And like a sister am most loath to call Your faults as they are named .	I know you for what you really are , but as your sister I ’ m reluctant to criticize you .
A soothsayer bids you beware the ides of March .	A man who can tell the future is telling you to beware March 15 .
Alack , sir , I am sand-blind , I know you not .	Sorry , sir , I am half-blind ; I don ’ t know you .
Or if thou follow me , do not believe But I shall do thee mischief in the wood .	Or if you follow me , you ’ d better understand that I ’ ll do something bad to you in the forest .
Have not you love enough to bear with me , When that rash humor which my mother gave me Makes me forgetful ?	Do you have enough love for me to be patient when my bad temper , which I inherited from my mother , makes me forget how I should behave ?
Oh , wretched villain !	I ’ ve acted like such a villain !
Call up my brother .	Call my brother .
Confess and love ” Had been the very sum of my confession .	Confess and love ” is more like it .
His speech was like a tangled chain .	His speech was like a tangled chain .
Why should you think that I should woo in scorn ?	Why should you think that I should not court you seriously ?
Retire we to our chamber .	Let ’ s go to our bedroom .
The more I hate , the more he follows me .	The more I hate him , the more he follows me around .
O , now I need the priest that spake to me !	Oh , now I really need that priest who spoke to me today !
Am I a married man or a bachelor ?	Am I a married man or a bachelor ?
Say you have wronged her , sir .	Admit you were wrong .
So every bondman in his own hand bears The power to cancel his captivity .	In fact , every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the tool to free himself .
Wherefore ?	Why ?
Cut my lace , Charmian , come !	Cut my corset laces , Charmian , so I can breathe .
How say you by that ?	How say you by that ?
Madam , I wish it may .	Madam , I wish it may .
In faith , my lord , not I.	I swear to God I won ’ t .
But it becomes me well enough , does ’ t not ?	But my hair looks good anyway , doesn ’ t it ?
Ay , millstones , as he lessoned us to weep .	Yes , he ’ ll weep stones , as he taught us to do .
When Caesar says “ Do this , ” it is perform 'd .	When Caesar says , " Do this , " I do it .
Go softly on .	Go softly on .
So , I am satisfied .	Good , I ’ m satisfied .
What handkerchief ?	What handkerchief !
To find out you .	To find you .
It were too gross To rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave .	Lead ’ s too crass to hold her .
No , let the candied tongue lick absurd pomp , And crook the pregnant hinges of the knee Where thrift may follow fawning .	No , keep flattery for kissing the hands of those who can pay well .
Regan , I think you are .	I believe you are , Regan .
She is indeed perfection .	She ’ s a perfect woman , it ’ s true .
If this fall into thy hand , revolve .	If this letter falls into your hands , think carefully about what it says .
Then keep thy vow , sirrah , when thou meet ’ st the fellow .	Then keep your vow , fellow , when you meet the man .
To be Count Malvolio !	Just think , I could be Count Malvolio !
Why ?	Why ?
Surely I do believe your fair cousin is wronged .	I really believe your cousin was falsely accused .
Twas the boy that stole your meat , and you ’ ll beat the post .	A boy robbed you , but you ’ ll beat up the post instead .
Must there no more be done ?	Isn ’ t there more be done ?
Charles , I thank thee for thy love to me , which thou shalt find I will most kindly requite .	Charles , I thank you for your loyalty to me , and you ’ ll see that I ’ ll reward you .
If he but blench , I know my course .	Even if he only winks , I know what I have to do .
How came these things to pass ?	How did this happen ?
Make me to see ’ t , or at the least so prove it That the probation bear no hinge nor loop To hang a doubt on , or woe upon thy life !	Show me , or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt .
The earth hath bubbles as the water has , And these are of them .	The earth has bubbles , as boiling water has , And these spirits are like that .
Madam , although I speak it in your presence , You have a noble and a true conceit Of god-like amity ; which appears most strongly In bearing thus the absence of your lord .	Madam , although I ’ m saying it in front of you , You have a noble and a true understanding Of godlike friendship , which appears most strongly In your behaving like this in the absence of your lord .
O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !	O Cassio , Cassio , Cassio !
Tooth that poisons if it bite , Mastiff , greyhound , mongrel grim ,	Whether you bite to kill , Mastiff , greyhound , or ugly mutt ,
Fine , i ' faith !	Fine , OK !
Fortune is merry , And in this mood will give us anything .	Fortune is happy today and , in this mood , will give us anything we want .
Yet say I , he is in love .	I repeat , he ’ s in love .
The “ fiery ” duke ?	The “ passionate ” duke ?
I know not why he comes .	I don ’ t know why he ’ s come here .
Horatio — or I do forget myself .	Or I do forget myself !
Here comes the good Macduff .	Here comes the good Macduff .
Publius , good cheer , There is no harm intended to your person , Nor to no Roman else .	We don ’ t intend to harm you , Or any other Roman .
Lorenzo certain , and my love indeed — For who love I so much ?	Lorenzo , that ’ s for sure , and I ’ m also sure you ’ re my love — who else do I love so much ?
How long hath this possession held the man ?	How long has he been possessed like this ?
We ’ ll hear him . — Noble Antony , go up .	We ’ ll listen to him .
I ’ ll talk with this good fellow .	I ’ ll talk with this good man .
What is your will that I shall do with this ?	What do you want me to do with this ?
Then ’ tis he : the rest That are within the note of expectation Already are i ’ the court .	Then it is he ; the rest That are nobles Are already in the court .
What watchful cares do interpose themselves Betwixt your eyes and night ?	What worries have kept you awake tonight ?
And what ’ s to come of my despisèd time Is naught but bitterness .	The rest of my life will be nothing but bitterness .
Good friend , be gone .	Leave me , my friend .
Sometime I ’ d divide , And burn in many places .	Sometimes I appeared in many places at once .
By Gis and by Saint Charity , Alack , and fie for shame !	By God and by Saint Charity , Pity , and for shame , for shame !
I pant for life .	I wish I could live longer .
Therefore then , thou gaudy gold , Hard food for Midas , I will none of thee .	So I ’ ll have nothing to do with that gaudy gold box — it ’ s like the gold that Midas couldn ’ t eat .
I sent you money , sir , to be your bail By Dromio , but I think he brought it not .	I sent Dromio to you with money for bail , but I don ’ t think he brought it to you .
There ’ s fire ready .	The fire is ready .
I know he would not be a wolf But that he sees the Romans are but sheep .	I know he wouldn ’ t be a wolf if the Romans didn ’ t act like sheep .
To save her life , I ’ ll say she is not so .	To save her life , I ’ ll say she doesn ’ t .
Now , what news on the Rialto ?	Now , what ’ s the news in the Marketplace ?
He ’ s dead and rotten .	He ’ s dead and rotting in the dirt now .
Why , man ?	Why do you say that ?
Fairy king , attend and mark ; I do hear the morning lark .	Fairy king , see and listen ; I do hear the morning lark .
And they have conspired together .	And they ’ ve been plotting things together .
I ’ ll not expostulate with her , lest her body and beauty unprovide my mind again — This night , Iago !	I won ’ t argue with her , so her beautiful body won ’ t disarm me . — Tonight , Iago .
Let go his arm .	Let go of his arm .
Beyond imagination is the wrong That she this day hath shameless thrown on me .	The things she has shamelessly hurled on me are beyond imagination .
I will not be sworn but love may transform me to an oyster , but I ’ ll take my oath on it , till he have made an oyster of me , he shall never make me such a fool .	I can ’ t promise that love won ’ t transform me , but I can promise you this : until I truly fall in love , a woman will never make me act like such a fool .
My husband , then ?	Will you be my husband , then ?
Give me audience , good madam .	Let me talk , good lady .
He is much changed .	He ’ s changed a great deal .
We please them not by land .	We didn ’ t please them on land .
Prithee , peace !	Pray you , peace !
I am glad of it .	I am glad of it .
Come to the Capitol .	Come to the Capitol .
Well , what worst ?	Well , give me the worst news .
I see a voice .	I see a voice !
Though Nature hath given us wit to flout at Fortune , hath not Fortune sent in this fool to cut off the argument ?	And even though Nature has given us the wit to have this argument , hasn ’ t Fortune sent this fool here to stop us ?
Marry , I 'll teach you .	By Mary , I ’ ll teach you .
And so had I , but yet , for fashion sake , I thank you too for your society .	Me too , but still , for the sake of good manners , I ’ ll say thanks for your company .
For lead ?	For lead ?
Heavens make our presence and our practices Pleasant and helpful to him !	May the heavens make our presence and our practices Pleasant and helpful to him !
I am a tainted wether of the flock , Meetest for death .	I ’ m like the one sick sheep in the flock , the one who deserves to die .
Out of doubt he is transported .	I ’ m sure he ’ s been kidnapped .
But this is trifling , And all the more it seeks to hide itself The bigger bulk it shows .	The more I try to hide what I ’ m feeling , the bigger it gets .
This , Decius Brutus .	This , Decius Brutus .
Ay , springes to catch woodcocks .	These vows are just traps for stupid birds .
Signior Fabian , stay you by this gentleman till my return .	Mr. Fabian , stay with this gentleman until I come back .
We ’ ll speak with thee at sea .	We ’ ll meet you at sea .
I am but hurt .	I ’ ve only been hurt , not killed .
I chose her when I could not ask my father For his advice , nor thought I had one .	I chose her when I couldn ’ t ask my father For his advice , or didn ’ t think I had a father .
Ourself will mingle with society And play the humble host .	We will mingle with these people , And play the humble host .
Do not doubt , Cassio , But I will have my lord and you again As friendly as you were .	Don ’ t doubt it , Cassio , That I will have my lord and you As friendly again as you were .
In my mind ’ s eye , Horatio .	In my imagination , Horatio .
I heard him swear his affection .	I heard him swear he did .
Good morrow , masters .	Good morning , gentlemen .
For besides these beneficial news , it is the celebration of his nuptial .	For besides the good news , we are also celebrating his marriage .
And liegemen to the Dane .	And servants of the Danish king .
Marry , sir , to bid my old master the Jew to sup to-night with my new master the Christian .	Damn it , sir , to bid my old master , the Jew , to come to supper tonight with my new master , the Christian .
Throw your vile guesses in the devil 's teeth , From whence you have them .	Throw your vile guesses into the devil 's teeth , From where you got them .
But I pray you , ergo , old man , ergo , I beseech you , talk you of young Master Launcelot ?	But excuse me , Yes , I ’ m talking about Launcelot , sir .
Do you smell a fault ?	Do you smell something naughty ?
He embraces Gonzalo &ket; &bra; He embraces Gonzalo &ket; Whither this be Or be not , I 'll not swear .	I won ’ t swear whether this is Or is not true .
Good my lord , put your discourse into some frame , and start not so wildly from my affair .	My good lord , please re-phrase what you ’ re saying , and don ’ t give me answers so far away from my question .
And in part him , but , ” you may say , “ not well .	You should say , “ I sort of know him , but not well .
Some to Decius ' house , and some to Casca 's , some to Ligarius ' .	Some go to Decius ' house , and some to Casca 's , some to Ligarius ' .
Look where he goes even now out at the portal !	Look , where he goes , even now out the door !
Come , instance .	Come , explain .
Mistress !	Mistress !
Nay , heaven doth know .	Heaven knows .
I could make as true a boast as that if I had a sow to my mistress .	I could make the same boast even if I had a pig as my mistress .
Good night .	Good night , Pompey .
It shall to the barber 's , with your beard .	It shall go to the barber 's , to be cut with your beard .
You knew , none so well , none so well as you , of my daughter 's flight .	You knew , none so well , none so well as you , of my daughter 's flight .
Go , Sir Andrew .	Go , Sir Andrew .
wherefore ?	Why ?
What is it thou didst say ?	What is it you said ?
Her waspish-headed son has broke his arrows , Swears he will shoot no more , but play with sparrows And be a boy right out .	Venus went home again , and her little son broke all his arrows , swearing he ’ ll never shoot them again , but play with birds like other little boys .
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
My royal cousin , teach you our princess English ?	My royal kinsman , are you teaching our princess English ?
No , no , forsooth , I dare not for my life .	No , no , I can ’ t , really .
What warlike noise is this ?	What warlike noise is this ?
Though I struck him first , yet it ’ s no matter for that .	It doesn ’ t matter that I hit him first .
Here comes the fool , i ' faith .	Look , here comes the fool .
All with me ’ s meet that I can fashion fit .	Any trick that works is good for me .
Honey , you shall be well desired in Cyprus ; I have found great love amongst them .	Honey , Cyprus will be very glad to see you ; I have found great love among them .
They do me wrong , and I will not endure it !	They ’ re out to get me , and I won ’ t stand for it !
My tables — meet it is I set it down That one may smile , and smile , and be a villain ; At least I am sure it may be so in Denmark .	My papers , it is just that I set it all down , That one may smile , and smile , and be a villain , At least , I am sure , it may be so in Denmark .
This Hebrew will turn Christian ; he grows kind .	This Hebrew will become a Christian : he ’ s getting kind .
Dear general , I never gave you cause .	Dear general , I never gave you any reason to hate me .
Besides , they all are fresh .	Besides , they ’ re fresh .
Welcome , good Marcellus .	Welcome , good Marcellus .
If thou wilt lend this money , lend it not As to thy friends , for when did friendship take A breed for barren metal of his friend ?	If you ’ re going to lend us this money , don ’ t lend it to us as if we were your friends .
Wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?	Would you do such a deed for all the world ?
Great tyranny , lay thou thy basis sure , For goodness dare not check thee .	Great tyranny , lay your foundation solid , Because goodness dare not challenge you !
Nay , but ask my opinion too of that .	No , but ask my opinion too about that .
When I spoke that , I was ill-temper 'd too .	When I spoke that , I was ill-tempered too .
O , what a fall was there , my countrymen !	Oh , what a fall it was , my countrymen !
Conscience and grace , to the profoundest pit !	And you ’ re right to do so .
Why then , good night indeed .	Then everything must really be finished .
Let him take thee And hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians !	Let him hoist you up in front of the shouting crowds !
I would not be the villain that thou think 'st For the whole space that 's in the tyrant 's grasp And the rich East to boot .	I do not wish to be the villain that you may think , For the whole space that 's in the tyrant 's grasp And the rich East to boot .
Sir , do you know me ?	Sir , do you know who I am ?
Hast thou drunk well ?	Are you drunk ?
The general and his wife are talking of it , And she speaks for you stoutly .	The general and his wife are talking about it now , and she ’ s defending you strongly .
Lucillius and Titinius , bid the commanders Prepare to lodge their companies tonight .	Lucillius and Titinius , order the commanders to have the men camp for the night .
O royal Caesar !	Oh , royal Caesar !
Come thee on .	Come on .
Tis they have put him on the old man ’ s death , To have th ' expense and spoil of his revenues .	They probably put him up to killing old man Gloucester to get his money .
What , not one hit ?	What , not one came in ?
Thine , Claudio , thine , I say .	Yours , Claudio , yours , I say .
This is a trick to put me from my suit .	This is a trick to distract me from my request .
Say from whence You owe this strange intelligence , or why Upon this blasted heath you stop our way With such prophetic greeting ?	or why You interrupt our journey on this blasted heath With such prophetic greeting ?
He shall kill two of us , and men indeed , But that ’ s no matter .	He ’ ll have to kill both of us , and indeed we ’ re both men .
Antonio is a good man .	Antonio ’ s a good man .
Yes , other men have ill luck too .	Yes , other men have bad luck too .
If but as well I other accents borrow , That can my speech diffuse , my good intent May carry through itself to that full issue For which I razed my likeness .	If I can disguise my voice as well as my appearance , then I ’ ll be able to carry out my plan perfectly .
Should I lie , madam ?	Do you want me to lie , madam ?
In what , my dear lord ?	In what , my dear lord ?
Should I not say , Hath a dog money ?	Shouldn ’ t I say “ Has a dog got money ?
Bite him to death , I &bra; to Stephano &ket; Lo , lo , again !	Look , look again !
I am not Stephano , but a cramp .	I ’ m not Stephano , I ’ m a walking cramp .
If thou wilt weep my fortunes , take my eyes .	If you want to cry over my bad luck , I ’ ll give you my eyes .
A most unhappy one .	A very unhappy one .
Hail , gentle sir .	Hello , good sir .
Who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath . ” Must give — for what ?	He who chooses me must give and risk all he has . ” Must give everything — for what ?
Good my lord , vouchsafe me a word with you .	My good my lord , may I a word with you .
Masters , the Duke is coming from the temple ; and there is two or three lords and ladies more married .	Sirs , the duke is coming from the temple ; and there are two or three lords and ladies more married .
Well , time is the old justice that examines all such offenders , and let time try .	Well , time is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal .
Hear me with patience .	Listen to me patiently .
He and Lepidus are at Caesar ’ s house .	He and Lepidus are at Caesar ’ s house .
Let the devil and his dam haunt you !	Let the devil and his dam haunt you !
Oh , defend me !	Oh , God help me !
Here he is , here he is .	Here he is , here he is .
A bridegroom , say you ?	Bridegroom ?
Who is so gross That cannot see this palpable device ?	Why , who ’ s so stupid that he can ’ t see through this fraud ?
But I know to be up late is to be up late .	All I know is that staying up late is staying up late .
Ah , thou spell !	Ah , you sorceress !
Well , then I shall see thee again ?	Well ; then I shall see you again ?
What mean ’ st thou , that thou help ’ st me not ?	What did you mean by not helping me ?
In the meantime I will draw a bill of properties such as our play wants .	Meanwhile , I ’ ll make a list of props that we ’ ll need for the play .
Where is thy husband now ?	And I was right , because where ’ s your husband now ?
No .	No , sit down .
It is the bright day that brings forth the adder And that craves wary walking .	A bright day brings out the black , poison snake , And that means we must walk carefully .
My name is Roderigo .	My name ’ s Roderigo .
My lord Sebastian , The truth you speak doth lack some gentleness And time to speak it in .	My lord Sebastian , even though what you say is true , your way of saying it is tactless and comes at the wrong time .
Tell him that by his license Fortinbras Craves the conveyance of a promised march Over his kingdom .	Tell him that , with his permission , Fortinbras Desires to carry out a promised march Over his kingdom .
We had much more monstrous matter of feast , which worthily deserved noting .	There were many even more memorable feasts .
Due for a chain your husband had of him .	For a necklace your husband had him make .
I fear it , I promise you .	I ’ m afraid so , I promise you .
Take heed , Signior Baptista , lest you be cony-catched in this business .	Be careful , Signior Baptista , lest you be made the dupe in this business .
Speak once again .	Speak once again .
She ’ s full of most blessed condition .	She ’ s very moral .
He had a fever when he was in Spain , And when the fit was on him , I did mark How he did shake .	In Spain , Caesar had a fever , and it made him shake .
You must not put another scandal on him , That he is open to incontinency .	You must not put another scandal on him , That he is open to inconstancy .
Pray now , rest yourself .	So please rest .
This blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child And here was left by th ' sailors .	This sunken-eyed hag was brought here pregnant and left by the sailors .
Amen , with all my heart !	Amen , with all my heart !
You can do better yet , but this is meetly .	I know you can do better than that , but it ’ ll do for now .
Not once , nor twice , but twenty times you have .	You did — not just once or twice , but twenty times .
Indeed he hath play 'd on this prologue like a child on a recorder , — a sound , but not in government .	Indeed he has played on this prologue like a child on a recorder , a sound , but not in order .
Welcome .	Welcome .
Repent that e ’ er thy tongue Hath so betrayed thine act .	Regret that your mouth betrayed your actions .
tedious and brief !	tedious and brief !
We will , fair queen , up to the mountain ’ s top , And mark the musical confusion Of hounds and echo in conjunction .	My beautiful queen , we ’ ll go up the mountain and listen to the hounds as their barking echoes in the cliffs and sounds like music .
I ’ ll come to thee straight .	I ’ ll come see you right away .
Will they not say afterwards , if they should grow themselves to common players ( as it is most like if their means are no better ) , their writers do them wrong to make them exclaim against their own succession ?	Aren ’ t the playwrights hurting them by making them upstage adult actors , which they are going to grow up and become ?
She is not worth thee , then .	She ’ s not good enough for you , then .
Not a jot more , my lord .	Not a jot more , my lord .
Good madam , keep yourself within yourself .	Good madam , restrain yourself .
Would you would bear your fortune like a man !	I wish you could face your bad news like a man !
I will play the swan .	I ’ ll die like a swan .
Stand you both forth now : stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave .	Watch me : stroke your chins and swear by your beards that I am a knave .
Nay , send in time !	Hurry , send someone immediately !
But , if you were the devil , you are fair .	But you ’ d still be gorgeous even if you were as proud as the devil .
Presently ?	Right now ?
Bless you , fair dame !	Bless you , beautiful dame !
Lend me a garter .	Lend me a garter .
You ’ re welcome hither .	Nice to see you .
The clerk is answered .	I ’ ve got my answer .
What , are you mad ?	Are you crazy ?
Why , she was dead ere thou wast born .	Why , she was dead before you were even born .
It is a tale Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , Signifying nothing .	It is a tale Told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , Signifying nothing .
Alas , my lord , Your wisdom is consumed in confidence .	Alas , my lord , Your wisdom is consumed in confidence !
Ho !	Ho !
I will , sir .	I will , sir .
And that were enough to hang us all .	And that would get us all executed .
Let her not walk i ' th ' sun .	Then by all means never let her walk in public .
That cuckold lives in bliss Who , certain of his fate , loves not his wronger ; But O , what damned minutes tells he o 'er Who dotes , yet doubts , suspects , yet strongly loves !	That deceived man lives in bliss Who , certain of his fate , doesn ’ t love who wronged him ; But O , what damned stories he tells about Who loves , but doubts , suspects , but strongly loves !
To who ?	To whom ?
Oh , woe the day !	Oh , what a horrible day !
Of what personage and years is he ?	How old is he ?
True , my lord .	True , my lord .
Light , gentlemen , I ’ ll bind it with my shirt .	Bring me some light , gentlemen , I ’ ll bind the wound with my shirt .
What enterprise , Popilius ?	What undertaking , Popilius ?
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
I 'll go no further .	I ’ ll go no further .
Makest thou this shame thy pastime ?	Are you sitting around in this humiliation to amuse yourself ?
I love thee not , therefore pursue me not .	I don ’ t love you , so stop following me .
The less they deserve , the more merit is in your bounty .	The less they deserve it , the more credit it is to you .
There is but one hope in it that can do you any good , and that is but a kind of bastard hope neither .	There ’ s only one hope for you , and even that ’ s a kind of illegitimate hope .
When I am known aright you shall not grieve Lending me this acquaintance .	When I ’ ve revealed my true identity , you ’ ll be glad you took the time to help me out .
He were a brave mon- ster indeed , if they were set in his tail My man-monster hath drowned his tongue in sack .	He would be a brave monster indeed , if they were set in his tail .
What , I , my lord ?	What , I , my lord ?
Wherefore ?	Why ?
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Shall I be plain ?	Shall I put it plainly ?
I will set down what comes from her , to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .	I ’ ll write down what she says , so I ’ ll remember it better .
In what part of her body stands Ireland ?	What part of her body is Ireland ?
The deep of night is crept upon our talk , And nature must obey necessity , Which we will niggard with a little rest .	The deep of night has crept over our talk , And nature must obey necessity ; Which we will put off with a little rest .
We three are married , but you two are sped .	We three are married , but you two are defeated .
A husband ?	A husband ?
But he that tempered thee bade thee stand up , Gave thee no instance why thou shouldst do treason , Unless to dub thee with the name of traitor .	But the devil that tempted you gave you no reason why you should commit treason other than to win the name of traitor .
All hail , Macbeth !	All hail , Macbeth !
Uncle !	Uncle !
I am here already , sir .	I ’ m already here , sir .
It beckons you to go away with it , As if it some impartment did desire To you alone .	It wants you to go off with it , as if it wants to tell you something alone .
You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers That bear this heavy mutual load of moan , Now cheer each other in each other ’ s love .	You mournful princes and grieving gentlemen who have been sharing this burden of grief , now it ’ s time to cheer each other up with love .
Run to your houses , fall upon your knees , Pray to the gods to intermit the plague That needs must light on this ingratitude .	Run to your houses , fall on your knees , Pray to the gods to stop the plague That must be the punishment for this ingratitude .
Where is the beauteous Majesty of Denmark ?	Where is the beauteous majesty of Denmark ?
Marry , now I can tell !	By Mary , now I can tell .
You wrong me , Signior Gremio .	Please , Signior Gremio .
Ay , ay .	Yes .
O , then , what graces in my love do dwell , That he hath turn 'd a heaven unto a hell !	Oh , so what graces , then , does he have , That he has turned a heaven into hell !
Save yourself , my lord .	Save yourself , my lord .
They were villains , murderers .	They were villains , murderers .
Very well , ” “ go to ” !	Fine ! ” he says .
Of your philosophy you make no use , If you give place to accidental evils .	You don ’ t use your knowledge effectively , If you give into unexpected evil events .
Trust not to rotten planks .	Don ’ t trust rotten planks .
Would you were not sick !	How I wish you felt better !
I cannot be a man with wishing , therefore I will die a woman with grieving .	I can ’ t make myself a man by wishing I were , so as a woman I ’ ll die , from grieving .
Tis almost fairy time .	It ’ s almost fairy time .
I know the boy will well usurp the grace , Voice , gait , and action of a gentlewoman .	I know the boy will be a convincing gentlewoman , taking up her exact walk and talk and gentle gestures .
Well then , the peace which you before so urged Lies in his answer .	Well , the peace you pleaded for so eloquently just now lies in his answer .
Come , sir , will you aboard ?	Come on , sir , will you come aboard ?
He 's married .	He 's married .
Speak the speech , I pray you , as I pronounced it to you , trippingly on the tongue .	Perform the speech just as I taught you , musically and smoothly .
Ha ?	Ha ?
That is the sum of all , Leonato . — Signior Claudio and Signior Benedick , my dear friend Leonato hath invited you all .	And that ’ s everything , Leonato . — Claudio , Benedick — my dear friend Leonato has invited you all to stay here at Messina .
Be patient , gentlemen .	Relax , gentlemen .
You may do it extempore , for it is nothing but roaring .	You may do it off the top of your head , because it ’ s nothing but roaring .
I will not speak with her .	Listen !
They murder Caesar ! ” — Who ’ s within ?	They ’ re murdering Caesar ! ” Who ’ s there ?
Die when thou hast lived .	Die where you have lived , in my arms .
Pray you come in .	Please come in .
Hence , Lest that th ' infection of his fortune take Like hold on thee .	Get out of here , before his bad luck infects you too .
I know his soul is in heaven , fool .	I know his soul ’ s in heaven , fool .
What , to perverseness ?	What , faithful to being mean and nasty ?
What things are these , my lord Antonio ?	What are these things , my lord Antonio ?
Shall not be long but I ’ ll be here again .	It won ’ t be long before I ’ m back .
Meet presently at the palace .	Meet me at the palace as soon as possible .
I would it might prove the end of his losses .	I hope that ’ s all he loses .
Unarm , Eros .	Remove your armor , Eros .
I came hither to tell you ; and , circumstances shortened , for she has been too long a-talking of , the lady is disloyal .	I came here to tell you — I ’ ll make this short , since she ’ s already been talked about for too long — the lady is unfaithful .
Farewell .	Farewell .
And the queen too , and that presently .	Yes , he will , and the queen as well .
Will you give her o 'er ?	Will you give her up ?
This deed of thine is no more worthy heaven Than thou wast worthy her .	You weren ’ t good enough for her .
They are , my lord .	They are , my lord .
This is the very false gallop of verses .	This is exactly the false way that verses gallop along .
Say , how is that ?	How do you mean ?
I love thee not .	I won ’ t be kind to you .
Nay , I can gleek upon occasion .	No , I can only make a joke for a specific occasion .
The mind I sway by and the heart I bear Shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear .	My mind and courage will never falter with doubt or shake with fear .
You lie .	You lie .
I pray you now receive them .	Please take them .
Doubtful it stood , As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art .	The outcome was doubtful ; Men fought like tired swimmers who cling together And wind up choking .
Thereby shall we shadow The numbers of our host and make discovery Err in report of us .	That way we can conceal how many of us there are , and Macbeth ’ s spies will give him inaccurate reports .
Send him but hither and I ’ ll fashion him .	Just send him here , and I ’ ll persuade him .
Here comes the king , The queen , the courtiers — who is this they follow , And with such maimèd rites ?	Here comes the king , the queen , and the noblemen of court .
I am myself indifferent honest , but yet I could accuse me of such things that it were better my mother had not borne me .	I don ’ t care about my sincerity , but I could accuse myself of such things that it were better my mother had not had me .
Welcome , my friends all .	Welcome , my friends .
Our yoke and sufferance show us womanish .	Our tolerance for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak , like women .
Our brother is imprisoned by your means , Myself disgraced , and the nobility Held in contempt , while great promotions Are daily given to ennoble those That scarce some two days since were worth a noble .	My brother is imprisoned because of you , I am disgraced , and the nobility are held in contempt while those who two days ago weren ’ t worth a dime have suddenly been promoted .
A man , sir .	A man , sir .
O , farewell , honest soldier .	Good-bye .
I ’ ll rhyme you so eight years together , dinners and suppers and sleeping hours excepted .	I could rhyme like that for eight years in a row , excepting meal times and sleeping hours .
Hoo !	Hooray !
Descend , for you must be my torchbearer .	You have to be my torchbearer for the masquerade .
And from thy hated presence part I so ; See me no more , whether he be dead or no .	You will see me no more , whether he be dead or not .
Will you know them then ?	Show them in .
Tis to be doubted , madam .	I ’ m afraid that may be the case , madam .
As a walled town is more worthier than a village , so is the forehead of a married man more honorable than the bare brow of a bachelor .	Just as a town protected by a wall around it is worth more than a low-lying village , a married man ’ s horned forehead is more honorable than a bachelor ’ s bare forehead .
Your overkindness doth wring tears from me .	Your overwhelming kindness makes me weep .
We should profane the service of the dead To sing a requiem and such rest to her As to peace-parted souls .	We would profane the other dead souls here if we sang the same requiem for her that we sang for them .
How now , my lord !	What ’ s going on , my lord ?
Do we but find the tyrant 's power tonight , Let us be beaten , if we cannot fight .	If we only find the tyrant 's forces tonight , Let us be beaten if we cannot fight .
Tis not needed yet .	You don ’ t need it yet .
So all .	So do we all .
I hope thou art not mad .	I hope you haven ’ t lost your mind .
Each heart in Rome does love and pity you .	Every heart in Rome loves and pities you .
But look to it : Find out thy brother , wheresoe 'er he is .	But do this : find your brother , wherever he is .
Why wouldst thou be a breeder of sinners ?	Why would you give birth to sinners ?
Believe then , if you please , that I can do strange things .	Believe me , then , that I have special powers .
Give me my principal , and let me go .	Give me my principal , and let me go .
Therefore be deaf to my unpitied folly , And all the gods go with you !	May the gods be with you .
Heaven and earth !	Heaven and earth !
Get your apparel together ; good strings to your beards , new ribbons to your pumps ; meet presently at the palace ; every man look o 'er his part ; for the short and the long is , our play is preferred .	Get your costumes together ; good strings to your beards , new ribbons to your shoes ; meet presently at the palace ; every man look over his part ; for the short and the long of it is , they want to see our play .
For his bounty , There was no winter in ’ t , an autumn ’ twas That grew the more by reaping .	There was no end to his generosity .
Armed , brother ?	Arm myself ?
How now , Sir Toby Belch !	How are you , Sir Toby Belch ?
An your ladyship will have it as it ought to be , you must allow Prithee , read i ' thy right wits .	If you want things done in the right way , you ’ ll have to let me read a crazy letter in a crazy voice .
Ah , Rosencrantz !	Ah , Rosencrantz !
Yet in faith , if you did , it would not much approve me .	But in fact it doesn ’ t say much .
I knew you must be edified by the margent ere you had done .	I knew you must be aware of the margin before you had finished .
I do consent — Prick him down , Antony .	I agree — Put a mark next to his name too , Antony .
To the best bride-bed will we , Which by us shall blessed be ; And the issue there create Ever shall be fortunate .	We will go to the best marriage-bed , Which shall be blessed by us ; And the children created there Shall forever be lucky and prosperous .
Come , good sir , will you show me to this house ?	Come , good sir , will you show me to this house ?
I thank my stars I am happy .	Oh , I thank my lucky stars , I ’ m so happy .
Again !	Again !
The King 's son have I landed by himself , Whom I left cooling of the air with sighs In an odd angle of the isle , and sitting , His arms in this sad knot .	I have brought the king 's son ashore by himself , And I left him cooling off with the air that blows gently In a remote spot of the island , and sitting , His arms sadly folded like this .
Go but apart , Make choice of whom your wisest friends you will , And they shall hear and judge ' twixt you and me .	Step aside , Choose whichever of your wisest friends you want , And they shall hear and judge between you and me .
Provide your going ; Choose your own company and command what cost Your heart has mind to .	Order supplies for your trip and choose your traveling companions .
Never in your life , I think , unless you see canary put me down .	Never .
A second Daniel ! — A Daniel , Jew !	A second Daniel ! — A Daniel , Jew !
What was ’ t That moved pale Cassius to conspire ?	Why did Cassius conspire against Caesar ?
Oh , whither hast thou led me , Egypt ?	Oh , where have you led me , Egypt ?
Why so , being gone , Why so , being gone , I am a man again .	I am a man again .
If we do lose this battle , then is this The very last time we shall speak together .	If we lose this battle , then this is The very last time we shall speak together .
Ay , marry , is 't ; But to my mind , though I am native here And to the manner born , it is a custom More honour 'd in the breach than the observance .	Yes , by Mary , it is , But to my mind , though I am a native here , And know the customs since birth , it is a custom More honored in the braking it than the observing it .
None but his enemies .	No one but his enemies .
If he come not , then the play is marred ; it goes not forward , doth it ?	If he doesn ’ t come , then the play is incomplete ; it doesn ’ t go on , does it ?
Canst thou , when thou command ’ st the beggar ’ s knee , Command the health of it ?	You can command a beggar to bow on bended knee , but can you take possession of his health ?
What is this same ?	What is this noise ?
Besides , he brings his destiny with him .	Besides , he brings his fate with him .
Now , whether he kill Cassio , Or Cassio him , or each do kill the other , Every way makes my gain .	Now , whether or not he kills Cassio , Or Cassio him , or each do kill the other , I gain in every way .
Haply the seas , and countries different , With variable objects shall expel This something-settled matter in his heart , Whereon his brains still beating puts him thus From fashion of himself .	Happily the seas , and different countries With other things , shall cure and get rid of This problem in his heart that has such a hold on him , Which his still active brain makes him like this From being himself .
Base Trojan , thou shalt die .	Dissolute lowlife , you shall die .
Hath he ask 'd for me ?	Has he asked for me ?
Tis much . — Servants , leave me and her alone .	That ’ s too long . — Servants , leave her and me alone .
What comfortable hour canst thou name , That ever graced me in thy company ?	So , what hour of comfort have I ever had in your company ?
I would kiss before I spoke .	I ’ d kiss you before I spoke .
Do you find some occasion to anger Cassio , either by speaking too loud , or tainting his discipline , or from what other course you please , which the time shall more favorably minister .	Make Cassio angry somehow , either by speaking too loud , or insulting his military skills , or however else you want .
Soft you now !	Wait !
Why , that were covetousness .	Well , that ’ s just greedy .
Prithee say true !	You ’ re kidding !
When could they say till now , that talked of Rome , That her wide walks encompassed but one man ?	Until now , no one could say that only one man mattered in all of vast Rome .
Oh , withered is the garland of the war .	Oh , the glory of war has faded .
Wherein went he ?	Where did he go ?
On Tuesday last A falcon towering in her pride of place Was by a mousing owl hawk 'd at and kill 'd .	On Tuesday last , A falcon , towering in her pride of place , Was hawked at and killed by an owl that usually eats mice .
Where is this rash and most unfortunate man ?	Where is that poor rash man ?
Ring the alarum bell !	Ring the alarms bell !
If Cassio do remain , He hath a daily beauty in his life That makes me ugly ; and besides , the Moor May unfold me to him ; there stand I in much peril : No , he must die .	If Cassio lives , He has a daily beauty in his life That makes me ugly ; and besides , the Moor May disclose me to him ; I stand there in great danger ; No , he must die .
I once writ a sonnet in his praise and began thus : “ Wonder of nature — ” I have heard a sonnet begin so to one ’ s mistress .	I once wrote a sonnet in his praise which began , “ Wonder of nature — ” I have heard a sonnet to one ’ s mistress that began like that .
It is a theme as fluent as the sea .	It ’ s a subject as worthy of endless discussion as the changing sea .
Why , man , he doth bestride the narrow world Like a Colossus , and we petty men Walk under his huge legs and peep about To find ourselves dishonorable graves .	Why , man , he stands on top of the narrow world Like the Colossus of Rhodes , and we little men Walk under his huge legs and peep about To find ourselves disgraceful graves .
It shall be call 'd ‘ Bottom 's Dream , ’ because it hath no bottom ; and I will sing it in the latter end of a play , before the Duke .	It shall be called Bottom 's Dream , because it has no bottom ; and I will sing it in the latter end of a play , before the duke .
No , that were pity ; I would entreat you rather to put on Your boldest suit of mirth , for we have friends That purpose merriment .	No , that would be a pity ; I would beg you rather to put on Your boldest face of happiness , because we have friends That offer merriment .
An if I could , what should I get therefore ?	If I told you that , what would I get out of it ?
Fare you well .	Goodbye .
Art thou afeard To be the same in thine own act and valor As thou art in desire ?	Are you afraid To be the same man in reality As the one you wish to be ?
O Fates !	Oh fates !
My husband say that she was false !	My husband said she was unfaithful !
Gentlemen , you are welcome to Elsinore .	Gentlemen , welcome to Elsinore .
I will not come .	I ’ m not coming .
You are a councilor .	You ’ re a king ’ s advisor .
These wise men that give fools money get themselves a good report — after fourteen years ' purchase .	Wise men who give fools money might get a good reputation — if they keep up regular payments for fourteen years .
Before my God , I might not this believe Without the sensible and true avouch Of mine own eyes .	Before my God , I might not believe this thing Without the seeing and true testimony Of my own eyes .
Was that mine ?	Was that mine ?
I shall obey you in all fair commands .	I ’ ll do anything you ask .
Farewell .	Goodbye .
But ’ tis strange .	But this whole thing is strange .
And how you may be converted I know not , but methinks you look with your eyes as other women do .	And yet I think you look with your eyes just like every other woman does .
Ay , that he was .	Yes , he was .
I cannot think it .	I can ’ t believe that .
Lysander , if you live , good sir , awake .	Lysander , if you live , good sir , wake up !
Yet mark 'd I where the bolt of Cupid fell .	But I watched and noted where Cupid ’ s arrow fell .
Oh , is ’ t come to this ?	Oh , has it come to this ?
Murder !	murder !
No more , I pray thee .	Please don ’ t tell me any more .
How can this be ?	How is that possible ?
But were I Brutus , And Brutus Antony , there were an Antony Would ruffle up your spirits and put a tongue In every wound of Caesar that should move The stones of Rome to rise and mutiny .	But if I were Brutus , And if Brutus were Antony , there would be an Antony to Ruffle up your spirits , and put a tongue In every wound of Caesar , that would move The stones of Rome to rise and rebel .
Or be alive again , And dare me to the desert with thy sword .	Or be alive again , And challenge me to fight you in the desert with your sword .
Nay , good lieutenant ; I pray you , sir , hold your hand .	No , good lieutenant ; I beg you , sir , stop .
I , madam ?	Me , ma 'am ?
Yet Brutus says he was ambitious , And Brutus is an honorable man .	Yet Brutus says he was ambitious ; And Brutus is an honorable man .
How doth the lady ?	How is she ?
Ophelia , walk you here .	Ophelia , you walk here .
Never did faithful subject more rejoice At the discovery of most dangerous treason Than I do at this hour joy o 'er myself , Prevented from a damnèd enterprise .	No faithful subject ever rejoiced more at the discovery of most dangerous treason than I now rejoice that I was thwarted in a damnable undertaking .
The ousel cock , so black of hue , With orange-tawny bill , The throstle with his note so true , The wren with little quill .	The black rooster , so black of hue , With orange-tawny bill , The thrush with his note so true , The wren with little quill .
Unto the dignity and height of fortune , The high imperial type of this earth ’ s glory .	No , advancement to the dignity and height of honor , to a high , imperial kind of glory .
My fairy lord , this must be done with haste .	We ’ ve got to act fast , my lord of the fairies .
The Lord Mayor knocks .	The Lord Mayor is knocking .
Come , sir , I am for you .	Come on , I ’ ll fight you .
Irreparable is the loss , and patience Says it is past her cure .	The loss cannot be repaid , and patience Says it is beyond her cure .
Good my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Out , strumpet !	Out , prostitute !
This done , he took the bride about the neck And kissed her lips with such a clamorous smack That at the parting all the church did echo .	Next he slung his arm around the bride ’ s neck and kissed her with such a smack that when they parted the sound of their lips made the whole church echo .
So , so , so , so .	So , so , so , so .
And so , without more circumstance at all , I hold it fit that we shake hands and part .	So , without further ado , the best thing to do now is probably just to shake hands and go our separate ways .
How ?	What ?
Well , that is the dowry of his wife ; ’ tis none of his own getting .	Well , that ’ s what the wife brings to the marriage .
O , no , he loves me , and he holds me dear .	No , he loves and cherishes me .
Fare you well .	Take care .
Must I bouge ?	Must I give in ?
Well , as time shall try .	Well , time will tell .
It is determined , not concluded yet ; But so it must be if the king miscarry .	Has it been decided that Richard will be It ’ s been decided , though not yet officially announced .
Where was she born ?	Where was she born ?
Still am I called . — Unhand me , gentlemen .	Let me go , gentlemen .
What night-rule now about this haunted grove ?	What havoc have you wreaked in this part of the forest ?
Methought I lay Worse than the mutines in the bilboes .	It was worse than being a captive in chains .
Knock , knock , knock !	Knock , knock , knock !
Hold then my sword and turn away thy face While I do run upon it .	Then , hold my sword and turn your face away while I run on it .
I will proclaim my name about the field .	I will proclaim my name around the field .
Didst perceive ?	Did you see ?
Why then , resolve me whether you will or no .	You ’ re bothering me .
You do extend These thoughts of horror further than you shall Find cause in Caesar .	You ’ ll see that Caesar is giving you no reason to do so .
They that reap must sheaf and bind , Then to cart with Rosalind .	After you harvest , you have to sheaf and bind So throw ripe Rosalind on the harvest cart .
The ox hath therefore stretched his yoke in vain , The ploughman lost his sweat , and the green corn Hath rotted ere his youth attained a beard .	So all the work that oxen and farmers have done in plowing the fields has been for nothing , because the unripe grain has rotted before it was ripe .
I am bound to thee forever .	I am bound to you forever .
A solemn air and the best comforter To an unsettled fancy cure thy brains , Now useless , boiled within thy skull . — There stand , For you are spell-stopped . — Mine eyes , ev 'n sociable to the show of thine , Fall fellowly drops .	Let this solemn melody comfort your fevered minds , which are now useless , seething inside your skulls . — All of you stand there in my spell . —
By heaven , I saw my handkerchief in ‘ s hand .	By heaven , I saw my handkerchief in his hand .
Swell , bosom , with thy fraught , For ' tis of aspics ' tongues !	Swell , bosom , with your fury , Because it is from lavender ’ s tongues !
Light !	Get some light !
So , slave , hence !	Go then , slave .
My mother !	My mother .
Long since thy husband served me in my wars , And I to thee engaged a prince ’ s word , When thou didst make him master of thy bed , To do him all the grace and good I could .	And when you married him and made him the master of your bed , I gave you my word that I would do everything I possibly could for him .
This was the most unkindest cut of all ; For when the noble Caesar saw him stab , Ingratitude , more strong than traitors ' arms , Quite vanquish 'd him .	This was the most unkindest cut of all , Because , when the noble Caesar saw Brutus stab him , Ingratitude , stronger than traitors ' arms , Quite defeated him .
A proper man .	He ’ s an admirable man .
For our losses , his exchequer is too poor ; for th ' effusion of our blood , the muster of his kingdom too faint a number ; and for our disgrace , his own person , kneeling at our feet but a weak and worthless satisfaction .	His coffers are too poor to atone for our losses , his entire kingdom too small to account for the amount of blood we ’ ve shed , and the sight of him kneeling at our feet an empty satisfaction compared to the indignity we have put up with .
Proclaim no shame When the compulsive ardour gives the charge , Since frost itself as actively doth burn , And reason panders will .	Proclaim no shame When the compulsive passion takes charge , Since frost itself burns as well , And reason pimps the will .
Tis better as it is .	It ’ s better that you didn ’ t kill him .
He ’ s coming , madam ; but in very strange manner .	He ’ s coming , madam ; but he ’ s acting very strangely .
What , keep a week away ?	You ’ ve kept away from me for a week ?
My love thou art , my love , I think .	You are my love , my love , I think .
Tell me what more thou know ’ st .	What else you do know ?
Poor men alone ?	Only for poor men ?
Let me see his eyes , That , when I note another man like him , I may avoid him .	Let me see what he looks like , so when I see another man who resembles him , I ’ ll know to avoid him .
Indeed , that is out of the air .	Well , that ’ s certainly out of this world , all right .
I will not disclose ' em .	I won ’ t betray them .
And the tears of it are wet .	And its tears are wet .
And his kissing is as full of sanctity as the touch of holy bread .	His kiss is as holy as bread blessed by a priest .
All offices are open , and there is full liberty of feasting from this present hour of five till the bell have told eleven .	There will be a feast from five o 'clock until eleven .
Wear both of them , for both of them are thine .	Wear both the ring and my heart , because both are yours .
With this strange virtue He hath a heavenly gift of prophecy , And sundry blessings hang about his throne That speak him full of grace .	With this strange virtue , He has a heavenly gift of prophecy , And various blessings hang about his throne , That say he is full of grace .
And truly in my youth I suffered much extremity for love , very near this .	In my youth I truly suffered much agony for love almost like this .
Thus far with rough and all-unable pen Our bending author hath pursued the story , In little room confining mighty men , Mangling by starts the full course of their glory .	Thus far has our straining author pursued the story with his crude , inadequate writing , keeping important people penned up in this little room while he mangled history ’ s full glory with his uneven telling .
But I have spoke With one that saw him die , who did report That very frankly he confess 'd his treasons , Implored your highness ’ pardon , and set forth A deep repentance .	Only I have spoke With someone who saw him die , and he reported That he confessed his treasons very frankly ; He begged your highness for pardon ; and he seemed Very sorry .
I take this offer then , — pay the bond thrice And let the Christian go .	I take this offer then : pay the promise to pay three times , And let the Christian go .
False to me ?	She ’ s cheating on me ?
I would be loath to have you overflown with a honey bag , signor .	I ’ d hate to see you drowned in honey , sir .
Behold !	Look !
He says so .	That ’ s what he says .
He pulls Trinculo out from under Caliban 's cloak by the legs &ket; Thou art very Trinculo indeed !	You are very Trinculo indeed !
Kings it makes gods , and meaner creatures kings .	It turns kings into gods and men of lower rank into kings .
What ho , the Emperor ’ s guard !	Hey out there !
Take thou the bill , give me thy mete- yard , and spare not me .	You take the bill and I ’ ll take your yardstick .
You ’ re sad , Signior Balthasar .	Signior Balthasar , you look upset .
Whither away ?	Where are you going ?
Their perfume lost , Take these again ; for to the noble mind Rich gifts wax poor when givers prove unkind .	Their sweet air being Gone , take them back again , because to the noble mind Rich gifts grow poor when the givers prove unkind .
Farewell !	Goodbye !
Nay , I know not .	No , I know not .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord , and calfskin too .
I will , lady .	I will , lady .
We ’ ll draw cuts for the signior .	We ’ ll draw straws .
You are rather point-device in your accouterments , as loving yourself than seeming the lover of any other .	You ’ re so neat and well put-together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else .
Mark Antony is in your tents , my lord .	Mark Antony is in your tents , my lord .
Hear it apart .	It is for your ears only .
With the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove an ass .	With a doctor ’ s help he might recover and become an ass again .
Friends am I with you all and love you all Upon this hope : that you shall give me reasons Why and wherein Caesar was dangerous .	I am friends with you all and love you all , on one condition — that you prove to me that Caesar was dangerous .
He , he , ’ tis he .	He , he , it is he .
Well then , Legitimate Edgar , I must have your land .	All right then , legitimate brother Edgar , I have to have your lands .
That face of his I do remember well .	I remember his face well .
I do not know from what part of the world I should be greeted , if not from Lord Hamlet .	I don ’ t know from what part of the world I should be contacted , if not by Lord Hamlet .
No , nothing but ourselves .	No , nothing but ourselves .
Would ’ twere done .	I wish it were over .
thou hast got more hair on thy chin than Dobbin my phill-horse has on his tail .	You have got more hair on your chin than Dobbin my thrill-horse has on his tail .
This is a very scurvy tune to sing at a man ’ s funeral .	This is a rotten song to sing at a man ’ s funeral .
And what other oath Than honesty to honesty engaged That this shall be or we will fall for it ?	And what other oath Than honesty to honesty promised That this promise shall be , or we will die for it ?
Then you live about her waist , or in the middle of her favors ?	So you ’ re around Lady Luck ’ s waist ?
The more fool you for laying on my duty .	The more fool you for betting on my loyalty .
This is the very coinage of your brain .	This is the very product of your brain .
Come Caesar to the Capitol tomorrow ?	Does Caesar come to the Capitol tomorrow ?
Something too much of this .	OK , enough of that .
Even he , madam .	That ’ s him , madam .
No , I will not cast away my physic but on those that are sick .	No , I won ’ t give my medicine away to anyone but the sick .
Disloyal ?	Unfaithful ?
aside to Sebastian &ket; I am right glad that he 's so out &bra; aside to Sebastian &ket; I am right glad that he 's so out of hope .	I am very glad that he 's so out of hope .
The fool will stay .	The fool will stay .
Which is the merchant here , and which the Jew ?	Which is the merchant here , and which the Jew ?
I will be here again , even with a thought .	I ’ ll be back quicker than you can think a thought .
Is she not a modest young lady ?	Isn ’ t she a well-mannered young lady ?
I think we are too bold upon your rest .	I ’ m afraid we ’ re intruding too boldly on your sleep time .
Oh , on my soul , my cousin is belied !	Oh , on my soul , my cousin has been slandered falsely !
God and his angels guard your sacred throne And make you long become it .	May God and his angels guard your sacred throne and grant that you dignify it for a long time .
Most heavy day !	It ’ s a very sad day .
This did I fear , but thought he had no weapon ; For he was great of heart .	I was afraid of this , but I thought he had no weapon ; He was great of heart .
But that I love thee best , O most best , believe it .	but that I love you best , O most best , believe it .
And , in conclusion , she shall watch all night , And if she chance to nod I ’ ll rail and brawl , And with the clamor keep her still awake .	And if she starts to drop off , I ’ ll rant and yell until I wake her up .
But this most foul , strange and unnatural .	Murder ’ s always horrible , but this one was especially horrible , weird , and unnatural .
Why should he call her whore ?	Why should he call her whore ?
Go to , go to . — Come hither , sir .	Oh , come on . — Come here , sir .
Here the street is narrow , The throng that follows Caesar at the heels , Of senators , of praetors , common suitors , Will crowd a feeble man almost to death .	The throng that follows Caesar at his heels , Of Senators , of Praetors , common suitors , Will crowd a feeble man almost to death .
Go and importune her .	Go ahead and ask her .
Hold , sir , or I ’ ll throw your dagger o 'er the house .	Stop right now or I ’ ll throw your dagger over the roof .
Let heaven and men and devils , let them all , All , all cry shame against me , yet I ’ ll speak .	Let heaven and men and devils tell me to shut me up .
Is it for him you do envy me so ?	Is it because of
Do not believe That , from the sense of all civility , I thus would play and trifle with your reverence .	I ’ d never play pranks on you .
As the indifferent children of the earth .	As the indifferent children of the earth .
Nay , let them go , a couple of quiet ones .	No , let them go .
There thou mightst behold the great image of authority : a dog ’ s obeyed in office .	That ’ s authority !
I drunk !	Imagine , me , a drunk !
I have but with a cursitory eye O 'erglanced the articles .	I ’ ve only given the articles a cursory glance .
O , then it moved her ?	So she was moved by it ?
Brave Titinius !	Brave Titinius !
I thank my noble lord .	I thank my noble lord .
Good sir , this ring was given me by my wife .	Good sir , this ring was given to me by my wife .
What say the augurers ?	What do the priests say ?
The king is not bound to answer the particular endings of his soldiers , the father of his son , nor the master of his servant , for they purpose not their death , when they purpose their services .	The father and the master and the king didn ’ t order their subordinates ' deaths when they ordered their services .
Bellario greets your grace .	Bellario sends his greetings .
Who ’ s there ?	Who ’ s there ?
I perhaps speak this Before a willing bondman ; then I know My answer must be made .	Perhaps I say this Before a willing slave .
In his livery Walked crowns and crownets .	Kings and noblemen served him .
Alas , good gentleman !	Alas , good gentleman !
Bring a corollary , Rather than want a spirit .	Better to have an extra servant on hand than be understaffed .
Alack , for pity !	How awful !
Tomorrow morning come you to my house , And since you could not be my son-in-law , Be yet my nephew .	Then come to my house tomorrow morning , and since you couldn ’ t be my son-in-law , be my nephew instead .
This cannot be , By no assay of reason .	They can ’ t have changed ; there ’ s no way this could be true .
So do I , his .	So I expect his .
Thus goes everyone to the world but I , and I am sunburnt .	So everyone goes off into the world except me , who stays in because I ’ m sunburned .
It is offended .	It looks like you ’ ve offended it .
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
That 's a fair thought to lie between maids ' legs .	That 's a fair thought to lie between maids ' legs .
Then , my Queen , in silence sad , Trip we after night 's shade .	Then , my queen , in sad silence , We dance after night 's darkness .
Tell me your counsels .	Tell me your secrets .
Observe his construction of it .	Watch his reaction .
Upon the rack , Bassanio ?	In torture , Bassanio !
I have heard Where many of the best respect in Rome , Except immortal Caesar , speaking of Brutus And groaning underneath this age ’ s yoke , Have wished that noble Brutus had his eyes .	I ’ ve heard many of the noblest Romans — next to immortal Caesar — speaking of you , complaining of the tyranny of today ’ s government , and wishing that your eyes were working better .
It were good that Benedick knew of it by some other , if she will not discover it .	If she won ’ t tell Benedick , someone else should .
What is thy name ?	What is your name ?
How does thy honor ?	How is your Highness ?
To Caesar will I render My legions and my horse .	I ’ ll yield my legions and cavalry to Caesar .
Why do you cross me in this exigent ?	Why do you cross me in this command ?
Compounded it with dust , whereto ' tis kin .	Mixed it with dust , to which it is related .
It faded on the crowing of the cock .	Yes , it faded away when the rooster crowed .
Well , peace be with you !	Well , goodbye !
O , she was heavenly true !	O , she was heavenly true !
Let me know .	Let me know .
Conrade , I say !	Conrade , I say !
I have made strong proof of my constancy , Giving myself a voluntary wound Here in the thigh .	I have given you strong proof of my constancy , Giving myself a voluntary wound Here in the thigh .
You shall be a woodmonger and buy nothing of me but cudgels .	You ’ ll become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me .
Are you a comedian ?	Are you an actor ?
You shall have ransom .	There ’ s a ransom .
If you be gentlemen , Do me this right : hear me with patience .	Be good enough to hear me out .
It waves me still .	It waves me still .
That were a kind of bastard hope indeed .	That really is an illegitimate hope .
You can play no part but Pyramus ; for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man ; a proper man , as one shall see in a summer 's day ; a most lovely gentleman-like man ; therefore you must needs play Pyramus .	You can play no part but Pyramus ; for Pyramus is a sweet-faced man ; a proper man that you shall see on a summer 's day ; a most lovely gentleman-like man ; therefore you must absolutely play Pyramus .
This disturbèd sky Is not to walk in .	This bad weather isn ’ t good to walk around in .
But soft !	But wait a minute !
And then came Pyramus .	And then Pyramus showed up .
If he do blench , I know my course .	If he becomes pale , I know what to do .
How dost , my lord ?	How are you , my lord ?
That if you be honest and fair , your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty .	That if you be sincere and truthful , your sincerity shouldn ’ t have any talks to your beauty .
What , says the married woman you may go ?	What , does your wife say you can come home ?
Mum , then , and no more .	Okay , just stay quiet .
This must be known ; which , being kept close , might move More grief to hide than hate to utter love .	This must be known , which , if kept secret , might mean More trouble to hide it than hate for utter love .
For Hamlet and the trifling of his favor , Hold it a fashion and a toy in blood , A violet in the youth of primy nature , Forward , not permanent , sweet , not lasting , The perfume and suppliance of a minute .	As for Hamlet and his attentions to you , just consider it a big flirtation , the temporary phase of a hot-blooded youth .
Is it possible that any villainy should be so dear ?	Is it possible that any crime could be so valuable ?
If then that friend demand why Brutus rose against Caesar , this is my answer : Not that I loved Caesar less , but that I loved Rome more .	If then that friend demands why Brutus rose against Caesar , this is my answer , — Not that I loved Caesar less , but that I loved Rome more .
This night .	This night .
Your father was ever virtuous , and holy men at their death have good inspirations .	Your father was an extremely moral man , and religious people get odd ideas on their deathbeds .
I say “ thy husband ” — dost understand the word ?	I said “ your husband . ” — Do you understand that word ?
Who calls ?	Who ’ s calling me ?
To the breach , to the breach !	To the breach , to the breach !
Only I have left to say , More is thy due than more than all can pay .	I can only say that You are due more than all of us can ever pay .
Sweet remembrancer !	Sweet remembrancer !
Let me see your eyes ; Look in my face .	Let me see your eyes ; Look into my face .
The Queen , my lord , the Queen .	The Queen is here , my lord .
Look how thou dream ’ st !	Look at you , standing there in a stupor !
Go to , go to ; you have known what you should not .	You have known what you should not .
I think he bought his doublet in Italy , his round hose in France , his bonnet in Germany and his behaviour everywhere .	I think he bought his shirt in Italy , his hose in France , his hat in Germany , and his behavior everywhere .
What ’ s the wager ?	What ’ s the bet ?
You have been hotly call 'd for ; When , being not at your lodging to be found , The Senate hath sent about three quests To search you out .	You have been hotly called for ; When , you weren ’ t found at your lodging , The senate sent about three different requests To search for you .
I know you not .	I don ’ t know you .
If you come slack of former services , You shall do well .	And if you ’ re not as attentive in serving him as you used to be , that ’ ll be good .
Come , will you go with me ?	Will you come with me ?
And must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?	And should everyone who makes promises and breaks them be hanged ?
How am I then a villain To counsel Cassio to this parallel course , Directly to his good ?	How am I evil to advise Cassio to do exactly what ’ ll do him good ?
Ready .	Here .
Kiss him for that , good widow .	Kiss him for that , good widow .
If I could bid the fifth welcome with so good a heart as I can bid the other four farewell , I should be glad of his approach .	If I could say hello to the fifth one as happily as I ’ ll say goodbye to the first four , I ’ d be very happy he ’ s coming .
Come on !	Come on !
What says Polonius ?	What does she want ?
I here do give thee that with all my heart Which , but thou hast already , with all my heart I would keep from thee .	With all my heart , I give you that thing which , if you didn ’ t already have it , I ’ d try with all my heart to keep from you .
How all the other passions fleet to air , As , doubtful thoughts , and rash-embrac 'd despair , And shudd 'ring fear , and green-eyed jealousy .	How all the other passions fly to the air , As doubtful thoughts , and rash-embraced despair , And shuddering fear , and green-eyed jealousy !
By Jacob ’ s staff , I swear , I have no mind of feasting forth tonight .	Block up my house ’ s ears — I mean the windows .
He hath .	Yes , he has .
Behold how like a maid she blushes here !	Look , how she blushes like a virgin !
I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon .	I think Alexander the Great was born in Macedon .
My tables ! — Meet it is I set it down That one may smile , and smile , and be a villain .	Where ’ s my notebook ? — It ’ s a good idea for me to write down that one can smile and smile , and be a villain .
O , that we then could come by Caesar 's spirit , And not dismember Caesar !	O , that we could come by Caesar 's spirit then And not dismember Caesar !
Mislike me not for my complexion , The shadowed livery of the burnish 'd sun , To whom I am a neighbour , and near bred .	Don ’ t dislike me for my complexion , The dark clothing of the polished sun , To whom I am a neighbor , and born near it .
I ’ ll put it on .	I ’ ll put it on anyway .
I would have sworn it had , my lord , especially against Benedick .	I would have sworn that , too , my lord , especially against Benedick .
Sir , I commend you to your own content .	Sir , I leave you to your own contentment .
About the wood go swifter than the wind , And Helena of Athens look thou find — All fancy-sick she is and pale of cheer , With sighs of love , that costs the fresh blood dear .	Go around the forest , moving faster than the wind , and make sure you find Helena of Athens . — She ’ s lovesick , and her face is pale from all the sighing she ’ s been doing , because sighing is bad for the blood .
On .	Go on .
And if you wrong us , shall we not revenge ?	And if you treat us badly , won ’ t we try to get revenge ?
If you did wed my sister for her wealth , Then for her wealth ’ s sake use her with more kindness .	If you married my sister for her wealth , then for her wealth ’ s sake , treat her with more kindness .
This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard .	This is the silliest stuff that ever I heard .
Where left we last ?	Where did we leave off ?
What now , Lucillius ?	What ’ s happening now , Lucillius ?
Thou are too like the spirit of Banquo .	You are too like the spirit of Banquo .
Indeed , the French may lay twenty French crowns to one they will beat us , for they bear them on their shoulders .	Indeed , the French can bet twenty French crowns to one that they ’ ll beat us , they have such an army .
Tarry a little .	But wait a moment .
At Crosby Place , there shall you find us both .	You ’ ll find us both at Crosby Place .
Why , thou silly gentleman !	Why , you silly gentleman !
No , not so , villain , thou beliest thyself .	No , villain , but you didn ’ t work alone .
Damn her , lewd minx !	Damn her , lewd cat !
If thou beest not immortal , look about you .	If you ’ re not immortal , look around you .
They are of Norway , sir .	They are from Norway , sir .
Now do I see ' tis true .	Now I see it is true .
I would lose all — ay , sacrifice them all Here to this devil — to deliver you .	I ’ d give it all up — yes , I ’ d sacrifice them all to this devil here — to save you .
Swear by my sword Never to speak of this that you have heard .	Swear by my sword you ’ ll never mention what you ’ ve heard .
Prithee , peace .	Please , peace .
Ay , be so , good Touchstone .	Yes , be content , good Touchstone .
I pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill- favoredly .	Please don ’ t ruin any more of my poems by reading them so badly .
Speak the word along .	Pass the order along .
Slid , I ’ ll after him again and beat him .	By God , I ’ ll go after him again and beat him up .
Not one now to mock your own grinning ?	No one now , to mock your own grinning ?
Hold , for your lives !	Hold , for your lives !
It is as easy as lying .	It ’ s as easy as lying .
Your reproof is something too round .	Your scolding is somewhat overblown .
Welcome , then , Thou unsubstantial air that I embrace !	So I welcome this wind freely .
Why , how now , Stephano ?	How are you doing , Stephano ?
I will not sleep , my lord , till I have delivered your letter .	I won ’ t sleep until I ’ ve delivered your letter , my lord .
Do so .	You need to .
Sola !	Hey !
to Alonso &ket; Is not , sir , my doublet as fresh as the first day &bra; to Alonso &ket; Is not , sir , my I wore it ?	Isn ’ t my jacket , sir , as fresh as the first day I wore it ?
No , truly , for the truest poetry is the most feigning , and lovers are given to poetry , and what they swear in poetry may be said as lovers they do feign .	Not really , for the truest poetry is often the most artificial .
Under what title shall I woo for thee , That God , the law , my honor and her love Can make seem pleasing to her tender years ?	How can I describe you that will make you appeal to the young woman and will also agree with God , the law , my honor , and her feelings ?
Let us toward the king .	Let ’ s go see the King .
fool !	fool !
So he served the second , and so the third .	Charles did the same to the second brother , and the third .
Thou sure and firm-set earth , Hear not my steps , which way they walk , for fear Thy very stones prate of my whereabout , And take the present horror from the time , Which now suits with it .	Sure and firm-set earth , Don ’ t hear my steps , which ever way they walk , for fear Your very stones disclose my whereabouts , And take the current horror from the time , Which now suits it .
I speak but in the figures and comparisons of it .	I ’ m speaking purely in analogies and comparisons .
Poor Tom , thy horn is dry .	Poor Tom , your cup is empty .
Will you not tell me who told you so ?	Won ’ t you tell me who told you that ?
When I come where he calls , then he is gone .	When I reach the place he ’ s calling from , he disappears .
I do begin to have bloody thoughts .	I ’ m starting to feel murderous urges .
Had I been any god of power , I would Have sunk the sea within the earth or ere It should the good ship so have swallowed and The fraughting souls within her .	If I ’ d been a god I would ’ ve let the sea sink inside the earth before it had a chance to swallow up that ship and all the people it was carrying .
Lurk , lurk .	Lurk out of sight .
Ay , amen !	Amen to that !
If justice cannot tame you , she shall ne 'er weigh more reasons in her balance .	If they let you off , then we ’ ll have to assume that Lady Justice has lost all her power .
But note me , signor —	But listen to me , signor —
Name what part I am for and proceed .	Tell me which part I ’ m going to play , then go on .
Now mark him , he begins again to speak .	Now watch him ; he begins to speak again .
How like a prodigal doth she return ; With over-weather 'd ribs , and ragged sails , Lean , rent , and beggar 'd by the strumpet wind !	How she returns like the spendthrift , With weather-beaten sides and ragged sails , Thin , torn , and destitute by the prostitute wind !
And if it sort not well , you may conceal her , As best befits her wounded reputation , In some reclusive and religious life , Out of all eyes , tongues , minds , and injuries .	And if it doesn ’ t go well , then you can keep her hidden in a nunnery , the best place for someone with her kind of dirtied reputation — away from the public ’ s eyes , tongues , mind , and insults .
For one thing she did They would not take her life .	But for one reason they refused to execute her .
The labor we delight in physics pain .	The work we enjoy is not really work .
Gentlemen all , — alas , what shall I say ?	Gentlemen all — alas , what shall I say ?
Let ’ s withdraw , my lord .	Quick , let ’ s hide , my lord .
He , sir .	He , sir .
I will not sort you with the rest of my servants ; for , to speak to you like an honest man , I am most dreadfully attended .	I won ’ t sort you with the rest of my servants , because , to speak to you like an honest man , I am most dreadfully attended .
Go , Pindarus , get higher on that hill .	Go , Pindarus , climb a little higher on this hill .
I hourly learn A doctrine of obedience , and would gladly Look him i ’ th ’ face .	I ’ m learning every hour how to be subservient .
He is a sailmaker in Bergamo .	Your father is a sailmaker in Bergamo .
What did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now ?	What did you mean by that same handkerchief you just gave me ?
It much would please him That of his fortunes you should make a staff To lean upon .	It would please him very much if you would rely on his wealth and success to support you .
Caesar !	Caesar !
You lack the season of all natures , sleep .	You need to sleep .
Fetch us in fuel , and be quick , thou 'rt best , To answer other business . — Shrug 'st thou , malice ?	Get fuel for us and you had better be quick About answering the other business .
Much will be seen in that .	That will tell you a lot .
Such tricks hath strong imagination That , if it would but apprehend some joy , It comprehends some bringer of that joy ; Or in the night , imagining some fear , How easy is a bush supposed a bear ?	Such tricks have strong imagination , That , if it would only catch some joy , It understands some bringer of that joy ; Or in the night , imagining some fear , How easy is a bush thought to be a bear ?
The bark is ready and the wind at help , Th ' associates tend , and everything is bent For England .	So then the Poles won ’ t be willing to defend it .
I pray you , let me look upon the bond .	Please , let me review the contract .
Brutus , a word with you .	Brutus , a word with you .
He will find it comes from a clodpole .	He ’ ll just think an idiot wrote it .
Art thou afeared ?	Are you afraid ?
Let him come , and kindly .	Let them come — I don ’ t care .
How I have thought of this and of these times I shall recount hereafter .	What I think about this , and about what ’ s happening here in Rome , I ’ ll tell you later .
Antonio .	Antonio !
It is a creature that I teach to fight , To wind , to stop , to run directly on , His corporal motion govern 'd by my spirit .	My horse is a creature that I teach to fight , To wind , to stop , to run directly on , His bodily motions ruled by my whims .
How much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping !	And it ’ s definitely better to cry because you ’ re happy than laugh because you ’ re sad !
If thou beest Trinculo , come forth .	If you ’ re Trinculo , then come out .
Let me be resolved .	How did he receive you , let me be convinced .
I hear his trumpet .	I hear his trumpet .
Have the pioneers given o 'er ?	Have the excavators stopped work ?
I know young bloods look for a time of rest .	I know that young men look forward to their rest .
This is the pent-house , under which Lorenzo Desir 'd us to make stand .	This is the house where Lorenzo Wanted us to wait .
List , list , O , list !	Listen , listen , O , listen !
Captain Macmorris , I think , look you , under your correction , there is not many of your nation — Of my nation ?	Captain Macmorris , I think , see — correct me if I ’ m wrong — there are not many of your nation — My nation ?
The earth hath bubbles , as the water has , And these are of them .	The earth has bubbles , just like the water , and these creatures must have come from a bubble in the earth .
Hath he asked for me ?	Has he asked for me ?
What do you think ?	What do you believe ?
As of a man faithful and honourable .	As of a man faithful and honorable .
Marry , I fare well , For here is cheer enough .	This is all quite pleasant .
Lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry basting .	Because it will make you angry , and that will get me another beating .
Your grace hath laid the odds o ' th ' weaker side .	You ’ ve bet on the weaker fencer .
But if he be at hand I shall be satisfied .	If he ’ s nearby , I want an explanation .
Bow , stubborn knees ; and heart with strings of steel , Be soft as sinews of the new-born babe !	Bow , stubborn knees , and , heart , with strings of steel , Be soft as the muscles of the newborn baby !
I had my father ’ s signet in my purse , Which was the model of that Danish seal .	I had my father ’ s signet ring in my pocket , with the royal seal of Denmark on it .
Then let us both be sudden .	Let ’ s act quickly .
Shall we give o 'er and drown ?	Should we all give up and drown ?
True , madam .	It ’ s possible , ma 'am .
Keep thou the left .	You stay on the left .
Then you are a better than the king .	Then you ’ re a better man than the king .
It was great ignorance , Gloucester ’ s eyes being out , To let him live .	It was a huge mistake to let old Gloucester live after we blinded him .
What dost thou profess ?	What ’ s your profession ?
I do believe it Against an oracle .	I would believe it Against a fortuneteller .
I think thou art an ass .	I think you ’ re an ass .
Why do you speak to me ?	Why are you talking like this ?
O Caesar !	Oh , Caesar !
Noble Sebastian , Thou let 'st thy fortune sleep — die rather ; wink 'st Whiles thou art waking .	Noble Sebastian , You let your fortune sleep — die rather : wink While you are waking .
Lay her a-hold , a-hold !	Turn the ship to the wind !
Inquire the Jew 's house out , give him this deed , And let him sign it ; we 'll away to-night , And be a day before our husbands home .	Find the Jew 's house , give him this deed , And let him sign it ; we 'll leave tonight , And be a day ahead of our husbands coming home .
Fear ’ st thou that , Antonio ?	Do you have any doubts , Antonio ?
God be with you all .	God be with you all .
And what hope is that , I pray thee ?	What hope is that , may I ask ?
Dost thou understand me , man ?	Do you understand what I ’ m saying , man ?
Well , we shall sift him .	Well , we shall figure him out .
Can I bear that with patience And not my husband 's secrets ?	can I suffer that with patience But not my husband 's secrets ?
And there assume some other horrible form , Which might deprive your sovereignty of reason And draw you into madness ?	where it takes on some other horrible form that drives you insane .
I ’ ll tell my husband , Launcelot , what you say .	I ’ ll tell my husband what you ’ ve said , Launcelot .
To England will I steal , and there I ’ ll steal .	I ’ ll steal away to England , and I ’ ll steal some more when I get there .
Alas , poor caitiff !	Alas , poor wretch !
How now , sirrah !	What ’ s up , man ?
We have used our throats in Egypt .	We did a lot of drinking in Egypt .
But for my daughter Katherine , this I know , She is not for your turn , the more my grief .	As for my daughter Katherine , this much I know : she ’ s not for you — more ’ s the pity .
It may be his enemy is a gentleman of great sort , quite from the answer of his degree .	It may be that his antagonist is a gentleman of very high degree , quite outside of his own sphere .
Now know you , Casca , I have moved already Some certain of the noblest-minded Romans To undergo with me an enterprise Of honorable-dangerous consequence .	Now let me tell you , Casca , I have already convinced some of the noblest Romans to join me in an honorable but dangerous mission .
Why , I said nothing .	I didn ’ t say anything .
Presently .	Yes , right now .
Why , the enemy is loud .	But the enemy is loud .
God defend me from these two !	God protect me from these two !
I am a spirit of no common rate ; The summer still doth tend upon my state ; And I do love thee ; therefore , go with me .	I am a spirit of no simple power — The summer still waits for me And I love you .
Now we 'll together , and the chance of goodness Be like our warranted quarrel !	Now we 'll fight together , and the chance of goodness Will like our necessary quarrel !
Did we , my lord ?	Did we , my lord ?
for lead ?	For lead ?
I wear it for a memorable honor , For I am Welsh , you know , good countryman .	I wear it with pride , for I am Welsh you know , good countryman .
No , none by me .	No , he didn ’ t get any by me .
Why then , you are in love .	Well then , you must be in love .
Directly , I am going to Caesar 's funeral .	Directly , I ’ m going to Caesar 's funeral .
I cannot wish the fault undone , the issue of it being so proper .	Well , I wouldn ’ t want to undo the naughtiness , since the boy turned out so well .
Come , you are too severe a moraler .	Come , you are too moral .
Let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him .	So let ’ s join forces and get revenge .
I say amen , Gonzalo .	Amen to that , Gonzalo .
Pray you , come in .	I beg you , come in .
Thou , it seems , that calls for company to countenance her .	You just said they had to face her .
I cannot tell .	I don ’ t know .
Now , sweet lord , You know the goodness I intend upon you .	Now , my sweet lord , you know how much I like you .
My thanes and kinsmen , Henceforth be earls , the first that ever Scotland In such an honor named .	My thanes and kinsmen , I name you all earls , the first earls that Scotland has ever had .
Lovers and madmen have such seething brains , Such shaping fantasies , that apprehend More than cool reason ever comprehends .	Lovers and madmen have such busy brains , Such ability to shape fantasies , that they catch More than cool reason ever understands .
Bruisèd pieces , go .	Battered armor , be off .
It was divided Between her heart and lips .	Antony ” was divided between her heart and lips .
O , how fit a word Is that vile name to perish on my sword !	Oh , how fitting it is that That vile name should perish on my sword !
Here on her breast There is a vent of blood , and something blown .	Here on her breast there ’ s a little bloody mark .
It is so .	Yes .
How ?	What ?
We wait upon your Grace .	We ’ ll come with you , your Grace .
At my lodging .	At my house .
I would be friends with you and have your love , Forget the shames that you have stained me with , Supply your present wants and take no doit Of usance for my moneys — and you ’ ll not hear me !	I want to be friends with you , and forget all the times you ’ ve embarrassed and humiliated me .
Antonio , gratify this gentleman , For , in my mind , you are much bound to him .	Antonio , thank this gentleman , Because , in my opinion , you owe him a lot .
Mustardseed .	Mustardseed .
To express the like kindness , myself , that have been more kindly beholding to you than any , freely give unto you this young scholar	I myself , who am more indebted to you than anyone , have brought you this young scholar
More strange than true .	More strange than true .
Not in the legions Of horrid hell can come a devil more damned In evils to top Macbeth .	Even in hell you couldn ’ t find a devil worse than Macbeth .
My learnèd lord , we pray you to proceed And justly and religiously unfold Why the law Salic that they have in France Or should or should not bar us in our claim .	My learned lord , kindly explain to us the legal and religious grounds for why this French Salic law either should or shouldn ’ t bar me in my claim .
A good persuasion ; therefore , hear me , Hermia .	A good argument ; therefore , listen to me , Hermia .
Here is the number of the slaughtered French .	Here is the count of the slaughtered French .
If you do stir abroad , go armed .	If you go outside , arm yourself .
If you had known the virtue of the ring , Or half her worthiness that gave the ring , Or your own honour to contain the ring , You would not then have parted with the ring .	If you had known the virtue of the ring , Or half the worthiness of her who gave the ring , Or your own honor to hold the ring , You wouldn ’ t have parted then with the ring .
I am the unhappy subject of these quarrels .	I am the unhappy subject of these quarrels .
O my lord , my lord , Forgive my fearful sails !	Oh , my lord , my lord , forgive my panic !
They say he cried out of sack .	He ’ s in They say he cried out against sherry .
What hast thou done ?	What have you done ?
If she deny to wed , I ’ ll crave the day When I shall ask the banns and when be marrièd .	If she refuses my proposal , I ’ ll tell her how much I ’ m looking forward to the announcement and the wedding .
you cankerb lossom !	you rotten scoundrel !
Thine eyes , sweet lady , have infected mine .	Your beautiful eyes , sweet lady , have infected mine with love .
Canidius and the rest That fell away have entertainment but No honorable trust .	Canidius and the others that left Antony are given hospitality here but no positions of trust .
Therefore You will not pay for the glasses you have burst ?	We You won ’ t pay for the glasses you smashed ?
Pay him six thousand and deface the bond !	Pay him six thousand and cancel the debt .
What a thrice-double ass Was I to take this drunkard for a god , And worship this dull fool !	What a three times two ass I was , to take this drunkard for a god , And worship this dull fool !
But , for mine own part , it was Greek to me .	As for myself , it was Greek to me .
Confusion now hath made his masterpiece .	The worst thing imaginable has happened .
Marcus Octavius , Marcus Justeius , Publicola , and Caelius , are for sea ; But we keep whole by land .	Marcus Octavius , Marcus Justeius , Publicola , and Caelius will go by sea , but we ’ ll keep the bulk on land .
I should venture purgatory for ’ t .	I ’ d risk my soul for that .
After her , after her .	After her , after her .
Hark .	Listen .
Fetch Desdemona hither .	Fetch Desdemona here .
If haply you my father do suspect An instrument of this your calling back , Lay not your blame on me .	If you ’ ve been ordered back to Venice because of my father , don ’ t blame me .
A very pleasing night to honest men .	A very pleasing night to honest men .
Follow me , lady . — Turn out that eyeless villain .	Follow me , madam . — Throw the blind traitor outside .
It is so too .	It is .
The instances that second marriage move Are base respects of thrift , but none of love .	The reasons for a second marriage Are low respects of saving money , but not for love .
Woe that too late repents ! — Is it your will ?	You ’ ll be sorry later , but it ’ ll be too late .
Francis Flute , the bellows-mender .	Francis Flute , the bellows-mender .
Thou art too wild , too rude and bold of voice — Parts that become thee happily enough And in such eyes as ours appear not faults .	Sometimes you get a bit too wild , and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude .
A bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours .	I ’ d rather be a squawking bird than an animal like you .
Lord of lords !	You are all Lord of lords !
Had he not resembled My father as he slept , I had done 't .	If the King hadn ’ t resembled My father as he slept , I would ’ ve done it .
I have said .	I said she was .
Mine eyes are made the fools o ’ the other senses , Or else worth all the rest .	My eyes are made the fools of by the other senses , Or else my eyes are worth all the rest .
Nothing that is so is so .	Nothing is what it is .
Where is Antony ?	Where ’ s Antony ?
here comes the man ; — to him , father ; for I am a Jew if I serve the Jew any longer .	Here comes the man : give the present to him , father ; because I am a Jew , if I serve the Jew any longer .
Till then , my noble friend , chew upon this : Brutus had rather be a villager Than to repute himself a son of Rome Under these hard conditions as this time Is like to lay upon us .	Until then , my noble friend , think about this : I ’ d rather be a poor villager than call myself a citizen of Rome under the hard conditions that this time is likely to put us through .
Let all the rest give place .	All the rest of you can leave too .
O , good my lord , tax not so bad a voice To slander music anymore than once .	Oh , my good lord , don ’ t make me insult music again with my awful singing .
Remember it , my lord ?	How could I forget , my lord !
Now , by the faith of my love , I will .	By my faith in love , I will , then .
You know me by my habit .	You know from my clothing who I am .
Seek it out .	Find it !
Sir , here ’ s the door .	Here is the door , sir .
Certainly , my conscience will serve me to run from this Jew , my master .	Certainly , my conscience will allow me to run from this Jew my master .
I had rather have a handful or two of dried peas .	I ’ d rather have a handful or two of dried peas .
I ’ ll pluck thee berries .	I ’ ll pick berries for you .
Anon , as patient as the female dove When that her golden couplets are disclosed , His silence will sit drooping .	Then he ’ ll be as calm and quiet as a dove waiting for her eggs to hatch .
Speak .	Tell me .
To business that we love we rise betimes And go to ’ t with delight .	When we love our job we get up early and go to it joyfully .
Knock , knock , knock !	Knock , knock , knock !
Our severed navy too Have knit again , and fleet , threat ’ ning most sealike .	Our tattered navy has reassembled and set sail , as formidable as the sea itself .
Death of one person can be paid but once , And that she has discharged .	A person can only pay with their life once , and she has paid in full .
Do , good William .	Do what he says , William .
Fast bind , fast find .	Goodbye .
When devils will the blackest sins put on They do suggest at first with heavenly shows As I do now .	When devils are about to commit their biggest sins they put on their most heavenly faces , just like I ’ m doing now .
Give me my armor .	Give me my amour .
I will o 'erlook thy paper .	I ’ ll take a look at your letter .
O , would to God that the inclusive verge Of golden metal that must round my brow Were red-hot steel to sear me to the brains !	I wish to God that the golden crown that I ’ ll have to wear were red-hot steel and burned me straight through to the brain !
What is the opinion of Pythagoras concerning wildfowl ?	What was the philosopher Pythagoras ’ s belief about wild birds ?
Amen .	Amen .
My lord , I have news to tell you .	My lord , I have news for you .
Enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber .	Well , enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep .
As I do live , my honored lord , ’ tis true .	I swear to God it ’ s true , sir .
Though our lives — Your spirits shine through you .	Though our lives — Your spirits shine through you .
You would seem to know my stops .	I don ’ t know how .
Nay , you must name his name , and half his face must be seen through the lion ’ s neck .	No , we can just announce the actor ’ s name , and let his face show through the lion costume , and have him say something himself .
I that am cruel am yet merciful ; I would not have thee linger in thy pain .	I who is cruel am yet merciful ; I would not have you linger in your pain .
What ill request did Brutus make to thee ?	What wicked request did Brutus make to you ?
And welcome more common , for that ’ s nothing but words .	And everyone can say “ welcome , ” which is just a word .
Good morrow , Casca . — Caius Ligarius , Caesar was ne 'er so much your enemy As that same ague which hath made you lean .	Caius Ligarius , I was never your enemy so much as the sickness that ’ s made you so thin .
What , man ?	What news , man ?
Let me hear Agrippa further speak .	Let me hear what Agrippa has to say .
Sir , in Algiers .	Sir , in Algeria .
Lord Hamlet !	Lord Hamlet !
It cannot be .	It cannot be .
Plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?	Pull off my beard ?
Pyramus draws near the wall .	Pyramus is coming up to the wall .
No , by this heavenly light !	By the light of heaven , no , I would not !
Iago .	Iago .
Neither to you nor any one , having no witness to confirm my speech .	I will not confess it to you nor to anyone else , because there was no one else to witness her speech .
Why of thy thought , Iago ?	What bout your thought , Iago ?
What news ?	What news ?
Your mind may change .	You may change your mind later .
In truth , I know it is a sin to be a mocker , but he ! — why , he hath a horse better than the Neapolitan ’ s , a better bad habit of frowning than the Count Palatine .	His horse is better than the Neapolitan ’ s and he frowns more than the Count Palatine .
If thou beest Stephano , touch me and speak to me .	If you ’ re Stephano , touch me and speak to me .
He cannot live , I hope , and must not die Till George be packed with post-horse up to heaven .	The king won ’ t live , I hope .
Antonio is a good man .	Antonio is a good man .
Well met , my lord .	A nice coincidence , my lord .
And thus she moans , videlicet : — Asleep , my love ?	And thus she moans , that is to say . — Asleep , my love ?
I hate him for he is a Christian : But more , for that , in low simplicity , He lends out money gratis , and brings down The rate of usance here with us in Venice .	I hate him because he is a Christian ; But more , because , in his low simplicity , He lends out money free , and brings down The rate of interest with us here in Venice .
Did you see Master Lorenzo ?	Have you seen Master Lorenzo !
Ask her forgiveness ?	Apologize ?
That pure congealed white , high Taurus ' snow , Fann 'd with the eastern wind , turns to a crow When thou hold 'st up thy hand .	When you hold up your hand that pure congealed white top , High Taurus ' snow , fanned with the eastern wind , Turns to a crow .
Meantime we thank you for your well-took labour .	In the meantime , we thank you for a job well done .
I have a wife , whom I protest I love ; I would she were in heaven , so she could Entreat some power to change this currish Jew .	I have a wife whom , I protest , I love ; I wish she were in heaven , so she could Beg some power to change this currish Jew .
And those that leave their valiant bones in France , Dying like men though buried in your dunghills , They shall be famed ; for there the sun shall greet them And draw their honors reeking up to heaven , Leaving their earthly parts to choke your clime ,	And those who leave their valiant bones in France , dying like men though buried in your dunghills — they ’ ll be remembered , too .
But where was this ?	But where did this happen ?
There ’ s something in ’ t That is deceivable .	There ’ s something going on that ’ s not what it seems .
No .	No .
Master , here ’ s The gold you sent me for .	Here ’ s the money you wanted , master .
He dies that strikes again .	The next person to strike again dies .
If he have the condition of a saint and the complexion of a devil , I had rather he should shrive me than wive me .	If he ’ s as good as a saint but is black like a devil , I ’ d rather he hear my confession than marry me .
At mine own house , good lady .	At mine own house , good lady .
In brief , Sorrow would be a rarity most beloved If all could so become it .	If everyone looked so lovely in their sorrow , then sorrow would be highly prized .
You might have come before .	You could have come sooner .
My lord ?	My lord ?
Three proper young men of excellent growth and presence .	Three proper young men , all good looking and with great presence —
Signor , you are very near my brother in his love .	Sir , my brother is very fond of you .
You more invest it !	How , in stripping it bare , You invest more in it !
O most courageous day !	Oh , how wonderful to see you !
You have not been abed , then ?	You have not been to bed then ?
Good your grace , pardon me .	Forgive me , your grace .
With all my heart .	With all my heart , I ’ ll go right away .
My life upon ’ t , young though thou art , thine eye Hath stay ’ d upon some favor that it loves .	I ’ d bet my life that , as young as you are , you ’ ve fallen in love with someone .
Then must I think you would not have it so .	Then I must think you wouldn ’ t want it .
Here ’ s Lucentio , right son to the right Vincentio , That have by marriage made thy daughter mine While counterfeit supposes bleared thine eyne .	I have made your daughter mine by marriage while false impressions blinded your eyes .
Now I arise .	Now I ’ ll stand up .
Thee and thy virtues here I seize upon , Be it lawful I take up what ’ s cast away .	I ’ ll take you and your wonderful virtues here and now , if it ’ s okay that I ’ m picking up what others have thrown away .
Caesar ’ s .	Caesar .
If she be false , heaven mocked itself .	If she ’ s cheated on me , then heaven itself is a fake .
Censure me in your wisdom , and awake your senses that you may the better judge .	Be wise when you criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly .
I fear me both are false .	I fear that your words and your heart are both false .
What is he that shall buy his flock and pasture ?	Who wants to buy the flock and the pasture ?
Come , one for me .	Come , one for me .
May we do so ?	Can we do that ?
what friend ?	What friend ?
What , did Caesar swound ?	What , did Caesar faint ?
Your servants ever Have theirs , themselves , and what is theirs , in compt , To make their audit at your Highness ’ pleasure , Still to return your own .	Your servants always Have their necessities , themselves , and what they own , in elegance , To make their reckoning of accounts at your highness ' pleasure , Still to return your own goods .
Flatterers ? — Now , Brutus , thank yourself .	Now , Brutus , you have only yourself to thank .
Tender yourself more dearly , Or — not to crack the wind of the poor phrase , Running it thus — you ’ ll tender me a fool .	Offer yourself more respect , or — not to beat this word to death — you ’ ll offer me the chance to be a laughing-stock .
You look not well , Signor Antonio .	You don ’ t look well , Antonio .
Let our reciprocal vows be remembered .	Don ’ t forget the vows we made to each other .
Draw the curtain straight .	Hurry , hurry , close the curtain quick .
Not in the legions Of horrid hell can come a devil more damn 'd In evils to top Macbeth .	Not in the legions Of horrid hell can come a devil more damned In evils to top Macbeth .
Where the devil should he learn our language ?	How the hell does he know our language ?
No , by no means .	No , by no means .
It is not madness That I have utt 'red .	It ’ s not craziness That I have spoken .
Octavius , then take him to follow thee That did the latest service to my master .	Octavius , then take him to follow you , Who did the latest service to my master .
The chain !	Give me the necklace !
Most certain .	It ’ s undeniable .
Yet , in reason , no man should possess him with any appearance of fear , lest he , by showing it , should dishearten his army .	Still , it stands to reason that he mustn ’ t betray his fear , as it might dishearten his army .
Tom ’ s a-cold .	Tom ’ s chilly .
But when this ring Parts from this finger , then parts life from hence ; O , then be bold to say , Bassanio 's dead .	But when this ring Parts from this finger , then life parts from my body : Oh !
Dwell I but in the suburbs Of your good pleasure ?	Do I only live outside Of your good pleasure ?
Are you sure of that ?	Are you sure of that ?
I am very proud , revengeful , ambitious , with more offences at my beck than I have thoughts to put them in , imagination to give them shape , or time to act them in .	I am arrogant , vengeful , ambitious , with more ill will in me than I can fit into my thoughts , and more than I have time to carry it out in .
Get him to say his prayers , good Sir Toby , get him to pray .	Get him to say his prayers , Sir Toby , get him to pray .
Why , ' tis found so .	Why , that ’ s the coroner ’ s finding .
Set down your venerable burden , And let him feed .	Set the honorable old man down and let him eat .
I have made bold , Iago , To send in to your wife .	I have made bold , Iago , To send for your wife .
I dreamt tonight that I did feast with Caesar , And things unluckily charge my fantasy .	I dreamt tonight that I feasted with Caesar , And unlucky things directed my imagination .
In most profound earnest , and , I ’ ll warrant you , for the love of Beatrice .	Very serious , and I ’ m sure it ’ s because of Beatrice .
I pray thee , if it stand with honesty , Buy thou the cottage , pasture , and the flock , And thou shalt have to pay for it of us .	Please , if you can do it without taking advantage of the young man , buy the cottage , pasture , and flock for us , and we ’ ll pay you for it .
Had I as many eyes as thou hast wounds , Weeping as fast as they stream forth thy blood , It would become me better than to close In terms of friendship with thine enemies .	If I had as many eyes as you ’ ve got wounds , Weeping as fast as they let your blood out , It would suit me better than to close In terms of friendship with your enemies .
Let me embrace with old Vincentio , And wander we to see thy honest son , Who will of thy arrival be full joyous .	Let me embrace the father of Lucentio , and then we ’ ll journey on to see your son , who will rejoice at your arrival .
I ’ ll tell thee , friend , I am almost mad myself .	Let me tell you , my friend , I ’ m almost insane myself .
Thou liest .	You lie .
Tis now struck twelve .	The clock ’ s just striking twelve .
Demetrius loves her , and he loves not you .	Demetrius loves her , and he doesn ’ t love you .
O Regan , Goneril , Your old kind father , whose frank heart gave all — Oh , that way madness lies .	Oh , Regan , Goneril , your kind old father whose generous heart gave you everything — Oh , if I think about that I ’ ll go mad .
O heavy deed !	A thing of no importance .
tis most true ; And he beseech 'd me to entreat your Majesties To hear and see the matter .	This is very true , And he begged me to invite your majesties To hear and see the play .
Seafaring men , sir .	Naked , ” he says .
He is now as valiant as Hercules that only tells a lie and swears it .	The man who tells a lie and swears by it is now considered as brave as Hercules .
He was not three leagues off when I left him .	When I left him , he was less than nine miles from here .
For God ’ s sake , take a house .	For God ’ s sake , find a house to duck into .
Is not that he that lies upon the ground ?	Isn ’ t that he who lies on the ground ?
No , but she let it drop by negligence And , to th ' advantage , I being here , took ’ t up .	She dropped it carelessly , and , seizing the opportunity , since I was here , I picked it up .
What is amiss ?	What ’ s wrong ?
In wisdom I should ask thy name .	Normally I would ask you what your name is first .
Is that any thing now ?	Is that anything to think about now ?
A most poor credulous monster . — Well drawn , monster , in good sooth !	What a poor , gullible monster . — That was a nice big gulp , monster !
So be it .	I ’ m all right .
Now sir , this granted — as it is a most pregnant and unforced position — who stands so eminent in the degree of this fortune as Cassio does ?	Now , if that ’ s true — and it ’ s obviously true — who ’ s in a better position than Cassio ?
Tis he .	That ’ s him .
Come hither , Catesby .	Come here , Catesby .
Come , go we to the king .	Come on , let ’ s go see King Edward .
Who did strike out the light ?	Who put out the light ?
My ever gentle cousin , welcome hither .	My ever-gentle cousin , welcome here .
O thou foul thief , where hast thou stowed my daughter ?	You evil thief , where have you hidden my daughter ?
It is the green-eyed monster which doth mock The meat it feeds on .	It ’ s a green-eyed monster that makes fun of the victims it devours .
Good troth , you do me wrong , good sooth , you do , In such disdainful manner me to woo .	Do you have to harp on my inadequacy ?
Poor and content is rich , and rich enough , But riches fineless is as poor as winter To him that ever fears he shall be poor .	The person who ’ s poor and contented is rich enough .
I ’ ll seal to such a bond , And say there is much kindness in the Jew .	I ’ ll agree to those terms and even say that Jews are nice .
The morning comes upon 's .	The morning is coming .
In saying so , you shall but say the truth .	If you say that , you ’ ll only be telling the truth .
What it is , my Caius , I shall unfold to thee , as we are going To whom it must be done .	What it is , my Caius , I ’ ll tell you , as we are walking , As to whom it must be done .
Now , by the world , it is a lusty wench .	I like this girl !
Oh , that the slave had forty thousand lives !	Oh , I ’ d kill that bastard Cassio forty thousand times if I could !
Strike on the tinder , ho !	Light the candles !
I will not have to do with you .	I ’ ll have nothing to do with you .
Here ’ s France and Burgundy , my noble lord .	Here are the rulers of France and Burgundy , my lord .
But here 's a parchment with the seal of Caesar ; I found it in his closet , ' tis his will .	But here 's a parchment with the seal of Caesar , — I found it in his bedroom , — it ’ s his will .
Aroint thee , witch ! ” the rump-fed ronyon cries .	the fat , sloppy woman cries .
If I should speak , She would mock me into air .	If I said something , she ’ d mock me so mercilessly that I ’ d probably disintegrate into air .
Bid them prepare within .	Ask them prepare inside .
The blow thou hadst Shall make thy peace for moving me to rage , And I will boot thee with what gift beside Thy modesty can beg .	The blows I gave you already will make up for your upsetting me .
Of them I have much to tell thee .	I have much to tell you about them .
What else , fellow ?	What else did you hear ?
And for Mark Antony , think not of him , For he can do no more than Caesar 's arm When Caesar 's head is off .	And for Mark Antony , don ’ t think abut him , Because he can do no more than Caesar 's arm can do When Caesar 's head is cut off .
Will you hear me , Roderigo ?	Will you listen to me , Roderigo ?
I think he will carry this island home in his pocket and give it his son for an apple .	I think he will carry this island home in his pocket , and give it his son as an apple .
I can tell what thou wouldst do .	I know what you ’ d do .
The wager ?	OK . What ’ s the bet ?
O ye gods , Render me worthy of this noble wife !	O you gods , Make me worthy of this noble wife !
Tie up my love 's tongue , bring him silently .	Cover his mouth , bring him silently .
Draw , you rascal !	Draw your sword !
When shall he come ?	When shall he come ?
I beseech you .	Yes , please tell me .
No , monster , not I.	No , monster , not me .
Meet me and Gratiano At Gratiano ’ s lodging some hour hence .	Meet me and Gratiano at his house in about an hour .
I will here , shroud till the dregs of the storm be past .	I will stay covered here until the last of the storm is over .
If you will patiently dance in our round And see our moonlight revels , go with us .	If you behave yourself and join us in our circle dance and moonlight celebrations , then you can come with us .
Spirit , We must prepare to meet with Caliban .	Spirit , We must prepare to meet with Caliban .
Hang not on my garments .	Don ’ t tug on my clothes .
Baptista is a noble gentleman , To whom my father is not all unknown , And were his daughter fairer than she is , She may more suitors have , and me for one .	Baptista is a noble gentleman — one to whom my father is not completely unknown — and lovely as his daughter is , she is entitled to any number of suitors — myself among them .
Is it fit , The three-fold world divided , he should stand One of the three to share it ?	Is it fitting that , With the world divided into three parts , he should be One of the three to share it ?
Am I not wise ?	Am I not wise ?
Get me a taper in my study , Lucius .	Put a candle in my study , Lucius .
Yet I persuade myself to speak the truth Shall nothing wrong him .	But I don ’ t think it ’ ll hurt him to tell the truth .
Very well .	Very well .
Excellent !	Excellent !
And thither will I straight to visit him .	And I ’ ll go there straight to visit him .
Who is there ?	Who goes there ?
Here therefore for a while I will remain .	So I ’ ll stay here for a while .
I have thee not , and yet I see thee still .	I don ’ t hold you , and yet I still see you !
And he did bid us follow to the temple .	And he told us to follow him to the temple .
My heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .	My heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .
Richard loves Richard ; that is , I and I.	Richard loves Richard , that is , there ’ s just me and myself here .
No , madam .	No , ma 'am .
Perchance he will not mind me .	Maybe he won ’ t see me .
Lysander !	Lysander !
The wine of life is drawn , and the mere lees Is left this vault to brag of .	The wine of life has been poured out , and only the dregs remain .
But have you both forsworn me ?	Have you both really given me up ?
No , good mother .	No thanks , my good mother .
Lady , were you her bedfellow last night ?	Lady , did you sleep in her room last night ?
How now ?	How now !
Bid her have good heart .	Tell her to put her mind at rest .
Yet more quarrelling with occasion !	Yet more quarrelling with purpose !
By my troth , Nerissa , my little body is aweary of this great world .	Oh Nerissa , my poor little body is tired of this great big world .
We have not made good preparation .	We haven ’ t made a good preparation .
Pish for thee , Iceland dog , Thou prick-eared cur of Iceland !	Pish to you , you mangy dog , you pointy-eared Icelandic mutt .
I ’ ll fetch my sister to get her goodwill .	I ’ ll go get my sister and see what she thinks .
I come to fetch you to the Senate-house .	I come to go get you to the Senate-house .
I dare make his answer , none .	I ’ m sure I can answer for him — he doesn ’ t know any , either .
I fear me you ’ ll be in till then .	I ’ m afraid you ’ ll keep going until then .
Good bawcock , ' bate thy rage .	Dear man , calm your rage .
Was the hope drunk Wherein you dressed yourself ?	Were you drunk when you seemed so hopeful before ?
Her head ’ s declined , and death will seize her but Your comfort makes the rescue .	She ’ s weak and will die unless you comfort her .
Look to the Queen there , ho !	Look to the queen there , ho !
Is ’ t possible ?	Is it possible ?
You have my consent .	You have my consent .
Fly further off , my lord , fly further off ; Mark Antony is in your tents , my lord ; Fly , therefore , noble Cassius , fly far off .	Fly further off , my lord , fly further off ; Mark Antony is in your tents , my lord .
I am no less in blood than thou art , Edmund .	I ’ m no less noble than you are , Edmund .
Indeed the top of admiration , worth What 's dearest to the world !	Indeed , the top of admiration ; worth What 's dearest to the world !
It is a kind of history .	No , it ’ s a story .
Now , Catesby , what says your lord to my request ?	Now , Catesby , what does your lord say to my request ?
When I came back — For this was brief — I found them close together , At blow and thrust , even as again they were When you yourself did part them .	When I came back , For this was brief , --I found them close together , Everyone was fighting , even as again they were When you yourself parted them .
Set down , set down your honorable load , If honor may be shrouded in a hearse , Whilst I awhile obsequiously lament Th ' untimely fall of virtuous Lancaster .	Set down your honorable load , men , if there is ever any honor in being dead .
Cousin , you apprehend passing shrewdly .	Niece , you are exceptionally perceptive .
Is ’ t so , my lords of England ?	Is that true , my lords of England ?
You said the enemy would not come down But keep the hills and upper regions .	You said the enemy wouldn ’ t come down but keep to the hills and upper regions .
Content .	Agreed .
I found you as a morsel cold upon Dead Caesar ’ s trencher .	You were a cold crumb on dead Julius Caesar ’ s plate when I met you .
Lead me to my chamber .	Even though half of him is like a
Signior Baptista , will you be so strange ?	That ’ s Signior Baptista , will you really be this cruel ?
Gratiano !	Gratiano !
You shall confess that you are both deceived .	You ’ re both wrong .
Not till you have slept .	Not until you pass out .
At Sardis once , And this last night here in Philippi fields .	Once at Sardis and once last night , here in Philippi fields .
Look you lay home to him .	See that you are direct with him .
No more .	There ’ s nothing else .
See where they come .	Here they come .
Jailer , look to him .	Jailer , watch out for this one .
Support him by the arm .	Give him your arm .
Ay , so he says .	Yes , so he says .
Macbeth !	Macbeth !
And your experience makes you sad .	And your experience makes you sad .
Night hangs upon mine eyes , my bones would rest That have but labor 'd to attain this hour .	Night hangs on my eyes ; my bones that have only Labored to attain this hour want to rest .
O worthiest cousin !	O worthiest cousin !
He bears The third part of the world , man .	He carries a third of the world .
Therefore no more but to the matter .	Okay , to the point .
I thank you for your company , but , good faith , I had as lief have been myself alone .	Thanks for your company but , really , I would have preferred being alone .
But let that go .	But ignore that .
What though I killed her husband and her father ?	So what if I killed her husband and her father ?
Heavens thank you for ’ t !	May God thank you for it .
Then hear me , gracious sovereign , and you peers That owe yourselves , your lives , and services To this imperial throne .	Then hear me , gracious sovereign , and all you peers who owe your lives and duty to this imperial throne .
O damned Iago !	Damned Iago !
If you poison us , do we not die ?	If you poison us , don ’ t we die ?
This is a scurvy tune too : but here 's my comfort .	This is a nasty tune too : but here 's my comfort .
But look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading .	But look where sadly the poor wretch comes reading .
Fie on 't !	Shame on it !
Go , you wild bedfellow , you cannot soothsay .	You can ’ t see the future .
Call them again .	Well , call them back again .
I am your neighbor , and was suitor first .	I ’ m your neighbor and came courting first .
But , God be thanked , there is no need of me , And much I need to help you , were there need .	So , thank God , there is no real need for me , as I wouldn ’ t be able to help you much .
What , all my pretty chickens and their dam At one fell swoop ?	What , all my children and their mother dead in one fell swoop ?
Not ?	No ?
Methinks I should know you , and know this man .	I feel I should recognize you and that man
No ?	Oh , really ?
Master , knock the door hard .	Master , knock hard upon the door .
Quoth my master .	My master said it .
Indeed , upon my sword , indeed .	Indeed , on my sword , indeed .
What is Thisbe ?	Who ’ s Thisbe ?
Yet thou didst kill my children .	Yet you killed my children .
I think that one of them is hereabout , And cannot make away .	I think one of them is nearby and can ’ t get away .
Why , sir , give the gods a thankful sacrifice .	Then you should offer the gods a sacrifice to show your thanks .
And so swear I.	And so do I , my lord .
It is .	This is It is , my lord .
Why , I think so .	Your hand is Well , I hope so .
Ay , my commander .	Yes , my master .
I am maim 'd forever .	I am maimed forever .
What wouldst thou do , old man ?	What are you doing , old man ?
I know not , sir .	I don ’ t know , sir .
Effect it with some care , that he may prove More fond on her than she upon her love .	Please do this carefully , that he will be more in love with her than she is with him .
I fear there will a worse come in his place .	I ’ m afraid that a worse man will take his place .
She ’ s gone forever .	She ’ s gone forever .
Go , leave me .	Go , leave me .
Come , friends .	Come , friends .
Cassio !	Cassio !
Good friend , go to him .	Please go to him , my friend .
Tomorrow , then , I judge a happy day .	Tomorrow ’ s a good day .
But the rarity of it is — which is indeed almost beyond credit — As many vouched rarities are .	But the really unbelievable thing is — and this is incredible — As most unbelievable things are .
They told me I was everything .	They told me I was everything .
Farewell .	Farewell .
Nay , then , thus : We came into the world like brother and brother , And now let ’ s go hand in hand , not one before another .	We came into the world as brother and brother , so now let ’ s enter hand in hand — not one before the other .
Tell him myself , the mayor , and aldermen , No less importing than our general good , In deep designs , and matters of great moment Are come to have some conference with his grace .	Tell him that the mayor , some citizens , and I have come to confer with his grace in matters of great importance concerning the general good .
You appeared to me but as a common man .	You represented yourself as just a common man .
Hold you content .	Hold your peace .
Here ’ s to Caesar .	Here ’ s to Caesar .
Lovers , make moan .	Lovers , moan and weep .
Speak , speak !	Speak up and tell me !
Good my lord , enter .	Please go inside .
Did not you tell me I should know the man By the Athenian garment he had on ?	Didn ’ t you tell me that I ’ d be able to recognize the man by the Athenian clothes he was wearing ?
Fled to his house amazed .	He ran to his house , stunned .
Past the mid season .	Past noon .
This doth betoken The corse they follow did with desperate hand Fordo it own life .	This shows that The corpse they follow did , with a desperate hand , Commit suicide .
By Isis , I will give thee bloody teeth If thou with Caesar paragon again My man of men .	By Isis , I ’ ll give you bloody teeth if you ever compare Caesar with Antony , my best man among men .
He is descried .	He has captured Toryne .
Do you not remember , lady , in your father 's time , a Venetian , a scholar and a soldier that came hither in company of the Marquis of Montferrat ?	Don ’ t you not remember , lady , in your father 's time , a Venetian , a scholar and a soldier , that came here in the company of the Marquis of Montserrat ?
This were kindness .	That really would be kind .
I pray you , pardon me .	I ’ ll drink it if I like .
Come hither , herald . — Let the trumpet sound , — And read out this .	Come here , herald . — Let the trumpet sound ! — Read this out .
The one of them contains my picture , prince ; If you choose that , then I am yours withal .	One of them contains my picture , prince ; If you choose that , then I am yours as well .
I cannot hear of any that did see her .	I can ’ t find anyone who saw her leave .
What offense , sweet Beatrice ?	Why , what have you done , sweet Beatrice ?
My arm is sore .	My arm is sore .
And shall I couple hell ?	Shall I include hell as well ?
If every ducat in six thousand ducats Were in six parts , and every part a ducat , I would not draw them , — I would have my bond .	If every dollar in six thousand dollars Were in six parts , and every part a dollar , I would not take them ; I want my promise to pay .
Why , what make you here ?	What are you doing here ?
Here comes the noble Antony .	Here comes the noble Antony .
Well praised !	Very clever !
I am changed .	I ’ ve changed my mind about that .
A very ribbon in the cap of youth , Yet needful too ; for youth no less becomes The light and careless livery that it wears Than settled age his sables and his weeds , Importing health and graveness .	A very ribbon in the cap of youth , But necessary too , for youth doesn ’ t look less well in The fun and reckless clothes that it wears Than old age settles for his black furs and woolens , Showing health and seriousness .
Happily , amen !	I ’ m happy to say “ amen ” to that !
The skin is good for your broken coxcomb .	The skin is good for your cracked head .
Marry , your manhood , mew !	I sneeze on your manhood .
It is not nor it cannot come to good , But break , my heart , for I must hold my tongue .	That ’ s not good , and no good can come of it either .
I say , we will have no more marriages .	I say , we will have no more marriages .
Fa , sol , la , mi .	Fa , sol , la , mi .
He thinks he still is at his instrument .	He thinks he ’ s still playing his instrument .
Whither am I going ?	Where am I going ?
Father , in .	Father , go ahead .
And Duncan 's horses — a thing most strange and certain — Beauteous and swift , the minions of their race , Turn 'd wild in nature , broke their stalls , flung out , Contending ’ gainst obedience , as they would make War with mankind .	And Duncan 's horses , a thing most strange and certain , Beautiful and swift , the darlings of their race , Turned wild in nature , broke their stalls , flew out , Rebelling against obeying their masters , as if they would make War with mankind .
That ’ s most certain , and with you .	Yes , I ’ m sure he will — to stay with you .
Let the old ruffian know I have many other ways to die , meantime Laugh at his challenge .	Let the old ruffian discover that I have many other ways to die , and in the meantime , we ’ ll laugh at his challenge .
That they lack , for if their heads had any intellectual armor , they could never wear such heavy head-pieces .	If there were anything inside their heads , they could never wear such heavy helmets .
You sent me to the bay , sir , for a bark .	You sent me to the port to find a ship .
The ditty does remember my drowned father .	This song ’ s about my dead father .
Me thought I heard a voice cry “ Sleep no more !	I heard a voice cry , " Sleep no more !
And his kinsman too .	Yes , and his relative , too .
Well , I 'll set you forth .	Well , I 'll point you in the right direction .
Being so frustrate , tell him , he mocks The pauses that he makes .	His position is hopeless .
Faith , I have heard too much , for your words and per- formances are no kin together .	I ’ ve heard too much already , because your words and actions don ’ t agree with each other .
For , since the mortal and intestine jars ' Twixt thy seditious countrymen and us , It hath in solemn synods been decreed Both by the Syracusians and ourselves , To admit no traffic to our adverse towns .	Ever since these deadly conflicts erupted between your violent countrymen and ours , both you Syracusians and we Ephesians have held serious councils and decided not to permit any travel between our two hostile towns .
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Here comes a spirit of his , and to torment me For bringing wood in slowly , I 'll fall flat .	Here comes a spirit of his , to torment me For bringing in wood too slowly .
Look where it comes again !	Look it ’ s coming again !
All the infections that the sun sucks up From bogs , fens , flats , on Prosper fall , and make him By inch-meal disease !	All the diseases that the sun sucks up From bogs , swamps , flats , fall on Prospero and make him A disease inch by inch !
I pray you , sir , hold your hand .	Please , sir , restrain yourself .
Sir , I entreat you home with me to dinner .	Sir , I beg you to come home with me to dinner .
And her sister By her is poisoned .	And her sister ’ s dead too , poisoned by your wife .
Here ’ s that , I warrant you , will pay them all .	Yes .
Come , mistress Kate , I ’ ll bear you company .	Come , mistress Kate , I ’ ll join you .
I dare pawn down my life for him that he hath wrote this to feel my affection to your honor and to no other pretense of danger .	I ’ ll bet my life that he only wrote this letter to gauge my love for you , and for no other reason .
He does make our fire , Fetch in our wood , and serves in offices That profit us . — What , ho !	He builds our fires , gets our firewood , and does all kinds of useful things for us . — Hey !
If not , elsewhere they meet with charity .	And if they don ’ t find charity there , they find it someplace else .
Well , for your favor , sir , why , give God thanks , and make no boast of it , and for your writing and reading , let that appear when there is no need of such vanity .	Well , for your good looks , sir , thank God and don ’ t boast about it .
How smart a lash that speech doth give my conscience !	How hurting a lash that speech gives my conscience !
It ish give over .	It ’ s all stopped .
I dare abide no longer .	Heaven keep you safe !
The Count ’ s gentleman , one Cesario .	The count ’ s messenger , Cesario .
Faith , like enough .	Yes , that ’ s quite likely .
Revolving this will teach thee how to curse .	Think like this all day , and you ’ ll learn how to curse .
To take ’ t again perforce — Monster ingratitude !	I could take back my crown by force — What outrageous ingratitude !
It is a beast for Perseus .	He is an animal worthy of Perseus .
O villainy !	Oh , what evil !
Are you our daughter ?	Are you my daughter ?
He lays it on .	He really plays well .
Come , sit thee down upon this flowery bed , While I thy amiable cheeks do coy , And stick musk-roses in thy sleek smooth head , And kiss thy fair large ears , my gentle joy .	Come , sit down on this flowery bed , While I play with your amiable cheeks , And stick musk-roses in your sleek smooth head , And kiss your fair large ears , my gentle joy .
Having once this juice , I ’ ll watch Titania when she is asleep And drop the liquor of it in her eyes .	When I have the juice of that flower , I ’ ll trickle some drops of it on Titania ’ s eyes while she ’ s sleeping .
That courtesy would be uncleanly if courtiers were shepherds .	Now , if courtiers were shepherds , that kind of courtesy would be unclean .
Sweet Gertrude , leave us too ; For we have closely sent for Hamlet hither , That he , as ' twere by accident , may here Affront Ophelia .	Sweet Gertrude , leave us too , For we have secretly sent for Hamlet to come here , That here he may , as if by accident Meet Ophelia .
No more dams I 'll make for fish Nor fetch in firing At requiring , Nor scrape trenchering , nor wash dish ’ Ban , ’ Ban , Cacaliban Has a new master — get a new man !	I 'll make no more mothers for fish ; Or fetch in firing wood When asked to , Or scrape dishes , or wash dishes ; ' Ban ' Ban , Ca — Caliban , Has a new master — Get a new man .
Oh , my pardon !	Oh , forgive me !
I am bid forth to supper , Jessica .	I ’ ve been invited to supper , Jessica .
Time , thou anticipat ’ st my dread exploits .	Time , you thwart my dreadful plans .
He hath refused it in the open court .	No , he refused it publicly , in open court .
Where ’ s Monsieur Mustardseed ?	Where ’ s Monsieur Mustardseed ?
Meantime we thank you for your well-took labor .	Meanwhile , thank you for your efforts .
Happier than this — She is not bred so dull but she can learn .	I ’ m even happier that I ’ m not stupid , and I can learn .
But didst thou hear without wondering how thy name should be hanged and carved upon these trees ?	But did you listen to all that poetry without even wondering about what your name is doing on all these trees ?
The royal tree hath left us royal fruit , Which , mellowed by the stealing hours of time , Will well become the seat of majesty , And make , no doubt , us happy by his reign .	The royal tree has left us other fruit , which , with time , will do just fine on the throne and make us all happy as king , I ’ m sure .
Mark me .	Listen to this .
Live a little , comfort a little , cheer thyself a little .	Live a little , be comforted a little , cheer up a little .
You have some cause ; they have not .	But you didn ’ t , even though you had every reason .
Bring me no more reports .	Don ’ t bring me any more reports .
They in themselves , good-sooth , are too-too light .	They in themselves , to tell the truth , are as light as a flute .
There ’ s my cap .	There ’ s my hat !
I mean , to go , sir , to enter .	I mean please go into the house , sir .
The human mortals want their winter here ; No night is now with hymn or carol blest ; Therefore the moon , the governess of floods , Pale in her anger , washes all the air , That rheumatic diseases do abound .	The human mortals want their winter here ; Blessed hymns and carols are sung every night — The moon that controls the flow of the floods , Pale in her anger , washes all the air , But there are still many bad diseases .
Those that Macbeth hath slain .	Those guards that Macbeth has slain .
Oh , how mine eyes do loathe his visage now !	Oh , I hate looking at his face now !
Here .	Here .
You are both sure , and will assist me ?	You ’ ll both help me , right ?
I will chop her into messes .	I will chop her into pieces .
Go , go , you question with a wicked tongue .	Go , go , you answer me with wickedness .
I come to fetch you to the senate house .	I ’ ve come to take you to the senate house .
What , dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel , And soothe the devil that I warn thee from ?	What , you ignore my kind advice and try to please the devil I ’ m warning you about ?
If you have tears , prepare to shed them now .	If you have tears , prepare to shed them now .
My husband say that she was false !	My husband said that she was unfaithful !
But there where I have garnered up my heart , Where either I must live or bear no life , The fountain from the which my current runs Or else dries up — to be discarded thence !	be like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow from , has rejected me !
Ha !	Ha !
I have none .	I don ’ t have a lord .
Show me , show me .	Show me , show me .
I saw him not .	I didn ’ t see him .
Come , help to bear thy master .	Carry your master out .
Your daughter spent in Genoa , as I heard , one night , fourscore ducats !	Your daughter spent , as I heard , one night , in Genoa eighty dollars .
Do so .	Do so .
I have well approved it , sir .	I have well proven it , sir .
Or say , sweet love , what thou desirest to eat .	Or tell me , my sweet love , what you ’ d like to eat .
Not possible .	No , not a chance .
Doth he not deserve well ?	Doesn ’ t he deserve it ?
If I were bound to divine of this unity , I would not prophesy so .	If I were to make a prediction regarding this union , I wouldn ’ t say that .
Why , whither , Adam , wouldst thou have me go ?	Then where would you have me go , Adam ?
Good troth , you do me wrong , good sooth , you do , In such disdainful manner me to woo .	Good lord , you do me wrong — good lord , you do — To court me In such disdainful manner .
All the perfumes of Arabia will not sweeten this little hand .	All the perfumes of Arabia couldn ’ t make my little hand smell better .
Kind gentlemen , your pains Are registered where every day I turn The leaf to read them .	Kind gentlemen , I won ’ t forget the trouble you ’ ve taken for me whenever I think of this day .
Beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold .	Fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money .
No , my lord , I saw nothing .	No , my lord , I didn ’ t see anything .
Mistress , upon my life I tell you true .	Mistress , I swear on my life that it ’ s true .
Hath she made her affection known to Benedick ?	Has she told Benedick how she feels ?
Stay , Jaques , stay .	Stay , Jaques , stay here for a bit .
It nothing ill becomes thee . — Aboard my galley I invite you all .	I invite you all aboard my ship .
And buried , gentle Tyrrel ?	And buried , noble Tyrrel ?
The carriages , sir , are the hangers .	The carriages , sir , are the hangers — where the swords hang .
Are we turn 'd Turks , and to ourselves do that Which heaven hath forbid the Ottomites ?	Have we turned to Turks , and do to ourselves What Heaven has forbidden the Ottoman ?
Now all the blessings Of a glad father , compass thee about .	Receive all the blessings of a happy father .
This is some fellow , Who , having been praised for bluntness , doth affect A saucy roughness and constrains the garb Quite from his nature .	This is a guy who ’ s been praised for his honest bluntness , and who now insolently pretends to be plainspoken and twists the natural meanings of words .
I think I can discover him , if you please To get good guard , and go along with me .	I think I can find him , if you ’ d please Get a good guard , and go along with me .
My lord , I know not what the matter is , but to my judgment your highness is not entertained with that ceremonious affection as you were wont .	My lord , I don ’ t know what ’ s going on , but it seems to me that your highness isn ’ t being treated as politely as before .
I am ready .	I ’ m coming .
Where is Polonius ?	Where is Polonius ?
And so I shall catch the fly , your cousin , in the latter end and she must be blind too .	And even then , in order for me to catch the fly your cousin , she must be blind ?
Tend to the Master 's whistle !	Listen to the Captain 's whistle .
A friend .	A friend .
I see , sir , you are liberal in offers .	I see you like to make big offers , sir .
Yes , my conscience , He did us great good .	Yes , I truly think He did great good .
Seem they religious ?	Do they seem religious ?
When you take occasions to see leeks hereafter , I pray you , mock at ' em , that is all .	When you see leeks in the future , I hope you keep mocking them .
Is not thy master with him ?	Isn ’ t your master with him ?
And Hippolyta .	And Hippolyta .
Do you doubt that ?	Do you doubt that ?
What news , Borachio ?	What ’ s going on , Borachio ?
With what addition ?	With what addition ?
Iago is most honest .	Iago ’ s a good man .
If ever thou come to me and say , after tomorrow , “ This is my glove , ” by this hand I will take thee a box on the ear .	If you come to me after tomorrow and say , “ That ’ s my glove , ” I swear by this hand , I will take it and give you a box on the ear .
You need not fear , lady , the having any of these lords .	You don ’ t have to worry about any of these lords , my lady .
She hath spied him already with those sweet eyes .	Look , she ’ s spotted him with those sweet eyes of hers .
Good my lord , tell it .	Oh , please , tell us , sir .
Scornful Lysander !	Scornful Lysander !
Should you do so , my lord , My speech should fall into such vile success Which my thoughts aim not at .	Should you do so , my lord , My speech should fall into such vile things That my thoughts are not aimed at .
Your virtue is my privilege .	I trust your virtue as a man .
Give me my robe , for I will go .	Give me my robe , because I ’ m going .
Well , I would you did like me .	Well , I wish you liked me .
When I desire their leave that I might pity him , they took from me the use of mine own house , charged me on pain of their perpetual displeasure neither to speak of him , entreat for him , nor any way sustain him .	When asked the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall if I could take pity on the king and shelter him from the storm , they took my house away from me and ordered me never to talk about him , lobby for him , or support him in any way .
She ate no meat today , nor none shall eat .	She had no food today and will have none .
If thou beest as poor for a subject as he ’ s for a king , thou 'rt poor enough .	If you ’ re as poor a subject as he is a king , you definitely are poor .
If partially affined , or leagued in office , Thou dost deliver more or less than truth , Thou art no soldier .	If partially connected or together in office , You deliver more or less than truth , You are no soldier .
Is it sport ?	Is it sport ?
O good Iago , What shall I do to win my lord again ?	Alas , Iago , What shall I do to win my lord again ?
Tis a good hearing when children are toward .	It ’ s nice to see children playing well together .
Well , we shall see your bearing .	Well , we ’ ll see how you act .
Within our files there are , Of those that served Mark Antony but late , Enough to fetch him in .	Our army has recently acquired many of Mark Antony ’ s former soldiers — enough to capture him .
Alas the day !	Oh no !
But tell me Why you proceeded not against these feats So crimeful and so capital in nature , As by your safety , wisdom , all things else , You mainly were stirr 'd up .	but tell me Why didn ’ t you take action against these things , So full of crime and punishable by death , As you mainly were upset By concern for your safety , wisdom , if nothing else .
Sit , sir .	After you .
O Lord , my lord , if they were but a week married , they would talk themselves mad .	Oh , Lord , if they were married , they ’ d drive themselves crazy within a week .
Ho , Lucilius !	Oh , Lucilius !
O good sir , I do .	Oh , good sir , I am !
Nothing , Messala .	Nothing , Messala .
She will be pleased .	She will be pleased .
Now is it Rome indeed , and room enough , When there is in it but one only man .	Now , though , in all of Rome , there ’ s room for only one man .
Comes the King forth , I pray you ?	Is the king coming , I beg you ?
Bring me to the test , And I the matter will reword ; which madness Would gambol from .	Test me , And I will re-word the problem , which madness Would run away from .
Yes , truly , for look you , the sins of the father are to be laid upon the children .	Yes , look , it ’ s true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers .
Either there is a civil strife in heaven , Or else the world , too saucy with the gods , Incenses them to send destruction .	Either there are wars in heaven , or else the world , too insolent toward the gods , provokes them to send destruction .
He swore he would never marry , and yet now , in despite of his heart , he eats his meat without grudging .	He swore that he ’ d never get married , but now , despite his earlier protestations , he loves ungrudgingly .
If I could add a lie unto a fault I would deny it .	If I could make things better by lying , I ’ d deny it .
Am not I Hermia ?	Aren ’ t I Hermia ?
Will you come to bed , my lord ?	Will you come to bed , my lord ?
Lord , what fools these mortals be !	Lord , what fools these mortals are !
Speak , I ’ ll go no further .	Speak .
Damned fact !	Damned fact !
I may say “ thrusting ” it , For piercing steel and darts envenomed Shall be as welcome to the ears of Brutus As tidings of this sight .	I may say , thrusting it , Because piercing steel and poison darts Shall be as welcome to the ears of Brutus As the news of this sight .
Where is gentle Rivers , Vaughan , Grey ?	Where are the noble Hastings , Rivers , Vaughan , Grey ?
Come , come , do you think I do not know you by your excellent wit ?	Come on , do you think I can ’ t recognize you by your excellent wit ?
No jewel is like Rosalind .	There is no jewel like Rosalind .
Near Birnam Wood Shall we well meet them ; that way are they coming .	We ’ ll meet them near Birnam wood They are coming that way .
I say , we will have no more marriages .	I hereby declare we will have no more marriage .
Never come such division ' tween our souls !	Never let such disagreements come between our souls !
They clepe us drunkards and with swinish phrase Soil our addition .	They call us drunks and insult our noble titles .
Question it , Horatio .	Ask it something , Horatio .
These are portents , but yet I hope , I hope They do not point on me .	These are bad omens , but I hope , I hope , they don ’ t predict my future .
Come the next sabbath , and I will content you .	By next week , I ’ ll be able to pay you .
O , full of danger is the duke of Gloucester , And the queen ’ s sons and brothers haught and proud , And were they to be ruled , and not to rule , This sickly land might solace as before .	Richard , the duke of Gloucester , is very dangerous , and the queen ’ s sons and brothers are haughty and proud — it would be better for this ailing country if they were subjects , not rulers .
This only is the witchcraft I have used .	That ’ s the only witchcraft I ever used .
Though to have her and death were both one thing .	Even if marrying her meant I died .
I ’ ll have grounds More relative than this .	I need better evidence than the ghost to work with .
Was that done like Cassius ?	Was that rejection done like Cassius ?
On the sixth hour ; at which time , my lord , You said our work should cease .	Six o ’ clock , at which time , my lord , You said our work should end .
God ’ s peace , I would not lose so great an honor As one man more , methinks , would share from me , For the best hope I have .	By God , I wouldn ’ t lose as much honor as a single man more would cost me , I think — not even if it meant giving up my best hope for victory .
But what though ?	Well , God bless this marriage !
Out upon her !	Damn her !
Why ?	Why ?
Is that his answer ?	Is that his answer ?
Nay , let me praise you , while I have a stomach .	No , let me praise you while I want to .
Then shall the sighs of Octavia blow the fire up in Caesar , and , as I said before , that which is the strength of their amity shall prove the immediate author of their variance .	Then Octavia ’ s complaints will rouse Caesar , and as I said before , the thing that brought them together will part them .
Here he comes with your niece .	Here comes the messenger with your niece .
Wert thou not banishèd on pain of death ?	Weren ’ t you banished on pain of death ?
I pray you , one of you question yond man , if he for gold will give us any food .	Please , one of you go ask that man over there if we can buy some food off him .
And what should I do in Illyria ?	And what am I supposed to do in Illyria ?
Come on , assay .	I ’ m critical by nature .
But I will wed thee in another key , With pomp , with triumph , and with reveling .	But I ’ ll marry you under different circumstances — with extravagant festivals , public festivities , and celebration .
O sinful thought !	Oh , what a sinful thought !
And come with naked swords .	And they ’ ve got their swords unsheathed !
To tell you where he lodges is to tell you where I lie .	Telling you where he ’ s sleeping is like telling you where I ’ m lying .
And the Queen too , and that presently .	And the queen too , and they should be here presently .
Is all things ready for the royal time ?	Is everything ready for that event ?
And so have I addressed me .	Okay , I ’ m ready .
The competitors enter .	Here come the conspirators .
Marry , our play is , The Most Lamentable Comedy and Most Cruel Death of Pyramus and Thisbe .	By Mary , our play is — The most lamentable comedy and most cruel death of Pyramus and Thisbe .
Would ’ t had been done !	I wish I had !
Ay , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
The dearest ring in Venice will I give you , And find it out by proclamation ; Only for this I pray you pardon me .	I will give you the most expensive in Venice , And find out where it is by proclamation : Only for this ring , please , excuse me .
Thou know ’ st not me .	You don ’ t know me .
Hence !	Away !
That do I long to hear .	I want very much to find out .
Macbeth ! — Had I three ears , I ’ d hear thee .	If I had three ears I ’ d listen with all three .
I will leave him .	I ’ ll leave him alone .
The taper burneth in your closet , sir .	The candle is burning in your study , sir .
O , well done !	O , well done !
Yea , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Or of a courtier , which could say ' Good morrow , sweet lord !	Or of a courtier , which could say ' Good morrow , sweet lord !
When they do choose , They have the wisdom by their wit to lose .	When they choose , they only know how to lose .
What dost thou know me for ?	Who am I then ?
Art thou indeed ?	Are you indeed ?
We will have no telling .	There will be no lecture .
Then , to answer every man directly and briefly , wisely and truly — wisely I say , I am a bachelor .	Then , to answer every man briefly , wisely , and truthfully — wisely I say , I am a bachelor .
How many times shall Caesar bleed in sport , That now on Pompey ’ s basis lies along No worthier than the dust !	How many times will Caesar bleed again in show , though he now lies at the base of Pompey ’ s statue , as worthless as dust !
If thou art she , tell me where is that son That floated with thee on the fatal raft ?	If it ’ s really you , tell me what happened to our son , who floated away with you on that deadly raft .
Remember our reward when the deed ’ s done .	Remember the reward we ’ re getting when the deed ’ s done .
For I will make him tell the tale anew Where , how , how oft , how long ago , and when He hath , and is again to cope your wife .	I ’ ll make him tell me the whole story again — where , how often , how long ago — and when he plans to sleep with your wife in the future .
I make all use of it , for I use it only .	I use it all the time , since it ’ s all that I have .
Therefore you must needs play Pyramus .	So you ’ re the only one who could play Pyramus .
Ay , that way goes the game .	OK , so that ’ s the way the game goes .
Only to despite them , I will endeavor anything .	That ’ s all I want , and I ’ ll do anything to accomplish it .
Remember what I have said .	Remember what I ’ ve told you .
By Hercules , I think I am i ’ th ’ right .	By Hercules , I think I ’ m right .
For certainly thou art so near the gulf Thou needs must be englutted .	For assuredly , you are so near the abyss that you ’ re bound to be swallowed up .
Fetch me an iron crow .	Get going already .
So they do nothing , ’ tis a venial slip .	As long as they didn ’ t do anything , it would only be a minor sin .
She will not .	She will not .
But have I not cause to weep ?	But don ’ t I have good reason to cry ?
In his lawless fit , Behind the arras hearing something stir , Whips out his rapier , cries ' A rat , a rat !	In his wild fit , Hearing something stir behind the curtain , He whips out his knife , cries ' A rat , a rat !
How many fond fools serve mad jealousy !	How many infatuated people go mad with jealousy !
Here , my lord .	I ’ m here , my lord .
Caesar did write for him to come to Rome .	Caesar wrote for him to come to Rome .
I do serve you in this business .	I ’ ll help you through this business .
Wondrous heavy .	Amazingly sleepy !
How every fool can play upon the word !	How every fool can play on the word !
He did , from first to last .	He did , from first to last .
Feed him with apricoks and dewberries , With purple grapes , green figs , and mulberries .	Feed him apricots and blackberries , with purple grapes , green figs , and mulberries .
Confess , and love , Had been the very sum of my confession : O happy torment , when my torturer Doth teach me answers for deliverance !	Confess ” and “ love ” Have been the very sum of my confession : Oh , happy torment , when my torturer Teaches me answers for escape from evil !
Rumble thy bellyful !	Let thunder rumble !
I am their father ’ s mother .	I am their father ’ s mother .
Come one more ; Two of both kinds makes up four .	Come on , one more ; Two boys and two girls makes up four .
I am very comptible , even to the least sinister usage .	I ’ m very sensitive , and even the smallest bit of rudeness hurts my feelings .
Thou dost belie her , and thou art a devil .	You slander her , you devil .
And now who knows But you , Lorenzo , whether I am yours ?	And now who but you knows whether I ’ m yours ?
Woo ’ t fight ?	Fight ?
Banquo and Macbeth , all hail !	Banquo and Macbeth , all hail !
What time ?	what time ?
His company must do his minions grace , Whilst I at home starve for a merry look .	He feels the need to grace all his other tramps with his presence while I sit at home starving for a smile from him .
Because they are not eight ?	Because it doesn ’ t have eight ?
Why do you speak so startingly and rash ?	Why are you yelling at me so angrily ?
Could my good brother suffer you to do it — A man , a prince by him so benefited ?	Could my good brother-in-law — a man to whom the
Being done , there is no pause .	Being done , there is no pause .
Be kind and courteous to this gentleman .	Be kind and polite to this gentleman .
Before the eyes of both our armies here , Which should perceive nothing but love from us , Let us not wrangle .	Let ’ s not argue here in front of both our armies , which ought to see nothing but love between us .
A likely piece of work , that you should find it in your chamber , and not know who left it there !	That was a likely story , that you found it in your room and didn ’ t know who it belonged to .
I will do so .	I ’ ll do so .
Why of thy thought , Iago ?	Why are you curious , Iago ?
Decius , well urged .	Good point , Decius .
O all you host of heaven !	O all you host of heaven !
What would you undertake To show yourself your father 's son in deed More than in words ?	What would you do To show yourself your father 's son in deed More than in words ?
Night hangs upon mine eyes .	I can ’ t see ahead of me .
Through the house give glimmering light , By the dead and drowsy fire ; Every elf and fairy sprite Hop as light as bird from brier ; And this ditty , after me , Sing and dance it trippingly .	As you go through the house , use the dead and drowsy fire to give glimmering light , Every elf and fairy spirit Hop as lightly as bird hops from a thorn : And sing this little song , following me , And dance it as you sing it .
Tis destiny unshunnable , like death .	It ’ s our destiny , like death .
He knows not yet of his honorable fortune .	He doesn ’ t know he ’ s been appointed governor yet .
We being strangers here , how dar ’ st thou trust So great a charge from thine own custody ?	We ’ re strangers here .
O Cassius , you are yoked with a lamb , That carries anger as the flint bears fire , Who , much enforced , shows a hasty spark And straight is cold again .	O Cassius , you ’ re connected to a lamb That carries anger as a match makes fire , Who , very irritated , shows a hasty spark , And right away is cold again .
Besides , our hands are hard .	Besides , our hands are hard and calloused .
Say again , where didst thou leave these varlets ?	Tell me again , where did you leave those lowlifes ?
Therefore speak softly .	So be quiet .
Are you acquainted with the difference That holds this present question in the court ?	Are you acquainted with the difference of opinion That is the present question before the court ?
Ay , to the proof , as mountains are for winds , That shakes not , though they blow perpetually .	Mountains don ’ t tremble , however much the wind may blow !
When he stands where I am and sees you there .	When he stands where I am and sees you there .
I hoped there was no need to trouble himself with any such thoughts yet .	Oh , no , he ’ s surely not in hell .
But you , O you , So perfect and so peerless , are created Of every creature 's best !	So perfect and so peerless , are created Out of every creature 's best virtues .
For women are as roses , whose fair flower Being once displayed , doth fall that very hour .	Women are like roses : the moment their beauty is in full bloom , it ’ s about to decay .
A gentleman ?	A gentleman ?
Are my deserts no better ?	Don ’ t I deserve more than this ?
What is the course and drift of your compact ?	What kind of scheme do you have going together ?
Get thee gone , but do it .	Go , but sign the deed .
What was he that you followed with your sword ?	Who were you following with your sword ?
Yet this I will not do , do how I can .	This is all that ’ s left for me to do , but I won ’ t do it .
I ’ ll not be far from you .	I ’ ll be nearby .
Come .	Come on .
Oh , heavy ignorance !	You don ’ t know a thing !
Why , your lieutenant , Cassio .	Your lieutenant , Cassio .
Pray you , let ’ s have no more fooling about it , but give me your blessing .	Give me your blessing .
Why , Am I not i ' th ' right , old Jephthah ?	Well , Aren ’ t I right , Jephthah , old man ?
Comes his army on ?	Is his army coming ?
Obey thy parents , keep thy word ’ s justice , swear not , commit not with man ’ s sworn spouse , set not thy sweet heart on proud array .	Obey your parents , keep your word , don ’ t swear , don ’ t sleep with another man ’ s wife , and don ’ t covet flashy clothes .
What art thou ?	But who are you ?
Three thousand ducats for three months , and Antonio bound .	Three thousand ducats for three months , and Antonio will guarantee it .
Is this true , Nerissa ?	Is this true , Nerissa ?
Belong you to the Lady Olivia , friends ?	My friends , are you all Lady Olivia ’ s servants ?
If it assume my noble father 's person , I 'll speak to it , though hell itself should gape And bid me hold my peace .	If it takes on my noble father 's appearance , I ’ ll speak to it , though hell itself should open wide And order me to be silent .
A good note , that keeps you from the blow of the law .	That ’ s a good thing to put in — it keeps you from getting in trouble with the law .
She is thine own . — What , Ariel !	She ’ s yours . — Come , Ariel !
I have fair meanings , sir .	I mean well , sir .
Thy master is a wise and valiant Roman ; I never thought him worse .	Your master is a wise and valiant Roman ; I always thought so .
If more , the more thou ’ st wronged me .	If I ’ m more noble than you , you ’ ve done me wrong .
And I am Brutus , Marcus Brutus , I !	And I am Brutus , Marcus Brutus .
Flat burglary as ever was committed .	That ’ s burglary , that is .
I warrant you , sir , The white cold virgin snow upon my heart Abates the ardor of my liver .	I assure you , sir , the tender love I feel in my heart is stronger than the sexual passions stirring down below .
Thanks for that .	Thanks for that .
did he take interest ?	Did he charge interest ?
Free from the bondage you are in , Messala .	Free from the bondage you are in , Messala .
He , for his father ’ s sake , so loves the prince That he will not be won to aught against him .	Hastings loved the prince ’ s father so much that we won ’ t be able to persuade him to do anything against the prince .
Madam , O good Empress !	Madam , oh , good Empress !
To a nunnery , go .	To a convent , go .
The cry is still “ They come ! ” Our castle ’ s strength Will laugh a siege to scorn .	Everyone keeps yelling , “ Here they come ! ” Our castle is strong enough to laugh off their seige .
What will you do ?	What will you do ?
Give me your hand .	Give me your hand .
Rather your eyes must with his judgment look .	No , you must see them as your father sees them .
I 'll fight , ’ til from my bones my flesh be hack 'd .	I 'll fight until my flesh is hacked from my bones .
Light , I say , light !	Give me some light !
I hear it now above me .	I hear it now overhead .
Why , what an ass am I !	Why , what an ass I am !
God give him joy !	Well , good for him !
Here lies the water — good .	Here lies the water , good .
He leads himself .	He won ’ t listen to anyone ’ s advice .
Will his vouchers vouch him no more of his purchases , and double ones too , than the length and breadth of a pair of indentures ?	Will his billing bill him no more for his purchases , and double ones too , than the length and breadth of a pair of property liens ?
I ’ ll bring thee word Straight how ’ tis like to go .	I ’ ll let you know right away how it ’ s going .
When I am alone , why then I am Tranio ; But in all places else , your master Lucentio .	When we ’ re by ourselves you can call me “ Tranio . ” Everywhere else , address me as your master Lucentio .
So , with two seeming bodies but one heart , Two of the first , like coats in heraldry , Due but to one and crownèd with one crest .	We seemed to have two separate bodies , but we had one heart .
They were suborned .	They were paid to betray their master .
There 's a daisy .	There 's a daisy .
Spake you not these words plain : “ Sirrah , knock me here , rap me here , knock me well , and knock me soundly ” ?	Didn ’ t you clearly say “ Knock , ” “ pound , ” and “ put your fists to work ” ?
Yet words do well When he that speaks them pleases those that hear .	And yet , words are a good thing when the man speaking them is pleasant to listen to .
Be it so .	So be it .
A Cornish name .	That ’ s a Cornish name .
Mad for thy love ?	Crazy for your love ?
Ay , ’ twas he that told me on her first .	Yes , he ’ s the one who first told me about her .
I swear by that which I will lose for thee To prove him false that says I love thee not .	I ’ ll give my life for you , just to prove this guy wrong when he says I don ’ t love you .
Go seek him there .	Go find him there .
I would it might prove the end of his losses !	I wish it might prove the end of his losses .
My noble girls !	My gallant girls !
Not I.	Not me .
Stay , you imperfect speakers , tell me more .	Wait , you incomplete speakers , tell me more .
Of one whose hand , Like the base Indian , threw a pearl away Richer than all his tribe .	If you ’ re being fair , you ’ ll have to describe me as someone who loved too much , but who wasn ’ t wise about it .
Begin these woodbirds but to couple now ?	Are you lovebirds only starting to pair up now ?
Oh , but she ’ ll keep her word .	Oh , but she ’ ll keep her word .
Your ear is good .	Your ear is good .
What should the wars do with these jigging fools ?	What should we do with all these rhyming fools that follow us from post to post ?
I pray thee , moralize them .	Please , educate me .
He shall not live ; look , with a spot I damn him .	He shall not live ; look , I condemn him with a check .
Lay her i ' the earth ; And from her fair and unpolluted flesh May violets spring !	Lay her in the earth , And may violets spring from her fair And unpolluted flesh !
To the Elephant .	We ’ ll meet at the Elephant .
See , see , here comes the man we went to seek .	Look , here comes just the man we were looking for .
I talked with no man at that hour , my lord .	I wasn ’ t talking to any man at that time , my lord .
Our will is Antony be took alive .	We want Antony taken alive .
Notwithstanding , use your pleasure .	In any case , do what you want .
How is ’ t with you ?	How are you ?
But stay , O spite !	But stay ; — Oh spite !
I should not then ask Casca what had chanced .	If I were , I wouldn ’ t need to ask you what happened .
He has a little galled me , I confess .	He ’ s made me a little sore , I ’ ll admit .
Alas , what ignorant sin have I committed ?	Alas , what ignorant sin have I committed ?
Add thereto a tiger 's chaudron , For the ingredients of our cauldron .	Also add a tiger 's guts , For the ingredients of our caldron .
These injuries the king now bears will be revenged home .	The humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly .
I will dispatch it straight .	I ’ ll do it right away .
I 'll get me to a place more void and there Speak to great Caesar as he comes along .	I 'll get me to a place with more space , and there Speak to great Caesar as he comes along .
Do you mark that , my lord ?	Did you hear that ?
For then I ’ ll marry Warwick ’ s youngest daughter .	I ’ ll marry the earl of Warwick ’ s youngest daughter , Lady Anne .
What said he ?	What did he say ?
I 'll follow it .	I ’ ll follow it .
Tell her I am arrested in the street , And that shall bail me .	Tell her that I ’ ve been arrested and the money will be my bail .
Purpose is but the slave to memory , Of violent birth , but poor validity ; Which now , like fruit unripe , sticks on the tree , But fall unshaken when they mellow be .	Promises are only good when you remember them , Born of violence but poor truth , Which now , like unripe fruit , stays on the tree , But fall without shaking them off when they are ripe .
They sit conferring by the parlor fire .	They sit chatting by the parlor fire .
I do I know not what and fear to find Mine eye too great a flatterer for my mind .	I don ’ t know what I ’ m doing .
Pray ye , go .	Please go .
Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn and cauldron bubble .	Double , double toil and trouble , Fire burn and cauldron bubble .
Where are his eyes ?	Where are his eyes ?
Marry , God forbid !	God forbid !
How low am I , thou painted maypole ?	So how short am I , you painted barber pole ?
Tis certain .	That ’ s for sure .
It would be spoke to .	It wants to be spoken to .
For I am Trinculo — be not afeard — thy good friend Trinculo .	I ’ m Trinculo — don ’ t be scared — your good friend Trinculo .
I speak not like a dotard nor a fool , As under privilege of age to brag What I have done being young , or what would do Were I not old .	I ’ m not a doddering old fool who brags about the things he did when he was young , and what he would do now if he weren ’ t so old .
Sure , her offense Must be of such unnatural degree That monsters it ( or your fore-vouched affection Fall into taint ) , which to believe of her Must be a faith that reason without miracle Could never plant in me .	But it ’ d take a miracle to make me believe she could do anything that horrible .
Come , my Queen , take hands with me , And rock the ground whereon these sleepers be .	Come , my queen , hold hands with me , And rock the ground where these sleepers are .
I ’ ll not have it so .	I won ’ t allow it .
And from henceforth When you are over-earnest with your Brutus , He ’ ll think your mother chides and leave you so .	And from now on , when you get hot with me , I ’ ll assume it ’ s your mother speaking and leave it at that .
Why , what i ' devil ’ s name , tailor , call ’ st thou this ?	What in the world do you call this , tailor !
Pray you , no more of this .	All right , stop this .
Ay , more .	Yes , more .
Be by , good madam , when we do awake him .	Stay close by when we wake him up , ma 'am .
Then thus : Baptista is safe , talking with the deceiving father of a deceitful son .	He ’ s talking with the bogus father about the bogus son .
He is ready at the door .	He ’ s standing ready outside the door .
What was the second noise for ?	What was the second noise for ?
Follow me .	Follow me .
O Conspiracy , Shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night , When evils are most free ?	They ’ re the rebels . — O conspiracy , Shame on you for showing your dangerous eyes by night When evils are most free ?
Call it my fear That keeps you in the house , and not your own .	Say that it ’ s my fear that keeps you inside and not your own .
There ’ s a great abatement of kindness appears as well in the general dependants as in the duke himself also , and your daughter .	The servants , the duke , and your daughter all seem to be treating you less kindly .
Thrice the brinded cat hath mew 'd .	The cat with the streaked fur has meowed three times .
But jealous souls will not be answer 'd so ; They are not ever jealous for the cause , But jealous for they are jealous .	But jealous souls will not be answered that way ; They are not ever jealous for a reason , But jealous because they are jealous .
The English power is near , led on by Malcolm , His uncle Siward and the good Macduff .	The English army is near , led by Malcolm , his uncle Siward , and the good Macduff .
Even he , sir .	Even he , sir .
What , and my old Venetian friend , Salerio ?	What , and my old Venetian friend , Salanio !
I love not to see wretchedness o 'er-charged , And duty in his service perishing .	I don ’ t like to see misery over-played , And duty dying in his service .
I know thee not .	I don ’ t even know you .
I do not now fool myself , to let imagination jade me , for every reason excites to this , that my lady loves me .	I know I ’ m not fooling myself , or letting myself get carried away by my imagination , because every clue points to the fact that Lady Olivia loves me .
Please you , sir , Do not omit the heavy offer of it .	Come to think of it , I am feeling sleepy .
I ’ ll put a girdle round about the Earth In forty minutes .	I could go around the world in forty minutes .
What 's he That was not born of woman ?	Who is he That was not born of woman ?
Thou know ’ st ’ tis common .	Please just listen .
I never did like molestation view On the enchafèd flood .	I ’ ve never seen the waters so disturbed .
You are but now cast in his mood , a punishment more in policy than in malice ; even so as one would beat his offenseless dog to affright an imperious lion .	You are now only fallen in his mood , a punishment more in policy than in malice ; even as some one would beat his defenseless dog to scare an imperious lion .
Hence , get thee gone , and follow me no more .	Listen , get going and , once and for all , stop following me !
Here 's Decius Brutus , he shall tell them so .	Here 's Decius Brutus , he shall tell them so .
Why , no , sir .	Why , no , sir .
Gracious my lord , I should report that which I say I saw , But know not how to do it .	Gracious my lord , I would report what I say I saw , Only I don ’ t know how to do it .
There .	Here .
They are pitiful .	They are full of pity for Caesar .
Judge , O you gods , how dearly Caesar loved him !	The gods know how dearly Caesar loved him !
O Kate , content thee .	Calm down , Kate .
Go back again , thou slave , and fetch him home .	Go back again , slave , and bring him home .
Is he not light of brain ?	Is he losing his mind ?
I would he knew that I had saved his brother .	I wish you could tell him I saved his brother .
Here .	Here .
I am not taught to make anything .	I ’ ve never been taught how to make anything .
Let me still take away the harms I fear , Not fear still to be taken .	It ’ s always better to get rid of what you ’ re scared of than to be afraid .
I shall take it , sir .	I ’ ll join you , sir .
He hath , my lord , of late made many tenders Of his affection to me .	He ’ s offered me a lot of affection lately .
It is not words that shakes me thus .	It is not words that shake me like this .
My mother had a maid call 'd Barbara ; She was in love , and he she loved proved mad And did forsake her .	My mother had a maid called Barbara ; She was in love ; and the man she loved went crazy And left her .
What is ’ t you say ?	What do you mean ?
You wronged yourself to write in such a case .	You wronged yourself to write on behalf of such a man .
But a harsh hearing when women are froward .	But not so nice when women misbehave .
I ’ ll give ’ t him .	I ’ ll give it to him .
In my chamber window lies a book .	In my bedroom window there is a book .
Repair thy wit , good youth , or it will fall To cureless ruin .	Be quiet , boy , or you ’ ll lose your mind .
My old friend Grumio and my good friend Petruchio ?	If it isn ’ t my old friend Grumio — and my dear friend Petruchio !
Y ' have ungently , Brutus , Stole from my bed .	You rudely snuck out of bed .
At five o 'clock I shall receive the money for the same .	At five o 'clock he ’ s going to pay me for it .
Is the duke of Exeter safe ?	Is the duke of Exeter safe ?
Tremblingly she stood And on the sudden dropped .	She stood trembling , then suddenly dropped dead .
Alas , he is too young .	Alas , he is too young .
Why are you silent ?	Why are you silent ?
It shall be done , my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Pyramus draws near the wall ; silence .	Pyramus draws near the wall ; silence .
Come on .	Let ’ s go .
I am very glad of it .	I ’ m very glad about that .
Nor anyone .	None of us .
You heard her say herself it was not I.	You heard her say it wasn ’ t me .
She has robbed me of my sword .	She has disarmed me .
I long to hear him call the drunkard “ husband , ” And how my men will stay themselves from laughter When they do homage to this simple peasant .	I can ’ t wait to hear him call the drunkard “ husband , ” and to watch my men smother their laughter as they pay their respects to this simple peasant .
What , wilt thou hear some music , my sweet love ?	Would you like to hear some music , my sweet love ?
O time ’ s extremity , Hast thou so crack ’ d and splitted my poor tongue In seven short years that here my only son Knows not my feeble key of untuned cares ?	Have you mangled my tongue so badly in these seven short years that my only son can no longer recognize my weak , sorrow-ravaged voice ?
So you may put a man in your belly .	So you want to put a man in your belly .
There ’ s husbandry in heaven ; Their candles are all out .	The heavens are being stingy with their light .
There is a fair behavior in thee , captain , And though that nature with a beauteous wall Doth oft close in pollution , yet of thee I will believe thou hast a mind that suits With this thy fair and outward character .	You seem to be a good person , captain , and although people who look beautiful are often corrupt inside , I believe that you have a beautiful mind to go with your good looks and manners .
All comfort that the dark night can afford Be to thy person , noble father-in-law .	I wish you all the comfort that such a dark night as this can offer , noble father-in-law .
Good Volumnius , Thou know ’ st that we two went to school together .	Good Volumnius , you know that we went to school together .
Or to be naked with her friend in bed An hour or more , not meaning any harm ?	Maybe she was just naked in bed with him for an hour or so , but they didn ’ t do anything .
What ?	What ?
My most dear Gloucester !	My dear Gloucester !
Has this fellow no feeling of his business ?	Exactly .
What , all my pretty chickens and their dam At one fell swoop ?	What , all my pretty chickens and their mother At one fell swoop ?
Stay , though thou kill me , sweet Demetrius .	Stay , though you kill me , sweet Demetrius .
But I perceive in you so excellent a touch of modesty that you will not extort from me what I am willing to keep in .	But I know you ’ d never force me to tell you things I don ’ t want to , so I should be polite and tell you what I can .
Why , what else ?	What else ?
Eros , thou yet behold ’ st me ?	Eros , can you still see me ?
Peace , who comes here ?	Quiet , who ’ s coming here ?
I think it is .	I think they do .
In faith , she ’ s too curst .	Honestly , she is too ill-tempered .
Call him in .	Call him in .
So did I too , and he swore he would marry her tonight .	I did too , and he also swore he would marry her tonight .
Pluck but his name out of his heart and turn him going .	Pull only his name out of his heart and let him go .
I will piece out the comfort with what addition I can .	I ’ ll do what I can to make you even more comfortable .
Lend thy hand , And pluck my magic garment from me . — So : &bra; Lays down his cloak &ket; &bra; Lays down his cloak &ket; Lie there , my art . — Wipe thou thine eyes ; have comfort .	Give me your hand , And take my magic cloak from me . — So : Lie there my magic . — Wipe your eyes ; have comfort .
Not this hour , lieutenant ; ' tis not yet ten o ' the clock .	Not this hour , lieutenant ; it is not yet ten of the clock .
Break not your sleeps for that .	Don ’ t lose any sleep over it .
Will you have me , lady ?	Will you take me , my lady ?
I will debate this matter at more leisure And teach your ears to list me with more heed .	I ’ ll debate this with you later , and then I ’ ll teach you to listen more carefully .
I do not in position Distinctly speak of her ; though I may fear , Her will , recoiling to her better judgement , May fall to match you with her country forms , And happily repent .	I don ’ t have the position To speak knowingly of her ; although I may fear , Her will , rebelling against her better judgment , May decide to match you with her countrymen , And happily repent her ways .
Messala , This is my birthday , as this very day Was Cassius born .	Messala , This is my birthday ; Cassius was born On this very day .
They shout for joy .	They shout for joy .
Come , temperate nymphs , and help to celebrate A contract of true love .	Come , sweet nymphs , and help us celebrate the wedding of two true lovers .
Therefore I took your hands , but was indeed Sway 'd from the point by looking down on Caesar .	I shook your hands for that reason ; but I was really Distracted from the point by looking down on Caesar .
Alack , sir , he is mad .	But sir , he ’ s crazy .
It did always seem so to us .	We used to think so too .
I shall be reconciled to him again .	He and I will make up .
If it please you .	If you wish .
See , doth he breathe ?	Check and see if he ’ s breathing .
I do not think it good .	I don ’ t think it ’ s a good idea .
Youth to itself rebels , though none else near .	Young people often lose their self-control even without any help from others .
How does my old acquaintance of this isle ? — Honey , you shall be well desired in Cyprus , I have found great love amongst them .	How are my old friends from this island doing ? — Honey , they ’ ll love you here in Cyprus .
Where ’ s thy drum ?	Coward !
I have 't .	I have it !
Lead me .	Lead the way .
Or what are you ?	What ’ s wrong with you ?
Is he come ?	Is he here ?
Tis his own blame .	It ’ s his fault that he ’ s all worked up like this .
If these be true spies which I wear in my head , here 's a goodly sight .	If these are true eyes in my head , here 's a goodly sight .
Thy luster thickens When he shines by .	Your light dulls when he is near .
And , as I am an honest Puck , If we have unearnèd luck Now to ’ scape the serpent ’ s tongue , We will make amends ere long .	I ’ m an honest Puck , and I swear that if we ’ re lucky enough not to get hissed at , we ’ ll make it up to you soon .
Thy husband knew it all .	Your husband knew it all .
It must appear in other ways than words , Therefore I scant this breathing courtesy .	But action speaks louder than words , so I ’ ll cut short these polite words .
Yes , Captain , but with this acknowledgement : That God fought for us .	Yes , Captain , but with this acknowledgement — that God fought for us .
The worser that you give me the addition Whose want even kills me .	The worse that you give me the additional information Whose lack of information even kills me .
Thou didst smile Infusèd with a fortitude from heaven , When I have decked the sea with drops full salt , Under my burthen groaned ; which raised in me An undergoing stomach to bear up Against what should ensue .	You smiled with a strength you must have gotten from heaven , while I cried salty tears into the salty sea , and groaned at our situation .
You cataracts and hurricanoes , spout Till you have drenched our steeples , drowned the cocks !	Let tornadoes spew water until the steeples of our churches and the weathervanes are all drowned .
I.	I did .
Come , away !	Call the priest .
Shall I say to Caesar What you require of him ?	Shall I tell Caesar what you request from him ?
Not sick , my lord , unless it be in mind ; Nor well , unless in mind : his letter there Will show you his estate .	He ’ s not sick , my lord , unless it ’ s in his mind ; But he ’ s not well , unless in his mind ; his letter there Will show you his state of affairs .
To what base uses we may return , Horatio !	What common uses we may return to , Horatio !
I think , i 'faith , she loves me .	I think , in faith , she loves me .
Thou hast .	You have .
God be wi ' you .	God be with you .
Oh , it came o 'er my ear like the sweet sound , That breathes upon a bank of violets , Stealing and giving odor .	Oh , it sounded like a sweet breeze blowing gently over a bank of violets , taking their scent with it .
Never make denial .	Don ’ t even think about refusing .
But till I come again , No bed shall e 'er be guilty of my stay , No rest be interposer ’ twixt us twain .	But I won ’ t sleep till I get back .
Welcome .	Welcome .
Would you had never seen him !	I wish you ’ d never met him .
Were the world mine , Demetrius being bated , The rest I 'd give to be to you translated .	If the world were mine , and Demetrius mine , I would give everything else to you to be changed anyway you want .
Ay , good my lord .	Yes , my lord .
Why did you bring these daggers from the place ?	Why did you bring these daggers from the room ?
Is there more toil ?	Is there more work ?
I am sent before to make a fire , and they are coming after to warm them .	I have been sent on ahead to light a fire , and they are coming after to warm themselves .
Oh , she was heavenly true !	She was utterly true to you !
Well , we will leave you then till dinner-time .	OK , we ’ ll leave you then until dinnertime .
Then , Brutus , I have much mistook your passion , By means whereof this breast of mine hath buried Thoughts of great value , worthy cogitations .	Then , Brutus , I have really misunderstood your passions , Which is why this my heart has forgotten Thoughts of great value , worthy thoughts .
Go to , you ’ re a dry fool .	Oh , go away , you ’ re a boring fool .
If she be black , and thereto have a wit , She 'll find a white that shall her blackness fit .	If she is black and also has a wit , She 'll find a white that will her blackness fit .
Let me go .	Let me go .
So hangs and lolls and weeps upon me ; so hales and pulls me .	So hangs , and lolls , and weeps on me ; so hales and pulls me .
And what ’ s the news , good cousin Lodovico ?	What ’ s new , cousin Lodovico ?
Ourself will mingle with society And play the humble host .	I will walk around and mingle with all of you , playing the humble host .
Along with them They brought one Pinch , a hungry , lean-faced villain , A mere anatomy , a mountebank , A threadbare juggler , and a fortune-teller , A needy , hollow-eyed , sharp-looking wretch , A living dead man .	One of them was a man named Pinch : a hungry , narrow-faced villain ; a skeleton ; a fraud ; a raggedy magician and fortune-teller ; a needy , hollow-eyed , emaciated wretch ; a walking corpse .
Tis the curse of service , Preferment goes by letter and affection , And not by old gradation , where each second Stood heir to the first .	Preference goes by who you know and who likes you , And not by old system , where each second person Took the first ’ s place .
An Englishman ?	An Englishman ?
But that my Lady Beatrice should know me , and not know me !	But how strange that Beatrice should seem to know who I was and yet not know at the same time .
On him I lay what you would lay on me , The right and fortune of his happy stars , Which God defend that I should wring from him .	God forbid that I snatch the crown from him .
And pluck the wings from painted butterflies To fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes .	Pluck off colorful butterfly wings , and use them to fan moonbeams away from his eyes as he sleeps .
Do ’ t .	Do it .
I heard nothing .	I heard nothing .
My strange and self-abuse Is the initiate fear that wants hard use .	My strange self-delusions just come from inexperience .
Did my father strike my gentleman For chiding of his fool ?	Did my father hit one of my attendants for scolding his fool ?
Go , vanish into air , away !	Go !
Why , so I can , sir , but I will not now .	Why , so I can , sir , but I won ’ t now .
Yield up , O love , thy crown and hearted throne To tyrannous hate !	Yield up , O love , your crown and hearted throne To tyrannous hate !
The king hath heard them , to the which as yet There is no answer made .	The king has heard them , but as yet has made no answer .
I marry her !	Me marry her !
Come , sir , I am for you .	Come , sir , I will fight you .
All eyes !	Just watch !
What said he ?	What did he say ?
But well .	But , go on .
Mother , you have my father much offended .	Mother , you have offended my father very much .
Why looks your grace so heavily today ?	Why do you look so depressed today , your Grace ?
A second time I kill my husband dead When second husband kisses me in bed .	I kill my husband dead a second time When second husband kisses me in bed .
Mark me .	Listen to me .
Ay , widow Dido .	Widow Dido ; yes , widow Dido .
You have good judgment in horsemanship .	You ’ re a good judge of horsemanship .
Thieves !	Thieves !
You the like loss ?	You a similar loss !
Is it so brave a lass ?	Is she really that wonderful ?
I 'm out of patience .	I am out of patience .
What hour now ?	What time is it ?
Caesar is touched .	Caesar is upset .
You must leave this .	You must stop this .
Come , come .	Come , come .
Lie they upon thy hand And be undone by ’ em !	Let it stay in your inventory until it bankrupts you .
But for the whole world ?	But for the whole world ?
What shall you ask of me that I ’ ll deny , That honor , saved , may upon asking give ?	What could you possibly ask of me that I wouldn ’ t give you , as long as it didn ’ t damage my honor and self-respect ?
Bring them before us .	Bring them to me .
Speak .	Say something .
With him ?	With Cassio ?
Prepare the body then , and follow us .	Prepare the body , then , and follow us .
That , being mad herself , she ’ s madly mated .	That since she ’ s mad herself , she ’ s married a madman .
Our queen and all her elves come here anon .	Our queen and all her elves are coming here any minute !
Sir , I will walk here in the hall .	Sir , I will walk here in the hall .
Let him approach .	Let him come forward .
We shall , my lord .	We shall , my lord .
What news from her ?	What have you heard from her ?
If you do fight in safeguard of your wives , Your wives shall welcome home the conquerors .	If you fight to protect your wives , your wives will welcome you home as conquerors .
He is .	He is .
Be wary , then .	So be careful .
Wilt thou suffer them To make a rescue ?	are you going to let them break me out of jail ?
Well be with you , gentlemen !	Welcome , gentlemen !
A goodly one , in which there are many confines , wards , and dungeons , Denmark being one o ' th ' worst .	Yes , quite a large one , with many cells and dungeons , Denmark being one of the worst .
A maiden never bold ; Of spirit so still and quiet that her motion Blush 'd at herself ; and she — in spite of nature , Of years , of country , credit , everything — To fall in love with what she fear 'd to look on !	A maiden never bold , Of a spirit so still and quiet that she blushed at her own Movements ; and she , in spite of nature , Of years , of country , reputation , everything , To fall in love with what she feared to look at !
And will you , being a man of your breeding , be married under a bush like a beggar ?	And , being a man of your breeding , you ’ re going to be married under some shrubs like a beggar ?
A thousand , sir , Early though ’ t be , have on their riveted trim And at the port expect you .	Even though it ’ s early , there are already a thousand armored soldiers waiting for you at the harbor .
I like the work well .	It ’ s pretty .
What manner of man ?	Just a man , like any other .
At your choice , sir .	As you wish , sir .
Hush , Thou think ’ st there is no more such shapes as he , Having seen but him and Caliban .	You think he ’ s special , since you ’ ve only ever seen him and Caliban .
Ha !	Ha !
Your statue spouting blood in many pipes , In which so many smiling Romans bathed , Signifies that from you great Rome shall suck Reviving blood , and that great men shall press For tinctures , stains , relics , and cognizance .	Your statue spouting blood through many holes , in which many smiling Romans bathed , means that you ’ ll provide great Rome with sustaining blood , and that great men will strive to get some token of approval from your holy blood .
Once more remove , good friends .	Let ’ s move again , my friends .
It should seem then that Dobbin ’ s tail grows backward .	Then Dobbin ’ s tail must be growing backward .
Hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes .	Leap and dance for him .
So foolish sorrows bids your stones farewell .	Please treat my babies well .
O me !	Oh me !
They are all but stomachs , and we all but food .	They ’ re like stomachs and we ’ re just the food .
Good night — but go not to mine uncle ’ s bed .	Please , let me go .
It cannot Be call 'd our mother , but our grave .	It cannot Be called our mother , only our grave .
Most sacrilegious Murder hath broke ope The Lord 's anointed temple and stole thence The life o ’ the building .	Most unholy murder has broken open The Lord 's anointed temple , and then stolen The life of the building .
Yes , madam , he was of that consort .	To answer your question , ma 'am — yes , he was friendly with those knights .
If I gave them all my living , I ’ d keep my coxcombs myself .	If I gave them all I own , I ’ d have two fool ’ s caps for myself .
What did thy song bode , lady ?	What did your song mean , lady ?
How !	What !
What ’ s this for ?	What ’ s this part for ?
Pompey doth this day laugh away his fortune .	Today Pompey laughs away his fortune .
But doth he know that I am in this forest and in man ’ s apparel ?	You ’ d better get me But does he know that I ’ m here in the forest and dressed in men ’ s clothing ?
Come now , your promise .	Now , don ’ t forget , you promised me something .
Well , Brutus , thou art noble .	Well , Brutus , you ’ re noble .
Marry , heaven forbid !	By Mary , heaven forbid !
At this hour Lie at my mercy all mine enemies .	Now all my enemies are at my mercy .
O , I could play the woman with mine eyes , And braggart with my tongue !	O , I could cry like a woman with my eyes , And brag with my tongue !
So would not I.	So do I.
So quick bright things come to confusion .	That ’ s how intense things like love are quickly destroyed .
And what wilt thou do — beg when that is spent ?	And what are you going to do after you ’ ve spent your money ?
Masters , the duke is coming from the temple , and there is two or three lords and ladies more married .	Two or three more lords and ladies have been married too .
That now Sweno , the Norways ' king , craves composition .	So now Sweno , the Norwegian king , wants a treaty .
No , by my life and soul !	No , by my life and soul !
I am but mad north-north-west .	I ’ m only crazy sometimes .
What is the matter , my lord ?	What is the matter , my lord ?
Now , my lord .	Just now , my lord .
As freely , son , as God did give her me .	As freely , son , as God gave her to me .
Here , Fluellen , wear thou this favor for me and stick it in thy cap .	Here , Fluellen , stick this in your cap .
Some dungeon .	Some dungeon .
This did I fear , but thought he had no weapon , For he was great of heart .	I was afraid this would happen , because he was a noble , brave man , but I didn ’ t think he had a weapon .
O that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill !	Oh I wish your frowns would teach my smiles to have that effect !
Ay , for the state , not for Antonio .	Yes , the state ’ s half can be reduced , but not Antonio ’ s .
Here at your service .	Here , at your service .
If not , adieu .	If not , goodbye .
Andrew Aguecheek ”	Andrew Aguecheek ”
The king rises .	The king is getting up .
Are they married , think you ?	Do you think they ’ re married ?
And can you by no drift of conference Get from him why he puts on this confusion , Grating so harshly all his days of quiet With turbulent and dangerous lunacy ?	And can ’ t you , by any circumstance , Get from him why he puts on this craziness , Grating all his days of quiet so harshly With turbulence and dangerous lunacy ?
What is the matter here ?	What is the matter here ?
It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven Upon the place beneath .	It just happens , the way gentle rain drops on the ground .
Nay , pray you , mark .	No , I beg you , listen .
And I for no woman .	And like I am for no woman .
What masque , what music ?	Which plays , what music ?
But wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens ?	But why did you tempt the heavens like that ?
Mistress , you must come away to your father .	Mistress , you have to go see your father .
Come on and kiss me , Kate .	Come on and kiss me , Kate .
Come , sir , to dinner . — Dromio , keep the gate .	Come , husband , let ’ s go to lunch .
Dismiss me ?	Dismiss me ?
Touch me not so near : I had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offense to Michael Cassio ; Yet , I persuade myself , to speak the truth Shall nothing wrong him .	I ’ d rather have this tongue cut from my mouth Than it should do offense to Michael Cassio ; Still , I convince myself , speaking the truth Shall not wrong him .
Let me live here ever .	Let me live here forever .
Sir , in this audience , Let my disclaiming from a purposed evil Free me so far in your most generous thoughts That I have shot my arrow o 'er the house And hurt my brother .	Sir , before this audience , Let my denial of evil intent Give me immunity in your most generous thoughts As though I have shot my arrow over the house And hurt my brother .
All things that are , Are with more spirit chasèd than enjoyed .	We chase everything in life more excitedly than we actually enjoy it when we get it .
And what said Surrey then ?	And what did Surrey say to that ?
I found him under a tree like a dropped acorn .	I found Orlando under a tree , like a dropped acorn .
I have stayed for thee , God knows , in torment and in agony .	God knows I waited for you in anguish , pain , and agony when I gave birth to you .
I had rather be married to a death 's head with a bone in his mouth , than to either of these .	I would rather be married to a skull with a bone in his mouth than to either of these princes .
Welcome , Signior .	Welcome , sir .
And art thou living , Stephano ?	Are you really alive , Stephano ?
He needs not our mistrust , since he delivers Our offices and what we have to do , To the direction just .	He doesn ’ t need our mistrust ; since he tells us Our duties and the directions for what we have to do .
You would lift the moon out of her sphere if she would continue in it five weeks without changing .	You ’ d give the moon a shove if it got stuck five weeks in its orbit .
A gentleman .	A gentleman .
O , damn her !	O , damn her !
Call you this “ gamut ” ?	You call this a scale ?
Follow .	Follow me .
If he come not , then the play is marred .	If he doesn ’ t show up , the play is ruined .
The morn is fair .	The weather is fair .
Be bold , and take thy stand .	Be bold , and get ready .
As she is mine , I may dispose of her — Which shall be either to this gentleman Or to her death — according to our law Immediately provided in that case .	Since she belongs to me , I can do what I want with her — as the law says : I can either make her marry Demetrius — or have her killed .
First , I must tell thee this : Desdemona is directly in love with him .	But first , I have to tell you that Desdemona ’ s completely in love with him .
If this had not been a gentlewoman , she should have been buried out o ' Christian burial .	If this hadn ’ t been a gentlewoman , she should have been buried without a Christian burial .
Hast thou no care of me ?	Don ’ t you care about me ?
First , Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself ; which the ladies cannot abide .	First , Pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself , which the ladies cannot stand .
Nothing , my lord .	Nothing , my lord .
The body is with the King , but the King is not with the body .	The body is with the king , but the king is not with the body .
So we grew together , Like to a double cherry — seeming parted But yet an union in partition — Two lovely berries molded on one stem ;	We grew together like twin cherries — which seemed to be separate but were also together — two lovely cherries on one stem .
To no more Will I give place or notice .	I won ’ t lodge any more than that under my roof .
Graces will appear , and there ’ s an end .	A man ’ s virtues will always show themselves , and that ’ s the end of that .
Say you ?	What do you say ?
Is now become a god , and Cassius is A wretched creature and must bend his body If Caesar carelessly but nod on him .	And this is the man who has now become a god , and I ’ m a wretched creature who must bow down if Caesar so much as carelessly nods my way .
A halter gratis ; nothing else , for God 's sake !	A free rope with a nooses ; nothing else , for God 's sake !
Do not , my lord .	Don ’ t do it , sir .
Your rye-straw hats put on , And these fresh nymphs encounter every one In country footing .	Put your straw hats on , have some fun , and dance with these young nymphs .
And so do I too , lieutenant .	And so do I too , lieutenant .
Now they are my men .	Now they work for me .
That Petruchio came ?	Petruchio ?
I ’ ll be your foil , Laertes .	I ’ m going to make you look sharp , Laertes .
Why , this that I speak of .	Why , the one I just told you about .
I am not of your element .	I ’ m not like you .
Thou didst smile , Infused with a fortitude from heaven , When I have decked the sea with drops full salt , Under my burden groaned ; which raised in me An undergoing stomach , to bear up Against what should ensue .	You smiled , Instilled with strength from heaven , When I have covered the sea with salty tears , Groaning under my load , which raised in me A new strength , to put with Whatever should follow .
That nothing do but meditate on blood , To swearing and stern looks , diffused attire , And everything that seems unnatural .	They grow like savages — like soldiers who meditate on nothing but blood — surrounded by swearing and stern looks , ragged clothing and everything unnatural .
I pause for a reply .	I will pause for a reply .
I go , my lord .	I ’ m off , my lord .
What I am truly , Is thine and my poor country 's to command : Whither indeed , before thy here-approach , Old Siward , with ten thousand warlike men , Already at a point , was setting forth .	What I am , truly , Is your and my poor country 's to command , Where , indeed , before you came here , Old Siward , with ten thousand warlike men Already at a point , was coming to .
Who goes there , ha ?	Who are these people ?
O sun , thy uprise shall I see no more .	Oh , sun , I will never see another one of your sunrises .
Swear by your double self , And there ’ s an oath of credit !	He should swear by his two-faced self , and that ’ s an oath I ’ ll believe !
And wherefore are you gentle , strong , and valiant ?	And why are you noble , strong , and brave ?
Then let your will attend on their accords .	Therefore , you should obey their wishes .
There is Siward 's son And many unrough youths , that even now Protest their first of manhood .	There is Siward 's son And many youths without beards which now Affirm they are beginning manhood .
I never heard a passion so confused , So strange , outrageous , and so variable , As the dog Jew did utter in the streets .	I ’ ve never heard such confused emotions as what that Jew dog was shouting in the streets .
If your mind dislike anything , obey it .	If you have a gut feeling , obey it .
What 's the news from Venice ?	What 's the news from Venice ?
I am ashamèd I did yield to them .	I ’ m ashamed that I yielded to them .
What noise is this ?	What noise is this ?
And but my noble Moor Is true of mind and made of no such baseness As jealous creatures are , it were enough To put him to ill thinking .	This would be enough to make my husband suspect me , if he wasn ’ t so free of jealousy .
What is your pleasure ?	What is your pleasure ?
Prithee , be content .	I promise .
aside &ket; Honest lord , &bra; aside &ket; Honest lord , Thou hast said well , for some of you there present Are worse than devils .	Honest lord , What you say is true , because some of you there present Are worse than devils .
Away !	Now go !
Into my grave .	Into my grave .
Room , ho !	Room , oh !
What , will the line stretch out to the crack of doom ?	What , will the line stretch out to the crack of doom ?
O , the world hath not a sweeter creature .	O , the world has not a sweeter creature .
Lie — With her ?	He was in bed with — With her ?
You shall know more hereafter .	You ’ ll know more about it later .
He said the truth .	That ’ s true .
Minion , your dear lies dead , And your unblest fate hies .	Whore , your lover ’ s dead now , and you ’ ll be going to hell soon .
Why , look you how you storm !	Look at you getting all riled up !
Of your complexion .	She ’ s a lot like you .
Where ’ s the king ?	Where ’ s the king ?
For mine own part , no offence to the general nor any man of quality , I hope to be saved .	Speaking for myself — and no offense to the general or anyone else — I hope I ’ m going to heaven .
I never looked for better at his hands After he once fell in with Mistress Shore .	I didn ’ t expect any better from him once he got involved with Mistress Shore .
Now let thy friendly hand Put strength enough to ’ t .	I hope you ’ re strong enough to do it .
A hit , a very palpable hit .	It was obviously a hit .
Hark !	Listen !
Thou , my slave , As thou report ’ st thyself , wast then her servant .	You , my slave , were her servant at the time , as you admit yourself .
It is not meet you know how Caesar loved you .	It isn ’ t proper for you to know how much Caesar loved you .
There ’ s none but witches do inhabit here , And therefore ’ tis high time that I were hence .	That means it ’ s high time for me to go .
One cried , “ God bless us ! ” and “ Amen ” the other , As they had seen me with these hangman ’ s hands .	One servant cried , “ God bless us ! ” and the other replied , “ Amen , ” as if they had seen my bloody hands .
What might you think ?	No , I had to do something .
Pray , set it down and rest you .	Please put that log down and rest a while .
Fly ?	Flee ?
Yet do I not use my horse for my mistress , or any such proverb so little kin to the purpose .	At least I don ’ t have a horse for my mistress — or a saying so beside the point .
Can you do it ?	Can you do that ?
She says enough ; yet she 's a simple bawd That cannot say as much .	She says enough ; yet she 's a simple rabbit That cannot say as much .
We have not yet set down this day of triumph .	We have not yet set the coronation day .
Now go to the door , and stay there till we call .	Now go to the door , and stay there until we call .
The will , the will !	The will , the will !
Out of my sight !	Out of my sight !
And then came Pyramus .	And here comes Pyramus .
He smiled and said “ The better for our purpose . ” He was in the right , and so indeed it is .	He smiled and said , “ The better for us . ” He ’ s right , and that ’ s how it is .
Make haste .	Hurry up .
What wouldst thou with us ?	What do you want from me ?
See , see , our honored hostess !	Look , here comes our honored hostess !
Honest ?	Honest !
Firm and irrevocable is my doom Which I have passed upon her .	The sentence I ’ ve passed down on her is firm and unshakeable .
Most monstrous , oh !	Oh , monstrous !
Cassio , my lord !	Cassio , my lord !
How do you mean , removing of him ?	How do you mean removing of him ?
If thou dost love me , Show me thy thought .	If you do love me , Tell me what you were thinking .
We ’ ll enter all together .	We can all go together .
It must be so , for miracles are ceased , And therefore we must needs admit the means How things are perfected .	No , I ’ ll recite it for you right now : “ de hand , de fangres , de nails — ” “ De nails , ” madame .
Well , God ' eild you !	Well , God protect you !
I do , This touches me in reputation .	This harms my reputation .
There lay he , stretched along like a wounded knight .	He lay there , stretched out like a wounded knight .
No .	No , it wasn ’ t .
If thou entertainest my love , let it appear in thy smiling .	If you love me , let me know by smiling at me .
Dost thou affect her , Claudio ?	Do you like her , Claudio ?
My Lord Bassanio , since you have found Antonio , We two will leave you .	Bassanio , we ’ ll say goodbye for now , since you ’ ve found Antonio .
Have at the very eye of that proverb with “ A pox of the devil . ” You are the better at proverbs , by how much “ A fool ’ s bolt is soon shot . ” You have shot over .	I ’ ll go straight for that proverb with “ To hell with the devil . ” You are better at proverbs than I am by as much as “ A fool shoots quickly and overshoots his mark . ” You have overshot .
Was not that Cassio parted from my wife ?	Wasn ’ t that Cassio leaving my wife ?
Intelligence is given where you are hid .	It has leaked out that you ’ re hiding here .
We never valued this poor seat of England And therefore , living hence , did give ourself To barbarous license , as ’ tis ever common That men are merriest when they are from home .	Men tend to be at their most irresponsible when they ’ re away from home .
I have drunk but one cup tonight , and that was craftily qualified too , and behold what innovation it makes here .	I ’ ve already had a glass of wine tonight , watered down , but look how drunk I am .
Call the clotpoll back .	Call the numbskull back in here .
Therefore , for fear of the worst , I pray thee , set a deep glass of Rhenish wine on the contrary casket ; for , if the devil be within and that temptation without , I know he will choose it .	So , for fear of the worst , please set a deep glass of Rhenish wine on the wrong chest ; because if the devil were within the chest and that temptation on top of it , I know he will choose it .
Let the doors be shut upon him , that he may play the fool nowhere but in 's own house .	Shut the doors on him , that he may play the fool nowhere else but in his own house .
Here , as I point my sword , the sun arises , Which is a great way growing on the south , Weighing the youthful season of the year .	Here , where I point my sword , the Sun rises , Which is going a great way to the South , Bringing in spring .
I made no such report .	No , I didn ’ t say that .
Why , then , let them alone till they are sober .	Well then , leave them alone until they ’ re sober .
Good sir , this ring was given me by my wife ; And , when she put it on , she made me vow That I should neither sell , nor give , nor lose it .	Good sir , this ring was given me by my wife ; And , when she put it on , she made me vow That I should not sell , or give , or lose it .
I would fain prove so .	I would gladly prove so .
I shall do so ; But I must also feel it as a man .	I shall do so ; Only I must also feel it as a man .
Even now we housed him in the abbey here , And now he ’ s there , past thought of human reason .	Just now we put him in the abbey over here , and now he ’ s over there .
But my uncle-father and aunt- mother are deceived .	but my uncle-father and aunt- mother are deceived .
Princes and counties !	Princes and counts !
But , how ?	But how ?
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my good lord .
The time ’ twixt six and now Must by us both be spent most preciously .	We can ’ t waste time between now and six o 'clock .
Mine , sir .	Mine , sir .
For when rich villains have need of poor ones , poor ones may make what price they will .	Because when rich villains need poor villains ' services , those poor ones can name the price .
Trust not Trebonius .	Don ’ t trust Trebonius .
Why , the wrong is but a wrong i ' the world ; and hav- ing the world for your labor , ' tis a wrong in your own world , and you might quickly make it right .	Why , the wrong is but a wrong in the world ; and having the world for your work , it is a wrong in your own world , and you might quickly make it right .
Through the forest have I gone , But Athenian found I none , On whose eyes I might approve This flower 's force in stirring love .	I ’ ve gone through the whole forest , But I haven ’ t found any Athenian On whose eyes I might pour This flower 's juice to stir his love .
Let the garden door be shut , and leave me to my hearing .	Close the garden door and leave me alone to hear his message .
Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth , Unapt to toil and trouble in the world , But that our soft conditions and our hearts Should well agree with our external parts ?	Why are our bodies soft and weak and smooth , unfit for toil and trouble in the world , if not so that our soft qualities and our hearts should agree with our external parts ?
I 'll silence me even here .	I ’ ll hide here silently .
Your nymphs , called naiads of the wandering brooks , With your sedged crowns and over-harmless looks , Leave your crisp channels and on this green land Answer your summons ; Juno does command .	You nymphs , called Water Nymphs , of the winding brooks , With your oat-edged crowns and always harmless looks , Leave your fresh waters , and answer your summons To this green land : Juno commands you .
Your daughter here the princes left for dead .	The princes left your daughter here for dead .
The chariest maid is prodigal enough If she unmask her beauty to the moon .	The most careful maid is wasteful enough If she unmasks her beauty to the moon .
Do you know what you say ?	Do you even know what you ’ re talking about ?
Good God , betimes remove The means that makes us strangers !	Good God , soon we ’ ll remove The thing that makes us strangers !
My lord ?	Excuse me ?
I muse why she ’ s at liberty .	I don ’ t understand why she ’ s not locked up .
Why dost thou whet thy knife so earnestly ?	Why do you sharpen your knife so earnestly ?
My cause is hearted ; thine hath no less reason .	My cause is fixed in my heart ; yours has no less reason .
Come away , servant , come .	Come on , servant , come .
I cry thee mercy , then , for I did think That thou hadst called me all these bitter names .	I beg your pardon — I thought it was me whom you were calling all those terrible names .
That were the most if he should husband you .	He ’ d really be your proxy if he married you .
And even for that do I love you the more .	Yes , but that makes me love you even more .
Sorry I am my noble cousin should Suspect me that I mean no good to him .	I ’ m sorry my noble brother is suspicious of me .
Good Hermia , do not be so bitter with me .	Good Hermia , please don ’ t act so bitter toward me .
She shall not harm thee , Helena .	She can ’ t hurt you , Helena .
Save his majesty !	Save his Majesty !
Harder , harder .	Harder , harder .
Prithee , if thou lovest me , tell me .	Please , sir , be kind to me and tell me .
It seemed she was a queen Over her passion , who , most rebel-like , Sought to be king o 'er her .	She seemed to be trying to control her emotions , which were overwhelming her .
Bestir Heigh , my hearts !	Let ’ s go , my good men !
List a brief tale , And when ’ tis told , oh , that my heart would burst !	Listen to my little story , and when it ’ s done , oh , my heart will break !
Nor from mine own weak merits will I draw The smallest fear or doubt of her revolt ; For she had eyes and chose me .	And I won ’ t draw from my own weak merits The smallest fear or doubt of her turning against me , Because she had eyes and chose me .
Tush , tush , ' twill not appear .	Nonsense , nonsense , it will not appear .
But O , how oddly will it sound that I Must ask my child forgiveness !	How oddly it will sound that I Must ask my child for forgiveness !
If you will watch his going thence ( which I will fashion to fall out between twelve and one ) you may take him at your pleasure .	When you see him walking by here ( as I ’ ll make sure he does between twelve and one ) you can nab him .
If his occulted guilt Do not itself unkennel in one speech , It is a damned ghost that we have seen , And my imaginations are as foul As Vulcan 's stithy .	If his hidden guilt Don ’ t show itself in that one speech , It is a false ghost that we have seen , And my imaginations are as unstable As god of fire ’ s anvil .
No , in truth , sir , he should not .	No , in truth , sir , he should not .
Why , “ some are born great , some achieve greatness , and some have greatness thrown upon them . ” I was one , sir , in this interlude , one Sir Topas , sir , but that ’ s all one .	Well , you know , “ some are born great , some achieve greatness , and some have greatness thrust upon them . ” Anyway , I was part of the trick , sir .
I kiss the wall 's hole , not your lips at all .	I kiss the wall 's hole , not your lips at all .
The sky doth frown and lour upon our army .	The sky frowns and scowls on our army .
Well , again !	OK , again .
To him will I.	I will go find him .
So are you , sweet , Even in the lovely garnish of a boy .	And you are hidden , sweetheart , Even in the lovely garments of a boy .
Why should he stay whom love doth press to go ?	Why should he stay whom love presses to go ?
Borachio .	Borachio .
I thank you , sir .	Thank you , sir .
And this .	And this .
Truly , the more to blame he .	He was wrong to do that .
Oh , I am undone , I am undone !	How dare I ?
I like not that .	I don ’ t like that .
Renownèd duke , vouchsafe to take the pains To go with us into the abbey here And hear at large discoursed all our fortunes , And all that are assembled in this place That by this sympathizèd one day ’ s error Have suffered wrong .	Renowned duke , please join us in the abbey , where we will discuss at length all that has happened to us .
Good morrow , old Sir Thomas Erpingham .	Good morning , old Sir Thomas Erpingham !
Why should I , Mother ?	Why should I , mother ?
The question of his death is enrolled in the Capitol , his glory not extenuated , wherein he was worthy , nor his offenses enforced , for which he suffered death .	The question of his death is recorded on rolls in the Capitol , his glory not made thin , where he was worthy ; nor are his offenses recorded , for which he suffered death .
They bleed on both sides . — How is it , my lord ?	Both fencers are bleeding — how do you feel , my lord ?
O strange !	O strange !
As ignorant as dirt !	As stupid as dirt !
Tis time we twain Did show ourselves i ’ th ’ field , and to that end Assemble we immediate council .	It ’ s time that we brought our armies into the field .
My present business calls me from you now .	Right now , my pressing business calls me away .
Never Hamlet .	Never Hamlet .
And we ’ ll consign thereto . — Will you , fair sister , Go with the princes or stay here with us ?	Fair sister , will you go with the princes or stay here with me ?
Put up your sword .	Put your sword away .
Let them play it .	Okay , bring on the play .
I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .	I heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .
Hath put himself from rest , And must needs taste his folly .	He has to pay the price for his foolish actions .
Sure , these are but imaginary wiles , And lapland sorcerers inhabit here .	These are tricks of the imagination , and this place is filled with magicians .
Pardon this fault , and by my soul I swear I never more will break an oath with thee .	If you forgive my mistake , I swear I ’ ll never break an oath with you again .
Why , the hot-blooded France that dowerless took Our youngest born — I could as well be brought To knee his throne , and , squirelike , pension beg To keep base life afoot .	I might as well go before the King of France , who took my youngest daughter without a dowry , kneel before his throne , and beg him to give me a tiny pension to stay alive .
Thy woes will make them sharp and pierce like mine .	Your misery will make them sharp and piercing like mine .
Peace , sirrah !	Calm down .
I will stand , and so shall Trinculo .	I ’ ll stand , and so will Trinculo .
There will we rehearse , for if we meet in the city we shall be dogged with company , and our devices known .	It ’ s best to rehearse there , because if we do it here in the city , we ’ ll be bothered by crowds of people and everyone will know the plot of our play .
That of an hour 's age doth hiss the speaker ; Each minute teems a new one .	The news accuses the speaker ; Each minute turns up a new one .
Tis well I am found by you .	It ’ s good you found me .
Dexterously , good madonna .	Easily , madam .
And now , good sweet , say thy opinion ; — How dost thou like the Lord Bassanio 's wife ?	And now , good sweetheart , tell me your opinion , How do you like Lord Bassanio 's wife ?
We ’ ll overreach the graybeard , Gremio , The narrow-prying father , Minola , The quaint musician , amorous Litio , All for my master ’ s sake , Lucentio .	We ’ ll outwit them all — that old geezer , Gremio ; the suspicious father , Minola ; the prim musician lover , Litio — all for the sake of my master , Lucentio .
O you sir , you , come you hither , sir .	You there , sir , come here please .
Why then , your ambition makes it one .	That must be because you ’ re so ambitious .
Stand thee close , then , under this penthouse , for it drizzles rain , and I will , like a true drunkard , utter all to thee .	Since it ’ s drizzling , stand under this overhang with me and , like a true drunk , I ’ ll tell you everything .
Young budding virgin , fair and fresh and sweet , Whither away , or where is thy abode ?	Young budding virgin , fair and pure and sweet , where are you off to ?
What is the time o ' th ' day ?	What time is it ?
What 's the boy Malcolm ?	What about the boy Malcolm ?
I will speak to this fellow .	I will speak to this fellow .
And you all know security Is mortals ’ chiefest enemy .	And you all know , security Is the major enemy of humans .
Juno sings her blessings upon you .	Juno sings her blessings on you .
Fore God , an excellent song .	Before God , an excellent song .
There ’ s not a piece of feather in our host — Good argument , I hope , we will not fly — And time hath worn us into slovenry .	There ’ s not a strand of feather left in our whole army — a good sign , I hope , that we won ’ t fly away like birds — and time on the field has made us slovenly .
Thither he Will come to know his destiny .	There he Will come to know his destiny .
Then music is Even as the flourish , when true subjects bow To a new-crowned monarch : such it is , As are those dulcet sounds in break of day , That creep into the dreaming bridegroom 's ear , And summon him to marriage .	Then music is Sounds as the trumpets when true subjects bow To a new-crowned king ; music is Those sweet sounds at sunrise That creep into the dreaming bridegroom 's ear And summon him to marriage .
Good friends , go in and taste some wine with me .	Good friends , go in and have some wine with me .
A touch , a touch ; I do confess .	A touch , a touch , I do confess .
Stand , ho !	Halt .
But how did you desire it should be made ?	But how did you want it made ?
He comes upon a wish .	He comes on a wish .
Do , do .	Oh , please do .
I do beseech you , take it not amiss ; I cannot , nor I will not , yield to you .	Please , don ’ t take it badly , but I cannot and will not give in to you .
Madam , undress you and come now to bed .	Now , madam , undress and come to bed .
They ’ ll have me whipped for speaking true , thou 'lt have me whipped for lying , and sometimes I am whipped for holding my peace .	They want to whip me for telling the truth , you want to whip me for lying , and sometimes I ’ m even whipped for keeping quiet .
Am I not stay 'd for , Cinna ?	Isn ’ t someone waiting for me , Cinna ?
Bring it after me .	Bring it after me .
So , thanks to all at once and to each one , Whom we invite to see us crowned at Scone .	So I thank you all , and I invite each and every one of you to come watch me be crowned king of Scotland at Scone .
Give him a statue with his ancestors .	Give him a statue with his ancestors .
Most welcome home !	Welcome back !
For I am all the subjects that you have , Which first was mine own king , and here you sty me In this hard rock , whiles you do keep from me The rest o ‘ th ’ island .	Because I am all of the subjects that you have , Who was first my own king ; and here you chain me To this hard rock , while you keep from me The rest of the island .
My letters say a hundred and seven galleys .	My letters say there are a hundred and seven ships .
Now does my project gather to a head .	My plans are almost at their climax .
Mistress , your father prays you leave your books And help to dress your sister ’ s chamber up .	Mistress , your father requests that you leave your books and come help decorate your sister ’ s room .
Was this fair paper , this most goodly book , Made to write “ whore ” upon ?	Was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore ?
Your Grace may do your pleasure .	Your Grace can do whatever he wants .
I know her father , though I know not her , And he knew my deceasèd father well .	I don ’ t know her , but I know her father and he knew mine well .
Thou hast done a deed — I care not for thy sword ; I 'll make thee known , Though I lost twenty lives .	You have done a deed , I don ’ t care about your sword ; I 'll make you famous , Although I lose twenty lives .
Of Laertes ?	Of Laertes ?
Not I , sir .	After you , sir .
No , sir , ’ tis in grain ; Noah ’ s flood could not do it .	No , it ’ s permanent .
Oh , be sick , great greatness , And bid thy ceremony give thee cure !	Try being sick , great greatness , and see if ceremony can cure you !
Shylock is my name .	Shylock is my name .
Yet I insisted , yet you answer 'd not , But with an angry wafture of your hand Gave sign for me to leave you .	Still I insisted ; still you didn ’ t answer , But , with an angry wave of your hand , You gave me a sign to leave you .
I was a fine fool to take it .	I was a fine fool to take it .
I have lived long enough .	I have lived long enough .
Come on then .	Come on , then .
Not this , but troubles of the marriage bed .	No , that ’ s not it — it ’ s because of what happens in the marriage bed .
Why , sir , I trust I may have leave to speak , And speak I will .	Sir , I think I have the right to speak , and speak I certainly will .
Is 't lost ?	Is it lost ?
Thus was I , sleeping , by a brother ’ s hand Of life , of crown , of queen at once dispatched , Cut off even in the blossoms of my sin ,	And that ’ s how my brother robbed me of my life , my crown , and my queen all at once .
Thou changèd and self-covered thing , for shame !	Shame on you , warped hag !
That ’ s certain — if the devil may be her judge .	That ’ s true — if the devil ’ s judging her .
Oh , temperance , lady !	Oh , control yourself , lady !
I am sorry for her , as I have just cause , being her uncle and her guardian .	I am sorry for her , as I should be , since I am both her uncle and her guardian .
Lay on , Macduff , And damned be him that first cries , “ Hold , enough ! ” I would the friends we miss were safe arrived .	Come on , let ’ s go at it , Macduff , and damn the first man who cries , ' Stop !
You mock me , madam .	Come , come , you ’ re making fun of me .
She thanked me And bade me , if I had a friend that loved her , I should but teach him how to tell my story And that would woo her .	She thanked me and told me that if a friend of mine had a story like mine to tell , she ’ d fall in love with him .
Mend your speech a little , Lest you may mar your fortunes .	Revise your statement , or you may damage your inheritance .
Bless thee from whirlwinds , star-blasting , and taking !	God protect you from tornadoes , evil stars , and diseases !
By heaven , I 'll know thy thoughts .	By heaven , I 'll know you ’ re thinking .
Come , I will bring thee to thy bridal chamber .	Come , I ’ ll show you your bridal chamber .
Did you perceive how he laughed at his vice ?	Did you see how he laughed at his sin ?
And let the wise man fly .	And let the wise man run away .
I warrant thee .	I guarantee you .
I say you are not .	I say you aren ’ t .
Go carry them , and smear The sleepy grooms with blood .	Go carry them , and smear The sleepy guards with blood .
But I will not stir from this place , do what they can .	But I won ’ t leave this spot , no matter what they do .
So shall you hear Of carnal , bloody and unnatural acts ; Of accidental judgments , casual slaughters ; Of deaths put on by cunning and forced cause ; And , in this upshot , purposes mistook Fall 'n on the inventors ' heads .	So you shall hear Of carnal , bloody and unnatural acts , Of accidental judgments , casual slaughters , Of deaths planned by cunning and false causes , And , in this result , mistaken motives Fallen on the planners ' heads .
Humbly I thank your grace .	I humbly thank you , sir .
Then none have I offended .	Then I have offended none .
Thou art so far before , That swiftest wing of recompense is slow To overtake thee .	You are so far ahead That swiftest way of repaying is slow To overtake you .
Thou liest .	You lie .
What wife ?	what wife ?
See not your bride in these unreverent robes .	Don ’ t greet your bride in these disgraceful clothes .
Can virtue hide itself ?	Can a good thing hide itself ?
Believe me for mine honor , and have respect to mine honor that you may believe .	Believe me on my honor and keep my honor in mind , so you may believe me .
But , Audrey , there is a youth here in the forest lays claim to you .	But Audrey , there ’ s a boy in the forest who claims you ’ re his girl .
Had I as many mouths as Hydra , such an answer would stop them all .	Even if I had a whole bunch of mouths , I wouldn ’ t be able to answer that .
O Lorenzo , If thou keep promise , I shall end this strife , Become a Christian and thy loving wife .	Oh Lorenzo , if you keep your promise to me , I ’ ll end this agony by becoming a Christian and marrying you .
What art thou that keep ’ st me out from the house I owe ?	Who do you think you are , keeping me out of my own house ?
His daughters seek his death .	His daughters want to kill him .
Comes Caesar to the Capitol tomorrow ?	Is Caesar visiting the Capitol tomorrow ?
It will be short .	Soon enough .
A good wench , give it me .	Good girl , give it to me .
Rebellious dead , rise never till the wood Of Birnam rise , and our high-placed Macbeth Shall live the lease of nature , pay his breath To time and mortal custom .	My murders will never come back to threaten me until the forest of Birnam gets up and moves , and I will be king for my entire natural life .
We will go together .	We will go in together .
The goodness of the night upon you , friends !	Hello , everyone !
Oh , ho , monster , we know what belongs to a frippery . — Put off that gown , Trinculo .	Oh , monster , we know secondhand clothes when we see them . — Take off that gown , Trinculo .
Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid ’ s archery , Sink in apple of his eye .	You purple flower , hit by Cupid ’ s arrow , sink into the pupils of this man ’ s eyes .
What said Popilius Lena ?	What did Popilius Lena say ?
You best know the place .	You know where she is .
Is Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?	Are Decius Brutus and Trebonius there ?
I say again , give out That Anne my queen is sick and like to die .	I repeat , spread the rumor that Anne , my wife , is sick and likely to die .
Robin , take off this head .	Quiet for awhile . — Robin , take off this head .
It makes us , or it mars us .	This will either make us or break us .
I will not leave him now till Cassio Be called to him . — How is ’ t with you , my lord ?	I won ’ t leave him alone until he gives Cassio his job back . — How are you , my lord ?
Doth Fortune play the huswife with me now ?	Has Fortune turned on me , like the whore she is ?
Hortensio , to what end are all these words ?	Hortensio , what ’ s all this about ?
Nay , pray be covered .	No , no , put your hat back on .
I will desire you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals .	Meanwhile , I ’ d be gratified if you ’ d live and eat your food .
Madam , I go with all convenient speed .	I ’ ll go as fast as I can , madam .
When they are in great danger , I recover them .	When they ’ re endangered , I save them .
Let him do his spite .	But please tell me , sir , is your marriage Let him do his worst .
They did so , to th ' amazement of mine eyes That looked upon ’ t .	I saw it with my own eyes .
The obscure bird Clamored the livelong night .	The owl made noise all night .
Thou shalt get kings , though thou be none .	Your descendants will be kings , even though you will not be one .
If e 'er the Jew her father come to heaven , It will be for his gentle daughter 's sake : And never dare misfortune cross her foot , Unless she do it under this excuse , — That she is issue to a faithless Jew .	If the Jew her father ever comes to heaven , It will be for his gentle daughter 's sake ; And never should misfortune dare to cross her foot , Unless she does it under this excuse , That she is daughter to a faithless Jew .
Those that are married already — all but one — shall live ; the rest shall keep as they are .	those that are married already , all but one , shall live , the rest stay the same .
Tell me .	Tell me .
I did nothing .	I didn ’ t do anything .
O dear discretion , how his words are suited !	Oh , he ’ s good at bending words around !
Methinks the wind hath spoke aloud at land , A fuller blast ne 'er shook our battlements .	A big blast of wind shook our fortifications .
You are in the right .	You ’ re doing the right thing .
Upon the crown o ' th ' cliff , what thing was that Which parted from you ?	What was that thing I saw moving away from you up on the cliff before you fell ?
But what trade art thou ?	But what ’ s your trade ?
Be not lost So poorly in your thoughts .	Snap out of your daze .
The trick of that voice I do well remember .	I recognize something about that voice .
Shall I abide In this dull world , which in thy absence is No better than a sty ?	Shall I stay in this dreary world , which is no better than a pigsty without you ?
The business she hath broached in the state Cannot endure my absence .	I must go and continue the business Fulvia started .
He holds me well .	He thinks highly of me .
I prithee name the time , but let it not Exceed three days .	Please just name a time , but don ’ t wait more than three days .
This pernicious slave , Forsooth , took on him as a conjurer , And , gazing in mine eyes , feeling my pulse ,	He pretended to be some kind of sorcerer , and he gazed in my eyes and took my pulse .
Raise all my kindred .	Get more Candles ; Wake up all my relatives .
I am an ass , I am a woman ’ s man , and besides myself .	I ’ m an ass , I ’ m a woman ’ s servant , and I ’ m beside myself .
But there 's no bottom , none , In my voluptuousness .	Only there 's no bottom , none , In my own evils .
Come .	All right , then .
Ay , marry , are they , sir .	Yes , they are .
Bring them before us .	Bring them before us .
O Cassius , if you could But win the noble Brutus to our party — Be you content .	Oh , Cassius , if you could only convince Brutus to join us — Don ’ t worry .
Twas I indeed thou promised ’ st to strike , And thou hast given me most bitter terms .	It was I , in fact , whom you promised to strike .
I have offended reputation , A most unnoble swerving .	I ’ ve destroyed my reputation , a most shameful error .
I am sure you both of you remember me .	I ’ m sure you both remember me .
And you , fair sister .	And hello to you , fair sister .
And now you know my meaning .	And now you know my meaning .
I am doubtful that you have been conjunct And bosomed with her as far as we call hers .	I ’ m just worried that you ’ ve been cozying up to her , and gotten intimate with her .
Do you not hear it ring ?	Don ’ t you hear it ring ?
If he steal aught the whilst this play is playing , And ' scape detecting , I will pay the theft .	If he steals anything the while this play is going on , And he escapes detection , I will pay for the theft .
Our tongue is rough , coz , and my condition is not smooth , so that , having neither the voice nor the heart of flattery about me , I cannot so conjure up the spirit of love in her that he will appear in his true likeness .	So , possessing neither a voice nor a heart for flattery , I can ’ t awaken the spirit of love in her so as to make him appear in his true likeness .
The tyrant 's people on both sides do fight , The noble thanes do bravely in the war ; The day almost itself professes yours , And little is to do .	The tyrant 's people fight on both sides ; The noble barons fight bravely in the war ; The day almost professes itself to be yours , And little is to do .
I noted her not , but I looked on her .	I saw her , but I didn ’ t notice her .
How say you by the French lord , Monsieur le Bon ?	What did you think about that French lord , Monsieur le Bon ?
Now will I go to take some privy order To draw the brats of Clarence out of sight , And to give order that no manner of person Have any time recourse unto the princes .	Now I ’ ll go inside and write out a secret order to keep Clarence ’ s brats out of sight and to forbid anyone whatsoever from seeing King Edward ’ s sons .
Virtue that transgresses is but patched with sin , and sin that amends is but patched with virtue .	A good person who does something wrong is only patched up with sin .
Some five or six and thirty of his knights , Hot questrists after him , met him at gate , Who with some other of the lord ’ s dependants Are gone with him towards Dover , where they boast To have well-armèd friends .	Thirty-five or thirty-six of his knights met him at the gate , and together with some others they ’ ve set off for Dover , where they claim to have powerful friends .
Be it so !	Let it be so .
Take them in .	Lead them inside .
Thou shalt buy this dear If ever I thy face by daylight see .	You ’ ll pay for this if I ever see you face-to-face in the daylight .
He will not say so .	He wouldn ’ t say that .
Cassio , walk hereabout .	Cassio , walk around here .
Tell me , for more certainty , Albeit I 'll swear that I do know your tongue .	Tell me , just to be sure , Even though I 'll swear that I know your voice .
Banquo , thy soul ’ s flight , If it find heaven , must find it out tonight .	Banquo , if your soul is going to make it to heaven , tonight ’ s the night .
Ay , by my life , And never did desire to see thee more .	I certainly did , and I never wanted to see you again .
I pray thee , hear me speak .	I ’ m going to get my Please , listen to me .
By Jove , I am not covetous for gold Nor care I who doth feed upon my cost ; It yearns me not if men my garments wear ; Such outward things dwell not in my desires .	By God , I am not selfish when it comes to money : I don ’ t care who eats at my expense .
Shut that , and ’ twill out at the keyhole .	If you shut the windows , it will pour out the keyhole .
And is 't not to be damn 'd To let this canker of our nature come In further evil ?	and isn ’ t it to be damned To let this canker of our nature do Further evil ?
O , belike his majesty hath some intent That you shall be new christened in the Tower .	Maybe the king is sending you to the Tower to have you renamed .
But soft , but soft a while .	But quiet , be quiet a minute .
Who ’ s there , besides foul weather ?	Who ’ s there , aside from this foul weather ?
Who sent you hither ?	Who sent you here ?
That a maiden ’ s heart hath burned ?	You call that ranting ?
But I am shepherd to another man And do not shear the fleeces that I graze .	But I ’ m a hired hand : I don ’ t profit from the flocks I tend .
Tis pity of him .	It ‘ s a pity of him .
The article of my oath ?	You refused me both .
Come , come ; You 'll never meet a more sufficient man .	Come , come ; You 'll never meet a more capable man .
Good sir , why do you start , and seem to fear Things that do sound so fair ?	Good sir , why are you startled , and seem afraid of Things that sound so beautiful ?
Talk you of killing ?	You ’ re talking about killing ?
Abhorrèd slave , Which any print of goodness wilt not take , Being capable of all ill !	You horrid slave , you can ’ t be trained to be good , and you ’ re capable of anything evil !
Still be kind And eke out our performance with your mind .	Indulge us further and supplement our performance with your own imaginings .
You should be women , And yet your beards forbid me to interpret That you are so .	You should be women , Only since you have beards , I can ’ t say That you are women .
One would think his mother ’ s milk were scarce out of him .	He looks like he just recently stopped breastfeeding .
Is that true ?	Is that true ?
Vex not his prescience .	Don ’ t joke about his predictions .
I shall be pinched to death .	I shall be pinched to death .
You look angerly .	You look angry .
But thou 'rt too much my friend , And I ’ ll not wish thee to her .	But you ’ re too good a friend for me to wish her on you .
I will fall prostrate at his feet And never rise until my tears and prayers Have won his grace to come in person hither And take perforce my husband from the Abbess .	I ’ ll fall at his feet and lie there until my pleading and crying convinces the duke to come here and force my husband to leave this abbey .
But let it rest . — Now , Litio , to you .	But let it go . — Now , Litio , it ’ s your turn .
This island ’ s mine , by Sycorax my mother , Which thou takest from me .	This island belongs to me because Sycorax , my mother , left it to me .
Soft , comes he not here ?	Isn ’ t that him heading this way ?
Master , is this Mistress Satan ?	Master , is this Satan ’ s mistress ?
Help , ho , help !	Help !
No , he doth but mistake the truth totally .	No ; he only totally misses the truth .
Grant their lawful suit .	Grant their law-abiding request !
Very like a whale .	Very like a whale .
Till then , think of the world .	Until then , think about the well-being of Rome .
If they do this , As , if God please , they shall , my ransom then Will soon be levied .	If they do this , as they will , God willing , my ransom will soon be raised .
Or else she could not have the wit to do this .	Right .
Do not doubt , Cassio , But I will have my lord and you again As friendly as you were .	I ’ m sure you and my husband will be as friendly as you were before .
I ’ ll put myself in poor and mean attire And with a kind of umber smirch my face .	I ’ ll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt .
Think , when we talk of horses , that you see them Printing their proud hoofs i ' th ' receiving earth , For ’ tis your thoughts that now must deck our kings , Carry them here and there , jumping o 'er times ,	Imagine , when we talk of horses , that you see them planting their proud hooves in the soft earth .
Wilt thou set thy foot o ' my neck ?	May I kiss your feet ?
Then what I have to do Will want true colour — tears perchance for blood .	Then what I have to do Will need true colours , tears perhaps for blood .
A very weak monster .	A pretty pathetic monster .
No , truly not , although until last night I have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow .	No , I didn ’ t , but I did every night for the past year .
I beseech you , do me this courteous office , as to know of the knight what my offense to him is .	Please , do me this one favor : find out what I ’ ve done to offend this knight .
When shall he come ?	So when should he come ?
We see it and will say it .	We understand you ’ re just doing it for us , and we ’ ll be sure to say so .
Whip me , ye devils , From the possession of this heavenly sight !	Whip me , you devils , From the possession of this heavenly sight !
Their lips were four red roses on a stalk , And in their summer beauty kissed each other .	Their lips , like four red roses on a stalk , touched .
The foul fiend bites my back .	The nasty devil ’ s biting my butt .
An it had not fallen flat-long .	If it had not fallen dead flat .
Nay , forward , old man .	No , keep going , old man ; don ’ t stop like that .
Upon my life , she finds , although I cannot , Myself to be a marv 'lous proper man .	Even though I don ’ t see it , this lady thinks I ’ m a marvelously good-looking man .
What , what , good cheer !	Cheer up !
Now here 's another discontented paper , Found in his pocket too ; and this , it seems , Roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain ; But that , belike , Iago in the interim Came in and satisfied him .	Now here 's another unhappy document , Found in his pocket too ; and this , it seems , That Roderigo meant to have sent this damned villain ; But that , very likely , Iago in the meantime Came in and satisfied him .
What heir of York is there alive but we ?	What heir of the York family is there alive other than myself ?
Were I in England now , as once I was , and had but this fish painted , not a holiday fool there but would give a piece of silver .	If I were in England now , like I was once , and I had even a painted picture of this fish , every fool there would give me a piece of silver to look at it .
Set me where you stand .	Lead me to where you ’ re standing .
In such a night , Did pretty Jessica , like a little shrew , Slander her love , and he forgave it her .	In such a night Pretty Jessica , like a little witch , Lied about her love , and he forgave her .
Say boldly .	Speak confidently .
What tidings can you tell me of my lord ?	Is there any news about my husband ?
God be with my old master .	God bless my old master .
How is 't with you ?	How is it with you ?
Shall I hear from you anon ?	Will I hear from you soon ?
So , come , help .	Come , help me bang on the door , master .
But since he stands obdurate And that no lawful means can carry me Out of his envy ’ s reach , I do oppose My patience to his fury , and am armed To suffer with a quietness of spirit The very tyranny and rage of his .	I ’ m ready to suffer peacefully whatever he does to me in his cruelty and anger .
Wherefore was that cry ?	What was that cry for ?
I pray you , now receive them .	I beg you , take them back now .
As they pass by , pluck Casca by the sleeve , And he will , after his sour fashion , tell you What hath proceeded worthy note today .	As they pass by , grab Casca by the sleeve ; And he ’ ll , in his sour way , tell you What notable events have happened today .
What noise ?	What ’ s that noise ?
But thou must needs be sure My spirits and my place have in their power To make this bitter to thee .	You know I ’ m powerful enough to make you pay for this .
Why did he so ?	Why did he do it ?
But fear not yet To take upon you what is yours .	But don ’ t be afraid to take the crown that belongs to you .
And I.	Me too .
This , this .	No !
I had a Richard too , and thou did ’ st kill him ; I had a Rutland too ; thou holp ’ st to kill him .	You had a Clarence , too , and Richard killed him .
Methought I was enamour 'd of an ass .	I thought I was in love with a donkey .
The itch of his affection should not then Have nicked his captainship at such a point When half to half the world opposed , he being The merèd question .	With half the world opposing the other half , it wasn ’ t the time for Antony , the pivotal player , to let love distract him .
Go , Tubal , and meet me at our synagogue ; go , good Tubal ; at our synagogue , Tubal .	Go , Tubal , and meet me at our synagogue ; go , good Tubal ; at our synagogue , Tubal .
Of one not easily jealous , but being wrought , Perplexed in the extreme .	Don ’ t tone things down or exaggerate them out of hostility .
May be she doth but counterfeit .	Maybe she ’ s just pretending .
My dear Othello !	My darling Othello !
O Scotland , Scotland !	Oh Scotland , Scotland !
I can no more .	I can ’ t speak anymore .
Pray you , lead on .	I beg you , lead on .
You saw they speak us fair , give us gold .	You see how kind everyone is to us , how they just hand us gold .
Vent my folly ?	Blab my nonsense ?
Who lies i ' th ' second chamber ?	Who ’ s sleeping in the second chamber ?
My next is ‘ Most fair Pyramus . ’ Heigh-ho !	My next is ' Most fair Pyramus .
I would have none but knaves follow it since a fool gives it .	I only want idiots following my advice , the advice of a fool .
Excellent .	It looks great .
We are haunted .	We are attacked by ghosts .
It was in place where I could not breed no contention with him , but I will be so bold as to wear it in my cap till I see him once again , and then I will tell him a little piece of my desires .	We were somewhere where I couldn ’ t pick a fight with him , but I ’ ve decided to wear it in my cap until I see him again , whereupon I ’ ll give him a little piece of my mind .
Tell him , so please him come unto this place , He shall be satisfied and , by my honor , Depart untouched .	Tell him , if he comes here , I ’ ll explain everything to him and , on my word , he ’ ll leave unharmed .
Of the king ’ s ship , The mariners , say how thou hast disposed , And all the rest o ' th ' fleet .	Tell me what you did with the king ’ s ship , the sailors , and the other ships .
We have seen the best of our time .	We ’ ve seen the best our age has to offer .
They have in England A coin that bears the figure of an angel Stamped in gold , but that ’ s insculped upon .	They have a coin in England stamped with the figure of an angel , but that ’ s just engraved on the surface .
Gentles , perchance you wonder at this show ; But wonder on , till truth make all things plain .	Gentles , perhaps you wonder at this show ; But wonder on until the truth makes all things clear .
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
Trinculo , if you trouble him any more in ’ s tale , by this hand , I will supplant some of your teeth .	Trinculo , if you interrupt him any more , I swear I ’ ll knock some teeth out of your head .
Under the earth .	From under the earth .
I will , my lord .	I will , my lord .
If Caesar please , our master Will leap to be his friend .	If Caesar chose , Antony would jump at the chance to be his friend .
With meditating that she must die once , I have the patience to endure it now .	Having already thought about the fact that she would have to die sometime , I can endure her death now .
We are the queen ’ s abjects and must obey . — Brother , farewell .	Farewell , brother .
Long live the King !	Long live the king !
Peradventure , to make it the more gracious , I shall sing it at her death .	Or maybe , to make it even more lovely , I ’ ll sing it when the heroine dies .
What said he when he came unto himself ?	What did he say when he regained consciousness ?
To fetch her fan , her gloves , her mask , nor nothing ?	Not even to get her fan , or her gloves , or her mask , or anything ?
Alas , he is betrayed and I undone .	Oh , he ’ s been betrayed , and I ’ ve been ruined .
Then pardon him , sweet father , for my sake .	So pardon him , dear father , for my sake .
If he awake , From toe to crown he ’ ll fill our skins with pinches , Make us strange stuff .	If he wakes up before we kill him , he ’ ll never stop punishing us .
That most ingrateful boy there by your side From the rude sea ’ s enraged and foamy mouth Did I redeem .	I rescued that ungrateful boy next to you from drowning .
Is ’ t possible that on so little acquaintance you should like her ?	Is it really possible that you could like her right after meeting her ?
Why , Rosalind !	What ’ s going on , Rosalind ?
How now , Roderigo !	Hello , Roderigo !
Music , ho !	Music !
When they will not give a dolt to relieve a lame beggar , they will lay out ten to see a dead Indian .	When they won ’ t give a penny to relieve a lame beggar , they will lay out ten dollars to see a dead Indian .
Why then , let fall Your horrible pleasure .	So go ahead and have your terrifying fun .
Tis three o 'clock , and , Romans , yet ere night We shall try fortune in a second fight .	It is three o 'clock , and , Romans , before night , we will try our luck in a second battle .
But , like a sickness , did I loathe this food ; But , as in health , come to my natural taste , Now I do wish it , love it , long for it , And will for evermore be true to it .	But , like a sickness , I hated the taste this food ; But , now healthy , my natural tastes restored , Now I wish it , love it , long for it , And will for evermore be true to it .
Come , wait upon him ; lead him to my bower .	Come on , wait on him ; lead him to my private apartment .
I once more take my leave .	I ’ ll say goodbye once more .
They have their exits and their entrances , And one man in his time plays many parts , His acts being seven ages .	They have their exits and their entrances , and in his lifetime a man will play many parts , his life separated into seven acts .
I prithee , let thy wife attend on her , And bring them after in the best advantage .	Have your wife attend to her , and bring them along as soon as you can .
Peter Quince !	Heigh-ho ! — Peter Quince !
My lord , this would not be believed in Venice , Though I should swear I saw ’ t .	My lord , no one will believe this in Venice , even though I ’ d swear I saw it with my own eyes .
As a friend or an enemy ?	As a friend or an enemy ?
He hath every month a new sworn brother .	Every month he has a new best friend .
Do you mark that ?	Did you hear that ?
Where is Duncan 's body ?	Where is Duncan 's body ?
We fail ?	We fail !
Tedious ” and “ brief ” ?	Short but still tedious ?
Ay , every man away .	Yes , every man away .
dead !	dead !
I will bestow him , and will answer well The death I gave him .	I will hide him , and will answer the death I gave him well .
Think of it .	Think about it .
Believe me , no .	No , that ’ s not it , trust me .
Doubtful it stood , As two spent swimmers that do cling together And choke their art .	The armies were like two exhausted swimmers clinging to each other and struggling in the water , unable to move .
Hide fox , and all after .	Hide , fox , and show all later .
How durst you , villains , bring it from the dresser And serve it thus to me that love it not ?	How dare you serve it to me this way !
Or so much as it needs To dew the sovereign flower and drown the weeds .	Or so much as it needs , To revive the flower of royalty and drown the weeds .
Warm o 'my troth !	Warm , honestly !
Is this your speeding ?	Is this your idea of success ?
What else ?	what else ?
Good my lord , tell it .	My good lord , tell it .
You shall have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do .	You can argue as much as you like when there ’ s nothing else to do .
What would my potent master ?	What does my powerful master wish for ?
So I will , my liege , as I live .	So I will , my liege .
How long within this wood intend you stay ?	How long do you intend to stay within this forest ?
Naught that I am , Not for their own demerits , but for mine , Fell slaughter on their souls .	As wicked as I am , they were slaughtered because of me , not because of anything they did .
Sooth , la , I ’ ll help .	Really , I ’ ll help .
Shall I descend ?	Shall I come down ?
Let him alone ; I 'll follow him no more with bootless prayers .	Let him alone ; I won ’ t follow him any more with useless prayers .
Pray you , tell him I am his fortune ’ s vassal , and I send him The greatness he has got .	Please tell him I have surrendered to his fortune .
But I will acquaint my daughter withal , that she may be the better prepared for an answer if peradventure this be true .	But my daughter should know about this , so she can be prepared with an answer just in case .
How have you made division of yourself ?	How did you divide yourself in two ?
Villain , not for thy life !	Certainly not !
Where is thy instrument ?	Where ’ s your lute ?
How now ?	How strange I ’ m feeling !
What ’ s he ?	Who was that ?
If it please his Majesty , it is the breathing time of day with me .	If it please his majesty , it is the relaxing time of day with me .
Convey her to my tent .	Take her to my tent .
Tut , I am in their bosoms , and I know Wherefore they do it .	Nonsense , I ’ m in their hearts , and I know Why they do it .
Now boast thee , Death , in thy possession lies A lass unparalleled .	Now , Death , you can boast that you have an incomparable girl in your possession .
Fie , how impatience loureth in your face .	You have impatience all over your face .
And now I do bethink me , it was she First told me thou wast mad , then camest in smiling , And in such forms which here were presupposed Upon thee in the letter .	Now that I think about it , Maria was the one who first told me you were insane .
I know I cannot please you .	I know I won ’ t please you .
Sir , this should be answered .	Sir , these accusations should be answered .
Goblin , lead them up and down .	Goblin , lead them up and down .
I saw Bassanio and Antonio part .	I saw Bassanio and Antonio say goodbye .
Neither , my lord .	I ’ m neither , my lord .
Or if thou wilt needs marry , marry a fool ; for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them .	Or , if you will marry , make it a fool , by Mary , for wise men know well enough what monsters you make of them .
Sir , I shall study deserving .	I ’ ll try to make myself worth your knowledge .
Tis no matter . — Go to the fellow , good Alexas .	It doesn ’ t matter .
I have a venturous fairy that shall seek The squirrel 's hoard , and fetch thee new nuts .	I have an adventurous fairy that shall seek What the squirrel has been hoarding , and get you new nuts .
My lord , my lord — I will not hear you .	My lord , my lord — I don ’ t want to hear any more about it .
I cannot live to hear the news from England .	I will not live to hear the news from England .
Humh !	Hmmph !
Why , so I did .	I did .
Not sad , my lord .	I ’ m not sad , my lord .
We ’ ll along ourselves , and meet them at Philippi .	We ’ ll go forward with you and meet them at Philippi .
Go to , I ’ ll no more on ’ t .	Come on , I won ’ t stand for it anymore .
And were the king on ’ t , what would I do ?	And if I were king of it , you know what I ’ d do ?
And an ill singer , my lord .	And a bad singer , my lord .
You are welcome to Elsinore .	Welcome to Elsinore .
Cool it with a baboon 's blood , Then the charm is firm and good .	Cool it with a baboon 's blood , Then the charm is firm and good .
Come , come , you are a fool , And turned into the extremity of love .	Come on , you ’ re a fool , and driven to extreme measures by love .
Be angry when you will , it shall have scope ; Do what you will , dishonor shall be humor .	Be angry whenever you want to , it ’ ll have a purpose ; Do whatever you want to , dishonor shall be a joke .
Thy thoughts I cleave to .	I obey all your thoughts .
Gentlemen , forward to the bridal dinner .	Gentlemen , on to the bridal dinner .
This course I fittest choose , For forty ducats is too much to lose .	It ’ s my best option : I can ’ t afford to lose forty ducats .
Nay , I will do so .	I definitely will .
My very hairs do mutiny , for the white Reprove the brown for rashness , and they them For fear and doting .	Even my hair revolts .
All hail , Macbeth !	All hail , Macbeth !
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
I fear our purpose is discovered .	I ’ m afraid our plan has been discovered .
Here is his Majesty .	Here is his Majesty .
Caesar is sad , and Lepidus , Since Pompey ’ s feast , as Menas says , is troubled With the greensickness .	Caesar is in a sober mood .
Nay , weep not , gentle Eros .	No , don ’ t cry , kind Eros .
But is it true , Salerio ?	But is it true , Salanio ?
Orsino , this is that Antonio That took the And this is he that did the When your young nephew Titus lost his leg .	Orsino , this is the same Antonio who took the
It is very sultry — as ’ twere — I cannot tell how .	Very humid , I can ’ t tell you how humid it is .
Why look you strange on me ?	Why are you looking at me so strangely ?
Ay , but their sense is shut .	Yes , only she doesn ’ t see anything .
Ay .	Yes .
Let it fall rather , though the fork invade The region of my heart .	Let your anger fall on me then , even if its sharpness pierces my heart .
What , man !	What , man !
Domestic fury and fierce civil strife Shall cumber all the parts of Italy .	Fierce civil war will paralyze all of Italy .
What is his name ?	What ’ s his name ?
Or who pronounced The bitter sentence of poor Clarence ' death Before I be convict by course of law ?	Who pronounced this death sentence before a court of law could even convict me ?
Then be your eyes the witness of their evil .	Then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes .
Yet , ' tis the plague of great ones ; Prerogatived are they less than the base ; ' Tis destiny unshunnable , like death : Even then this forked plague is fated to us When we do quicken .	Still , it is the plague of great men , They have fewer choices than common men ; It is an unshakeable destiny , like death .
O , insupportable !	O , unbelievable !
Pluck them asunder .	Separate them .
Lives my sweet son ?	Dear son , you ’ re alive !
What , my gracious lord ?	What , my dear lord ?
O limed soul , that , struggling to be free , Art more engaged !	O dissolving soul , that , struggling to be free , Is more a slave !
Why , headstrong liberty is lashed with woe .	Why , too much freedom leads to woe .
I have heard too much , and your words and performances are no kin together .	Your words and actions don ’ t match up .
Despair thy charm , And let the angel whom thou still hast served Tell thee , Macduff was from his mother 's womb Untimely ripp 'd .	Lose hope of your charm ; And let the genius whom you still have served Tell you , Macduff was from his mother 's womb Delivered by caesarean section .
Do you confess so much ?	You admit it , then ?
Since I have your good leave to go away , I will make haste : but , till I come again , No bed shall e 'er be guilty of my stay , Nor rest be interposer ' twixt us twain .	Since I have your permission to go , I ’ ll hurry ; but , until I come back again , I will not sleep , And rest will not keep us two apart .
This is the air , that is the glorious sun .	This is the air , that ’ s the glorious sun .
A night is but small breath and little pause To answer matters of this consequence .	A night isn ’ t much time for addressing matters of this importance .
Ha , ha , ha !	Ha , ha , ha !
And thou unfit for any place but hell .	And you ’ re not suited for any place except hell .
Would you would bear your fortune like a man !	I wish you would bear your luck like a man !
Oh , by no means .	No , not at all .
Do you not come your tardy son to chide , That , lapsed in time and passion , lets go by The important acting of your dread command ?	Don ’ t you come to scold your tardy son , That , forgetting time and passion , lets The important acting of your dread command go by ?
What news ?	What news do you have ?
To suckle fools and chronicle small beer .	To breastfeed fools and make a record of a little beer .
If I quench thee , thou flaming minister , I can again thy former light restore Should I repent me .	If I extinguish the candle , I can light it again if I regret it .
But this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband : — O me , the word choose !	But thinking this way is not the way to choose a husband for me .
Well , again .	Well , let ’ s go on .
I had rather be a peddler .	I ’ d rather be a peddler .
Out , out , thou strumpet , Fortune !	Out , out , you loose woman , Fortune !
Dost thou lie so low ?	Do you lie so low ?
I do not think but Desdemona 's honest .	I can only think that Desdemona 's honest .
Be not you ashamed to show , he 'll not shame to tell you what it means .	If you are not ashamed to show , he won ’ t be ashamed to tell you what it means .
Here ’ s a good world the while .	What a backward world we live in !
Sweet doctor , you shall be my bedfellow ; When I am absent , then lie with my wife .	Sweet doctor , you shall be my lover : When I am absent , then you can lie with my wife .
The fault ’ s your own .	And it ’ s all your fault .
One word , sir .	One more thing , sir .
A most wicked Sir Oliver , Audrey , a most vile Martext .	No , he was wicked and vile .
An if you plead as well for them As I can say “ nay ” to thee for myself , No doubt we bring it to a happy issue .	If you ’ re as good at pleading to them as I am at saying no to you , this will definitely come to a happy end .
He has my dying voice .	He ’ s got my vote as I die .
That done , repair to Pompey ’ s theatre .	When you ’ ve finished , go back to Pompey ’ s theater .
Have you a mind to sink ?	Do you want to sink ?
You see me , Lord Bassanio , where I stand Such as I am .	You see me standing here , Lord Bassanio .
Uncle , your Grace knows how to bear with him .	But , uncle , you know how to bear with him .
But , Roderigo , if thou hast that in thee indeed , which I have greater reason to believe now than ever — I mean purpose , courage and valor — this night show it .	But Roderigo , if you ’ re as courageous and determined as I think you are , then wait just a bit longer .
Hence , prating peasant !	Get out of here , you blathering peasant !
Farewell .	Good-bye .
To all and him we thirst , And all to all .	To all , and to him we miss , And all to all .
Tell me , thou unknown power — He knows thy thought .	Tell me , you unknown power — He can read your thoughts .
How do you , women ?	How are you , my ladies ?
No .	No .
Sit , Jessica .	Sit down , Jessica .
if you poison us , do we not die ?	If you poison us , don ’ t we die ?
My purpose is , indeed , a horse of that color .	Yes , that ’ s the idea .
O grim-look 'd night !	Oh grim-looked night !
O , farewell , Farewell the neighing steed and the shrill trump , The spiritstirring drum , the earpiercing fife , The royal banner , and all quality , Pride , pomp , and circumstance of glorious war !	O , farewell , Farewell the neighing horse and the shrill trumpet , The spirit-stirring drum , the ear-piercing fife , The royal banner , and all goodness , Pride , pomp , and circumstance of glorious war !
I should be angry with you if the time were convenient .	I ’ d be angry with you if the occasion allowed .
The sky , it seems , would pour down stinking pitch , But that the sea , mounting to th ’ welkin 's cheek , Dashes the fire out .	It seems that the sky would pour down stinking , boiling tar , Except that the sea , mounting to the cloud ’ s cheek , Puts the fire out .
His leg is but so-so — and yet ’ tis well .	His legs aren ’ t great , but they ’ re alright .
Why grow the branches when the root is gone ?	Why are the branches still living when the root is gone ?
What , ho , Brabantio !	what , ho , Brabantio !
My lord , for aught I know .	As far as I know , sir .
Trebonius knows his time .	Trebonius knows his cue .
So you walk softly , and look sweetly , and say nothing , I am yours for the walk , and especially when I walk away .	As long as you move gracefully , look handsome , and say nothing , I ’ m yours for the dance .
what dost thou say ?	What do you say ?
And the creature run from the cur ?	And you saw how the beggar ran from the mutt ?
I am informèd thoroughly of the cause .	Yes , thoroughly .
fie upon thee !	damn you !
Come , thou tortoise !	Come on , you turtle !
He may win , And what is music then ?	What music should we play then ?
How ?	What ’ s that ?
When are you married , madam ?	When are you getting married , madam ?
is it true ?	Is it true , is it true ?
I had as lief be a Brownist as a politician .	I ’ d rather be a heretic than a schemer with fancy plots .
Hang , cur , hang , you whoreson , insolent noise- maker !	Hang , dog , hang !
I am tame , sir .	I ’ ll be good , sir .
If to do were as easy as to know what were good to do , chapels had been churches , and poor men 's cottages princes ' palaces .	If knowing what to do were as easy as knowing what was good to do , chapels would have been churches , and poor men 's cottages would have been princes ' palaces .
Rather a ditch in Egypt Be gentle grave unto me .	I ’ d rather die in a ditch in Egypt , and make it my gentle grave .
Honest , ay , honest .	Honest , yes , honest .
I do hear the morning lark .	I can hear the lark singing .
But you ’ ll lie like dogs , and yet say nothing neither .	You ’ ll just lie there like sleeping dogs and say nothing .
Right joyous are we to behold your face , Most worthy brother England .	We rejoice to see you , most worthy brother of England .
Sit i ' th ' middle .	Sit between us .
Malcolm !	Malcolm !
Only myself stood out ; For which , if I be lapsèd in this place , I shall pay dear .	I was the only one who refused to give back what I stole .
God , the best maker of all marriages , Combine your hearts in one , your realms in one .	May God , who is the best matchmaker , join your hearts and realms in one .
There remain And fortify it strongly ' gainst the French .	Stay there and fortify it well against the French .
Hence , saucy eunuch !	Get out , insolent eunuch !
Did I say “ better ” ?	Did I say " better ?
That she was false to wedlock ?	That she was unfaithful in marriage ?
And one Deformed is one of them .	I know him ; he wears a lock of hair .
Vouchsafe , divine perfection of a woman , Of these supposèd crimes to give me leave By circumstance but to acquit myself .	Divine , perfect woman , give me a chance to prove in detail that I ’ m innocent of the evils you accuse me of .
I would not change this hue Except to steal your thoughts , my gentle queen .	I wouldn ’ t change it except to make you think of me , my darling queen .
There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , Than are dreamt of in your philosophy .	There are more things in heaven and earth , Horatio , than you ’ ve even dreamed of .
I will walk by .	I ’ ll wait over here .
Messala , I have here receivèd letters That young Octavius and Mark Antony Come down upon us with a mighty power , Bending their expedition toward Philippi .	Messala , I have received these letters explaining that young Octavius and Mark Antony are rushing toward Philippi and bearing down upon us with a mighty power .
A man that all his time Hath founded his good fortunes on your love , Shared dangers with you — The handkerchief !	A man that all his life Has founded his good fortunes on your love , Shared dangers with you , The handkerchief !
Tis a vile thing to die , my gracious lord , When men are unprepared and look not for it .	It ’ s a horrible thing to die when you ’ re not prepared for it , my gracious lord .
Why , how now , cousin !	What ’ s wrong , cousin ?
Hark , canst thou hear me ?	Can you hear me ?
Now , by my mother ’ s son , and that ’ s myself , It shall be moon , or star , or what I list , Or e 'er I journey to your father ’ s house .	Now , by my mother ’ s son , and that ’ s me , it will be moon or star or whatever I want before I ’ ll travel to your father ’ s house .
Wilt thou let him , my lord ?	Will you let him , my lord ?
You shall not gauge me By what we do tonight .	You can ’ t judge me based on what I do tonight .
Out , loathed medicine !	Out , loathed medicine !
In her consists my happiness and thine .	My happiness and yours lie in her .
Whose do you think it was ?	Whose do you think it was ?
O brave Iago , honest and just , That hast such noble sense of thy friend 's wrong !	O brave Iago , honest and just , That have such noble sense of your friend 's wrong !
He hath slept long .	He ’ s slept a long time .
A piece of work that will make sick men whole .	A piece of work that will make sick men well again .
Tell me , heavenly bow , If Venus or her son , as thou dost know , Do now attend the queen ?	Tell me , rainbow , do you know if either Venus , the goddess of love , or her son , Cupid , is accompanying Queen Juno ?
I have made you mad , And even with suchlike valour men hang and drown Their proper selves .	I have made you crazy : And even with similar courage , men hang and drown Themselves .
Thou speak ’ st aright .	What you say is true .
O , now you weep , and I perceive you feel The dint of pity .	O , now you weep and I can see that you feel The blow of pity .
You may do your will , But he ’ s a tried and valiant soldier .	You can do what you want , but he ’ s an experienced and honorable soldier .
what 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
By heaven I charge thee speak !	By heaven I order you , speak !
If you desire the spleen , and will laugh yourself into stitches , follow me .	Listen , if you want a good laugh — and I mean a side-splitting one — then follow me .
Or like a whale .	Or like a whale .
I conjure you by that which you profess — Howe 'er you come to know it — answer me .	Tell me what I want to know .
Marry , sir , lullaby to your bounty till I come again .	Well then , sing a lullaby to your generosity : it ’ ll nap until I come back .
To have a foolish wife .	to have a stupid wife .
For them all together , which maintained so politic a state of evil that they will not admit any good part to intermingle with them .	With all of them at once : they work together to create such an entirely evil person that no good ever manages to enter the mix .
But what , is Catesby gone ?	But has Catesby gone ?
The laws are mine , not thine .	I make the laws , not you .
Death of thy soul !	Curse you !
Madam , I had rather — I know your lady does not love her husband .	Ma 'am , I ’ d rather — I know your lady Goneril doesn ’ t love her husband .
I understand a fury in your words , But not the words .	I understand a fury in your words , But not the words .
I greet thy love Not with vain thanks but with acceptance bounteous , And will upon the instant put thee to ’ t .	I accept your devotion with my deepest love .
O , this is hire and salary , not revenge !	O , this is a contract and pay , not revenge .
I ’ ll tell thee , Aliena , I cannot be out of the sight of Orlando .	I ’ m telling you , Aliena , I can ’ t stand being apart from Orlando .
Good morrow , General .	Good morning , General .
This is one Lucianus , nephew to the King .	This is one Lucianus , nephew to the King .
She ’ s busy , and she cannot come ! ” Is that an answer ?	She ’ s busy and cannot come ! ” Is that an answer ?
O , I have lost my reputation !	O , I have lost my reputation !
Ere I ope his letter , I pray you tell me how my good friend doth .	Before I open this letter , please tell me how my good friend is doing .
No more .	No more of this .
Monster , come , put some lime upon your fingers , and away with the rest .	Come here , monster , put some glue on your fingers , and carry away the rest of these clothes for us .
But , on : six Barbary horses against six French swords , their assigns , and three liberal-conceited carriages — that ’ s the French bet against the Danish .	Six Barbary horses , six French swords with accessories , and three imaginatively designed carriages — sounds like a French bet against the Danish .
No , though thou call ’ st thyself a hotter name Than any is in hell .	No , nor could the devil ’ s name be more frightening .
Thus Rosalind of many parts By heavenly synod was devised , Of many faces , eyes , and hearts To have the touches dearest prized .	So , by heaven ’ s decree , Rosalind Was composed Of different faces , eyes , and hearts , so that she might have the most prized touches of all .
And why should Caesar be a tyrant then ?	How can Caesar be a tyrant then ?
The death of Antony Is not a single doom .	This isn ’ t the death of one man .
My salad days , When I was green in judgment , cold in blood , To say as I said then .	That was when I was young and inexperienced and didn ’ t know what passion was .
Confess yourself to heaven ; Repent what 's past ; avoid what is to come ; And do not spread the compost on the weeds To make them ranker .	Confess yourself to heaven , Repent what 's past , avoid what is to come , And don ’ t spread fertilizer on the weeds , To make them more rotten .
Remember March , the ides of March remember .	Remember March , remember the fifteenth of March ?
It waves me forth again .	Look , it ’ s waving me over again .
I have a speech of fire , that fain would blaze But that this folly drowns it .	I have a rumor of fire , that I would gladly spread , Before this news puts the fire out .
Horns ?	Horns ?
Ay , ay .	Yes , yes .
Hear me , good brother — Under your pardon .	Listen to me , good brother .
You fools !	You fools !
Methinks it is like a weasel .	To me it looks like a weasel .
Amen .	Amen !
How goes the world , sir , now ?	How is the world going now , sir ?
A segregation of the Turkish fleet .	The Turkish navy will be broken up .
I am out of all other tune , methinks .	You sound out of tune .
His captain ’ s heart , Which in the scuffles of great fights hath burst The buckles on his breast , reneges all temper And is become the bellows and the fan To cool a gypsy ’ s lust .	His heart used to burst the buckles on his breastplate in great fights , but now he ’ s lost all temperance and dedicates his heart to satisfying the lust of an Egyptian whore .
The ears are senseless that should give us hearing To tell him his commandment is fulfill 'd That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead .	The ears that should give us hearing can ’ t hear , To tell him his order is obeyed , That Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are dead .
Oh !	Oh !
For Michael Cassio , I dare be sworn , I think , that he is honest .	As for Michael Cassio , I think it would be safe for me to swear that he ’ s honest .
O noble sir !	Oh , noble sir !
And fair words to them .	I ’ m sure you do .
Which dreams indeed are ambition ; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream .	Those dreams are indeed ambition , for the very substance of the ambitious is merely the shadow of a dream .
Five summers have I spent in farthest Greece , Roaming clean through the bounds of Asia , And , coasting homeward , came to Ephesus , Hopeless to find , yet loath to leave unsought Or that or any place that harbors men .	I ’ ve spent five years in the remotest parts of Greece and roaming all over Asia .
I do beseech you That I may speak with you , O , good my lord !	I beg you To let me speak with you , O , my good lord !
Here comes Thisbe .	But be quiet , here comes Thisbe .
Here ’ s snip and nip and cut and slish and slash , Like to a censer in a barber ’ s shop .	Snip and snip and cut and slash — it ’ s got more holes than a sieve !
Go you and maintain talk with the duke , that my charity be not of him perceived .	You go and talk to the duke so he won ’ t notice I ’ m helping the king .
Am I a married man or a bachelor ?	Am I a married man or a bachelor ?
O happy horse , to bear the weight of Antony !	Oh , how fortunate that horse is to have Antony on him .
Drunk ?	Drunk ?
Let your Highness Command upon me , to the which my duties Are with a most indissoluble tie Forever knit .	Let your highness Command me , to whom my duties Are joined forever with a most unbreakable tie .
Tell me , if your art Can tell so much : shall Banquo ’ s issue ever Reign in this kingdom ?	Tell me , if your dark powers can see this far : will Banquo ’ s sons ever reign in this kingdom ?
My life upon her faith !	My life on her faith in me !
Is ’ t far you ride ?	Are you riding far ?
And mine , a hundred and forty .	And mine a hundred and forty .
But , oh , vain boast !	But
Pronounce .	Go ahead .
Silence !	Quiet !
Have patience , sir .	Be patient , sir !
Is this the madman ?	Is this the madman ?
I partly guess , for I have loved ere now .	I ’ m sure I can guess .
The mariners all under hatches stowed , Who , with a charm joined to their suffered labor , I have left asleep .	The sailors are all below deck , sleeping both from their labor and from a magic spell I cast over them .
A poor virgin , sir , an ill-favored thing , sir , but mine own .	This poor virgin isn ’ t much to look at , sir , but she ’ s mine .
But , sir , be you ruled by me .	But listen to me ; let me guide you .
Repays he my deep service With such deep contempt ?	Does he reward my dedicated service with such deep contempt ?
So far he topp 'd my thought That I , in forgery of shapes and tricks , Come short of what he did .	He so impressed me , That I , through lies and tricks , Didn ’ t waste time in finding out what he did .
What tributaries follow him to Rome , To grace in captive bonds his chariot-wheels ?	What people who pay him tribute follow him to Rome , To decorate his chariot ’ s wheels with their chains and bonds ?
And so she did .	And so she did .
They met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together .	They were lusting after each other .
to Alonso &ket; How fares my gracious sir ?	How are you , my gracious sir ?
I have noted it well .	I ’ ve noticed it myself .
Indeed ?	Oh , really ?
A pox o 'that !	Like hell she was !
Reputation , reputation , reputation !	Reputation , reputation , reputation !
The foul fiend follows me !	The devil ’ s after me !
Demetrius is a worthy gentleman .	Demetrius is an admirable man .
O Cassius , I am sick of many griefs .	Oh Cassius , I ’ m tired out by many sorrows .
And seemed I ever otherwise to you ?	And have I ever seemed less than modest or appropriate to you ?
I shall in all my best obey you , madam .	I ’ ll do my best to obey you , madam .
What wound did ever heal but by degrees ?	What wound ever healed except bit by bit ?
But , sure , the bravery of his grief did put me Into a towering passion .	But , for sure , the bravery of his grief put me Into a towering passion .
The fit is momentary ; upon a thought He will again be well .	The fit is momentary ; in a minute , He will again be well .
When I like your favor , for God defend the lute should be like the case !	When I like the way you look , for God forbid your face be as ugly as your mask !
Go take this shape , And hither come in 't : go ; hence with diligence !	Go , change into a spirit , And come here invisibly : go , come here with care !
Help , ho !	Help !
Nay , I beseech you , sir , be not out with me ; yet , if you be out , sir , I can mend you .	No , Please , sir , don ’ t be angry with me ; yet , if you ’ re angry , sir , I can mend you .
Lo , she is one of this confederacy !	So , she ’ s in on this too !
One doth not know How much an ill word may empoison liking .	You don ’ t know how quickly affection can be killed with a single nasty word .
This avarice Sticks deeper , grows with more pernicious root Than summer-seeming lust , and it hath been The sword of our slain kings .	Greed has been the downfall of many kings .
I do not like the office ; But sith I am enter 'd in this cause so far , Prick 'd to 't by foolish honesty and love , I will go on .	I don ’ t like the job ; But , since I am entered already so far into this cause , Encouraged to it by foolish honesty and love , I will go on .
Yes , he is dead .	Yes , he is dead .
My gentle Puck , come hither .	My gentle Puck , come here .
Alack , alack the day !	Oh , how awful !
Yes , something you can deny for your own safety : you have been a great thief by sea .	Yes , for your own safety , you should deny one thing : you have been a great thief at sea .
The manner of their deaths ?	How did they die ?
I gave you all — And in good time you gave it .	I gave you everything — And it was about time too .
Mean you to enjoy him then ?	Are you trying to sleep with him ?
Take in the topsail .	Take in the top sail .
For my part , I have walked about the streets , Submitting me unto the perilous night , And , thus unbracèd , Casca , as you see , Have bared my bosom to the thunder-stone .	I have walked around the streets , exposing myself to the perilous night , unbuttoned like this , as you see , Casca , baring my chest to the thunderbolt .
And that is Claudio .	That ’ s Claudio .
When valor preys on reason , It eats the sword it fights with .	When courage consumes reason , it destroys its only weapon .
Let her know ’ t . — And he will fill thy wishes to the brim With principalities .	Tell her .
Go , Eros , send his treasure after .	Eros , send his treasure to him .
Such as she says my lord did say I was .	Such as she says my lord said I was .
I am glad of it .	I ’ m very glad .
No “ master , ” sir , but a poor man ’ s son .	He ’ s not a “ master , ” sir , he ’ s just a poor man ’ s son .
Oh that I knew this husband , which , you say , must charge his horns with garlands !	Oh , I only wish I knew the name of that husband you said he predicted will have a cheating wife !
Where is he ?	Where is he ?
We have not spoke us yet of torchbearers .	We haven ’ t spoken about the torchbearers yet .
Pooh , you speak like a green girl , Unsifted in such perilous circumstance .	You ’ re talking like some innocent girl who doesn ’ t understand the ways of the world .
Tell me your counsels , I will not disclose em .	Tell me your secrets , I won ’ t reveal them .
Dies &ket; &bra; Dies &ket; Moonshine and Lion are left to bury the dead .	Moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .
Who will go with me ?	Who will advance with me ?
Who can blot that name With any just reproach ?	Who can stain that name with a just accusation ?
If you shall cleave to my consent , when ’ tis , It shall make honor for you .	If you agree with my opinion , when it is time , It ’ ll be more honor for you .
How should that be ?	How could that happen ?
If I do not usurp myself , I am .	I am , unless I somehow stole this role .
Go but with me tonight , you shall see her chamber window entered , even the night before her wedding day .	Come with me tonight , and you ’ ll see a man enter her bedroom chamber — even tonight , the night before her wedding .
How many things by season seasoned are To their right praise and true perfection !	How many things in life seem good to us because of when they happen !
Oh , I were damned beneath all depth in hell , But that I did proceed upon just grounds To this extremity .	If I didn ’ t have a good reason to do this , damn me to the very bottom of hell .
To do what , Signior ?	What do you need me to do ?
Hail , King of Scotland !	Hail , King of Scotland !
What means your lordship ?	What do you mean ?
Adieu .	Adieu .
When that the poor have cried , Caesar hath wept .	When the poor cried , Caesar cried too .
I can tell your Majesty , the duke is a prave man .	I can tell your Majesty , the duke is a brave man .
She that herself will sliver and disbranch From her material sap perforce must wither And come to deadly use .	She will wither and come to a bad end .
I am tame , sir .	I am calm , sir .
This lanthorn doth the hornèd moon present .	This lantern represents the moon .
The devil damn thee black , thou cream-faced loon !	The devil damn you black , you cream-faced loon !
O traitors , villains !	Oh , traitors , villains !
Nothing , but this is so .	Nothing , but that this is so .
Why , what a monstrous fellow art thou , thus to rail on one that is neither known of thee nor knows thee !	What an ogre you are to slander someone you don ’ t know , and who doesn ’ t know you !
Be you his eunuch , and your mute I ’ ll be .	You can be a eunuch , but I ’ ll be mute .
This is too long .	This is too long .
You must needs yield your reason , Sir Andrew .	Yes , you have to tell us why , Sir Andrew .
Oh , rare for Antony !	How excellent for Antony !
But , sirrah , mark , we use To say the dead are well .	But you know , sirrah , we customarily say that the dead are well .
He is welcome too .	He ’ s welcome too .
But yet I cannot love him ; He might have took his answer long ago .	But I just can ’ t love him .
Is there no play To ease the anguish of a torturing hour ?	Is there no play To ease the anguish of a torturing hour ?
That you do love me , I am nothing jealous .	I have no doubt that you love me .
The French have reinforced their scattered men .	The French have reinforced their scattered men .
Kind gentlemen , let ’ s go see poor Cassio dressed . — Come , mistress , you must tell ’ s another tale .	Gentlemen , let ’ s go make sure Cassio ’ s wounds are properly dressed . — Come on , ma 'am , you can tell us another story .
This villain of mine comes under the prediction — there ’ s son against father .	This wicked son of mine confirms the prediction — son against father .
A grievous fault . — Say , woman , didst thou so ?	That ’ s terrible !
The king hath granted every article , His daughter first , and , in sequel , all , According to their firm proposed natures .	The king has agreed to every point : first his daughter , then everything else , as you strictly proposed .
Gentlemen , rise .	Gentlemen , stand up .
Tonight I take my leave .	Now I have to leave .
Good day and happiness , dear Rosalind .	Good day and happiness to you , darling Rosalind .
Oh , the heavens !	Good lord !
Fulvia thy wife is dead .	Your wife , Fulvia , is dead .
It is not friendly , ’ tis not maidenly .	It ’ s not friendly , and it ’ s not ladylike .
Which be the malefactors ?	Which ones are the malefactors ?
Even since you left it .	Ever since you lost yours .
Keep your word , Silvius , that you ’ ll marry her If she refuse me .	Silvius , keep your promise to marry Phoebe if she refuses me .
And then , as we have ta 'en the sacrament , We will unite the white rose and the red .	As I vowed , I will unite the York and Lancaster families .
Nay , in all confidence , he 's not for Rhodes .	No , in all confidence , the Turks are not going to Rhodes .
But who did bid thee join with us ?	But who asked you to join us ?
I think thou art in mind , and so am I. Nay , master , both in mind and in my shape .	No , master , I ’ ve been changed in both mind and body .
I would my daughter were dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear !	I wish my daughter were dead at my feet wearing those jewels !
Could not this make thee know , The hate I bare thee made me leave thee so ?	Couldn ’ t this make you know That the hate I have for you made me leave you like that ?
If you grow foul with me , Pistol , I will scour you with my rapier , as I may , in fair terms .	If you get nasty with me , Pistol , I ’ ll stab you with my sword , in fair play .
For by the way I ’ ll sort occasion , As index to the story we late talked of , To part the queen ’ s proud kindred from the prince .	Along the way , I ’ ll find an opportunity to separate him from the queen ’ s proud relatives , as step one in the plan we ’ ve discussed .
I frown the while , and perchance wind up watch , or play with my — some rich jewel .	While I waited , I ’ d frown impatiently , and perhaps wind my watch , or play with my — with some expensive piece of jewelry I happen to be wearing .
Both your majesties Might , by the sovereign power you have of us , Put your dread pleasures more into command Than to entreaty .	Both you and the king might have ordered us to execute your command , instead of asking us so politely .
And hell gnaw his bones !	And hell chew on his bones !
That I might sleep out this great gap of time My Antony is away .	So I can sleep away the time while my Antony is gone .
Look whe 'e he has not turned his color and has tears in ’ s eyes . — Prithee , no more .	Look how flushed the actor is , with tears in his eyes .
It does , my boy .	It does , my boy .
Proculeius , What thou hast done thy master Caesar knows , And he hath sent for thee .	Proculeius , Caesar has heard about what you ’ ve done here and has sent for you .
Twill not be seen in him there .	I really don ’ t know .
Why , ‘ One fair daughter , and no more , The which he loved passing well . ’ Still on my daughter .	Why , “ One fair daughter , and no more , The which he loved passing well . ” Still harping on my daughter .
Words without thoughts never to heaven go .	What are you going to do ?
Hold your peace .	Come , hold your peace .
Tell me but this , Have you not sometimes seen a handkerchief Spotted with strawberries in your wife ’ s hand ?	Just tell me this : have you ever seen her holding a handkerchief with an embroidered strawberry pattern on it ?
But on !	But , on .
My dear Othello !	My dear Othello !
My mistress with a monster is in love .	My mistress is in love with a monster .
No more .	It won ’ t last .
Have an eye to Cinna .	Keep an eye on Cinna .
Where lies he ?	Where is he now ?
Let sorrow split my heart if ever I Did hate thee or thy father .	I swear I never hated you or your father !
It is .	It is .
You are unkind , Demetrius ; be not so ; For you love Hermia .	You are unkind , Demetrius ; don ’ t be like that , Because you love Hermia .
If I live to be as old as Sibylla I will die as chaste as Diana , unless I be obtained by the manner of my father 's will .	If I live to be as old as Sibylla the witch , I ’ ll die as pure as Diana the goddess of purity , unless I am obtained by the letter of my father 's will .
To feed were best at home ; From thence , the sauce to meat is ceremony ; Meeting were bare without it .	When you just want to eat , it ’ s better to do that at home .
And false .	Clever lies .
You have of late stood out against your brother , and he hath ta 'en you newly into his grace , where it is impossible you should take true root but by the fair weather that you make yourself .	Not long ago you challenged and opposed your brother , and it is only very recently that he has forgiven you .
Lysander , speak again !	Lysander , say something !
He was my friend , faithful and just to me .	He was my friend , he was faithful and just to me .
No .	No .
My father , poorly led ?	My father , led by a poor peasant ?
But , like the owner of a foul disease , To keep it from divulging , let it feed Even on the pith of life .	But a terminal disease requires extreme treatment , or nothing at all .
O heavy hour !	O heavy hour !
Good signior , you shall more command with years Than with your weapons .	Sir , your age and status inspire more respect than your weapons do .
How did you find the quarrel on the seventh cause ?	What ’ s the “ seventh cause ” ?
Lysander , whereto tends all this ?	Lysander , where are you going with all this ?
Did heaven look on , And would not take their part ?	Did heaven watch the slaughter and not send down any help ?
Nay , then I must have an ounce or two of this malapert blood from you .	Because then I ’ d have to shed an ounce or two of your impudent blood .
I will not trouble you As yet to question you about your fortunes . — Give us some music , and , good cousin , sing .	I won ’ t trouble you yet with questions about your situation . — Some music , please , and , good friend , sing .
This , Cinna .	This is Cinna .
Is this well done ?	Is this well done ?
Upon the talk of the poisoning ?	When the talk was about the poisoning ?
In good time , sir , what ’ s that ?	What would that be ?
Begone !	Go !
I do beseech you , sir , trouble yourself no further .	Please , sir , don ’ t trouble yourself .
Give first admittance to th ' ambassadors .	All right , but first let the ambassadors speak .
Put your bonnet to his right use .	Put your hat to its right use .
But there ’ s no bottom , none , In my voluptuousness .	But there is no end , absolutely none , to my sexual desires .
All springs reduce their currents to mine eyes , That I , being governed by the watery moon , May send forth plenteous tears to drown the world .	I could drown the world .
He is very well-favored , and he speaks very shrewishly .	He ’ s very handsome and speaks well , but he ’ s very young .
God !	O God !
My affections Are then most humble .	Then my love is humble .
She rendered life , Thy name so buried in her .	She gave up her life with your name still within her .
What , in our house ?	What , in our house ?
Lord , what though ?	What does it matter ?
His excellence did earn it , ere he had it .	And he deserves it , having been excellent before he had a reputation for it .
Go , go .	Go on , get out of here .
We ’ ll whisper o 'er a couplet or two of most sage saws .	We ’ ve got some words of wisdom to mull over .
What masque ?	What play ?
Nerissa , cheer yon stranger ; bid her welcome .	Nerissa , cheer the stranger ; say hello to her .
Aside .	Aside .
Oh , is that all ?	Oh , is that so ?
That 's strange .	That 's strange .
O sweet mistress , speak !	O sweet mistress , speak !
Though thou canst swim like a duck , thou art made like a goose .	Though you can swim like a duck , you are made like a goose .
Dead .	Dead .
It was his bidding .	That ’ s what he said .
I ’ ll keep my oath Patiently to bear my wroth . ”	I ’ ll keep my oath and patiently suffer through my anger .
I do not know .	I don ’ t know .
I hope we have reformed that indifferently with us , sir .	I hope we ’ ve corrected that fault pretty well in our company , sir .
That ?	That !
When ?	When ?
I would not deny you , but , by this good day , I yield upon great persuasion , and partly to save your life , for I was told you were in a consumption .	I won ’ t say no to you , but let it be known that I ’ m only doing this after a lot of persuasion and to save your life — I hear you were quickly wasting away without me .
Still as the grave .	As still as the grave .
As he shall smile , Othello shall go mad .	And when he laughs , Othello will go crazy .
Richard yet lives , hell ’ s black intelligencer , Only reserved their factor to buy souls And send them thither .	Richard , a fiendish spy for hell itself , still lives , but only long enough to buy souls to send below .
No man must know . ” What follows ?	No man must know . ” What comes after that ?
Ha ' to thee , lad !	Here ’ s to you !
This above all : to thine own self be true , And it must follow , as the night the day , Thou canst not then be false to any man .	This above all , to your own self be true , And it must follow , as the night the day , You cannot then be false to any man .
Eight score eight hours ?	A hundred and sixty-eight hours ?
So I am — to let him live .	I am resolved — to let him live .
I have looked upon the world for four times seven years , and since I could distinguish betwixt a benefit and an injury , I never found man that knew how to love himself .	I have looked on the world for twenty eight years , and since I could distinguish between a benefit and a disadvantage , I ’ ve never found man that knew how to love himself .
This was his basket .	This was the basket .
Come , Sir Andrew , there ’ s no remedy .	Come on , Sir Andrew , there ’ s nothing you can do about it .
What to him from England ?	What ’ s the message from the English king ?
Let her send it .	Have her send it to me .
I see him rouse himself To praise my noble act .	I see him revive himself to praise my noble act .
I ’ d have thee live , For in my sense ’ tis happiness to die .	I want you to live , since to me , death is happiness .
I will on with my speech in your praise and then show you the heart of my message .	I ’ ll go on with my speech praising you , and then I ’ ll get to the point .
Tis far off , And rather like a dream than an assurance That my remembrance warrants .	My memory is hazy , more like a dream than a recollection .
This is the air-drawn dagger which you said Led you to Duncan .	These outbursts of yours don ’ t even look like real fear .
a fair woman !	A beautiful woman !
I was not born to die on Brutus ' sword .	I wasn ’ t born to die on your sword .
Then saw you not his face ?	So you couldn ’ t see his face , then ?
To prison ; till fit time Of law and course of direct session , Call thee to answer .	To prison until the right time Of law and course of justice Call you to answer .
So the fool follows after .	So the fool follows you .
No , sooth , sir .	Honestly , I can ’ t .
But yet do I believe The origin and commencement of his grief Sprung from neglected love .	But I still believe The source and beginning of his grief Began with rejected love .
Oh , fie upon thee , slanderer !	Shame on you , you slanderer !
Know ’ st thou not That I have fined these bones of mine for ransom ?	Don ’ t you know that I have offered these bones of mine for ransom ?
With his eyes full of anger .	He looks angry .
Therefore my merchandise makes me not sad .	So it ’ s not my business that ’ s making me sad .
Good gentlemen , give him a further edge And drive his purpose on to these delights .	Good gentlemen , cut him some slack , And keep his attentions on these delights .
From Fife , great King , Where the Norweyan banners flout the sky And fan our people cold .	From Fife , great king ; Where the Norwegian banners insult the sky And , like a fan , make our people cold .
Will you , I pray , demand that demidevil Why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body ?	Will you , I beg you , demand that demi-devil To tell why he has trapped my soul and body like this ?
To fright you thus methinks I am too savage ; To do worse to you were fell cruelty , Which is too nigh your person .	I feel bad for scaring you like this , but it would be much worse for me to let you come to harm .
Content , in faith .	It ’ s a deal .
In both my eyes he doubly sees himself — In each eye , one .	He sees himself in my two eyes , so there ’ s two of him .
In God ’ s name , what art thou ?	In God ’ s name , who are you ?
Will it not be received , When we have mark 'd with blood those sleepy two Of his own chamber , and used their very daggers , That they have done 't ?	Won ’ t it be understood , When we have marked those sleepy two Of his own chamber with blood , and used their very own daggers , That they have done it ?
I will set down what comes from her , to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .	I will set down what she says , to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .
This will put them out of fear .	That ’ ll keep them from being afraid .
O Antony !	Oh , Antony !
Will you pleasure me ?	Will you make me happy ?
Marry , that should you if I were your mistress , or I should think my honesty ranker than my wit .	Indeed , you would be out if I were your mistress — if my chastity is worth as much as my wit .
Othello ?	Othello ?
A light , a light !	A light , a light !
Do you see , gentlemen ?	Do you see ?
For my brother , I think he holds you well , and in dearness of heart hath holp to effect your ensuing marriage — surely suit ill spent and labor ill bestowed .	My brother thinks highly of you , and because of his affection , has helped arrange your marriage — but that was definitely a waste of his time and energy .
I am mightily abused .	I ’ ve been tricked .
My dearest coz , I pray you school yourself .	My dearest relative , I ’ m begging you , pull yourself together .
Why , so didst thou .	Why , so did you .
But I have , sir , a son by order of law , some year older than this , who yet is no dearer in my account .	But I have a legitimate son a few years older than this one , and I don ’ t love him any more than I love my bastard .
I wonder of their being here together .	I don ’ t understand why they ’ re all here together .
Look , sir , I bleed .	Look , sir , I ’ m bleeding .
Swear .	Swear .
I thank it , poor fool , it keeps on the windy side of care .	I thank my heart — the poor fool — for it keeps away from seriousness .
O , that thou wert not , poor distressèd soul !	Oh , I wish you weren ’ t , you poor , frightened soul .
Provoke not battle Till we have done at sea .	Don ’ t provoke them to battle until we have finished at sea .
And the grace of heaven , Before , behind thee , and on every hand , Enwheel thee round !	and the grace of heaven , Before you , behind you , and on every hand , Surround you !
Farewell .	So long .
This shall end without the perdition of souls .	This may end without anyone getting killed .
I like him not , nor stands it safe with us To let his madness range .	I don ’ t like the way he ’ s acting , and it ’ s not safe for me to let his insanity get out of control .
Good morrow to your Worship .	Good morning , sir .
The clock hath stricken three .	The clock has struck three .
I mean , my head upon your lap ?	I mean , with my head in your lap ?
Good sirs , take heart .	Good noble ladies , be brave .
The crowner hath sat on her and finds it Christian burial .	What , aren ’ t you a Christian ?
Why not , my lord ?	Yes , why not , my lord ?
Tears his white hair , Which the impetuous blasts , with eyeless rage , Catch in their fury and make nothing of .	He keeps tearing out his white hair , which the blindly raging winds catch up and blow away into nothingness .
But one cup ; I 'll drink for you .	I 'll drink for you .
Hey , Mountain , hey !	Hey , Mountain , hey !
Therefore , patiently and yielding .	Therefore , willingly and yielding .
May we do so ?	May we do that ?
The king ’ s a-bed .	The king ’ s in bed .
We think not so , my lord .	We don ’ t think so , my lord .
Therefore take heed how you impawn our person , How you awake our sleeping sword of war .	I charge you , in the name of God , be careful what you say .
Well thought upon .	Good thinking .
Speak ; I am bound to hear .	Speak , I am obliged to listen .
Fortune now To my heart ’ s hope !	I hope luck will give me what my heart hopes for !
When the butt is out , we will drink water .	When the barrel ’ s empty , we ’ ll drink water .
If they ’ ll do neither , we will come to them And make them skirr away as swift as stones Enforcèd from the old Assyrian slings .	If they ’ ll do neither , we ’ ll come to them and make them fly like stones shot from powerful slings .
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king , and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm .	A man may fish with the worm that has eaten a king , and eat the fish that has fed on that worm .
I wonder of their being here together .	I wonder why they are here together .
This , and Saint George to boot — What think ’ st thou , Norfolk ?	What do you think , Norfolk ?
Her mother hath many times told me so .	That ’ s what her mother always tells me .
News have I that my Nell is dead i ' th ' spital Of a malady of France , And there my rendezvous is quite cut off .	I ’ ve had news that my Nell died of the pox in a hospice .
Thou almost makest me waver in my faith To hold opinion with Pythagoras That souls of animals infuse themselves Into the trunks of men .	You make me want to agree with the philosopher Pythagoras that animal souls are reincarnated in human bodies .
Take heed of Cassius .	Watch Cassius .
He speaks home , madam .	He speaks bluntly , madam .
There is no tarrying here .	We can ’ t wait here .
But thine doth fry .	And you ’ re all sizzle .
Dost thou in conscience think — tell me , Emilia — That there be women do abuse their husbands In such gross kind ?	Do you in conscience think , tell me , Emilia , That there are women who abuse their husbands In such a disgusting way ?
What had he done , to make him fly the land ?	What had he done to make him fly the land ?
Strike his wife ?	Hitting his wife ?
And I must to Lorenzo and the rest ; But we will visit you at supper-time .	And I must go to Lorenzo and the rest ; But we ’ ll visit you at suppertime .
Tell him I ’ ll knock his leek about his pate Upon Saint Davy ’ s day .	Tell him I ’ ll take the leek out of his hat on Saint Davy ’ s Day and slap his head with it .
Awake , sir , awake .	Wake up , sir , wake up .
I remember a mass of things , but nothing distinctly .	I remember a jumble of impressions , but nothing distinctly .
Nor none , in my mind , now you give her o 'er .	Nor none , in my mind , now you give her up .
So the gods preserve thee !	May the gods bless you .
Hast stolen it from her ?	You stole it from her ?
Horatio says ’ tis but our fantasy And will not let belief take hold of him Touching this dreaded sight twice seen of us .	Horatio says we ’ re imagining it , and won ’ t let himself believe anything about this horrible thing that we ’ ve seen twice now .
Maria once told me she did affect me , and I have heard herself come thus near , that , should she fancy , it should be one of my complexion .	She said if she were interested in someone , it would be someone who looked like me .
Sola !	Hey !
Twill be ill taken .	The king will be angry with him .
But , sir , here comes your boy .	But , sir , here comes your servant .
What 's the matter ?	What 's the matter ?
Fellow Grumio !	My man Grumio !
O wonder !	O , wonder !
Hast thou not dropped from heaven ?	You come from heaven , don ’ t you ?
I feel this pinprick .	I feel this pinprick .
Under Captain Gower , my liege .	Under Captain Gower , my liege .
Filths savor but themselves .	They only like things as bad as themselves .
And I , my lord .	Me too , my lord .
Come on , to ’ t .	Come on , get ready .
But one word more — He will not be commanded .	But one word more — He will not be commanded by you .
Not that I love you not .	Not that I don ’ t love you .
Imperious Caesar , dead and turn 'd to clay , Might stop a hole to keep the wind away .	Emperor Caesar , dead and turned to clay , Might stop a hole to keep the wind away .
Fool !	Fool !
How may the Duke be therewith satisfied , Whose messengers are here about my side , Upon some present business of the state To bring me to him ?	How may the duke be satisfied with that , Whose messengers are here by my side , On some urgent business of the state , To bring me to him ?
Now is that noble vessel full of grief , That it runs over even at his eyes .	Now that noble vessel is so full of grief , That it runs over , even from his eyes .
Where is the beauteous majesty of Denmark ?	Where ’ s this so-called king ?
Now all the youth of England are on fire , And silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies .	Now all the young men of England are inspired and have stored their party clothes in the closet .
So much for this , sir .	That ’ s enough about that .
Now , mother , what 's the matter ?	Now , mother , what 's the matter ?
Believe me , I cannot .	Believe me , I can ’ t .
I had a pass with him , rapier , scabbard , and all , and he gives me the stuck-in with such a mortal motion , that it is inevitable .	I had a round with him , and his sword thrust is so deadly that you can ’ t even duck out of the way .
Masters , you are all welcome .	Masters , you are all welcome .
No , as I am a Christian .	No , as I am a Christian .
I know thee well enough .	I know you .
Thy husband .	Your husband .
Well may you prosper .	Have a good life .
But now I see our lances are but straws , Our strength as weak , our weakness past compare , That seeming to be most which we indeed least are .	But now I see our weapons are like straws , our strength like a straw ’ s weakness , and our weakness past comparison , so that we seem to be the thing we most are not .
She shall be buried with her face upwards .	She ’ ll be buried with her face upwards , then .
Nay , he hath but a little beard .	No , he has only a little beard .
Fie , fie , ’ tis lewd and filthy !	It ’ s cheap and nasty !
Nothing , Messala .	Nothing , Messala .
I was born to speak all mirth and no matter .	I was born to speak cleverly , not seriously .
Answer every man directly .	Answer all of us , now .
Ay , my good lord .	Yes , my lord .
So are those crispèd snaky golden locks Which maketh such wanton gambols with the wind , Upon supposèd fairness , often known To be the dowry of a second head , The skull that bred them in the sepulcher .	Curly golden hair moves so nicely in the wind and makes a woman beautiful .
The same indeed , a very valiant fellow .	He ’ s a good man .
I have been told so of many .	Many people have told me so .
Caesar , I never stood on ceremonies , Yet now they fright me .	Caesar , I never believed in omens , Yet now they frighten me .
Nay , lay thee down and roar , For thou hast killed the sweetest innocent That e 'er did lift up eye .	Yes , go ahead and moan , because you killed the sweetest , most innocent woman who ever lived !
Set you down this ,	Write all this
I pray you , fail me not .	Don ’ t leave me in the lurch .
Go not my horse the better , I must become a borrower of the night For a dark hour or twain .	If my horse doesn ’ t ride better , I must become a borrower of the night , For a dark hour or two .
Now this overdone , or come tardy off , though it make the unskilful laugh , cannot but make the judicious grieve ; the censure of the which one must in your allowance o 'erweigh a whole theatre of others .	Now , this overacting , or lateness , though it make the ignorant laugh , can only make the experienced grieve , in whose opinion , you must outdo a whole theatre of other audiences in your performance .
O hated potion , hence !	Get out !
I am right loath to go .	I don ’ t feel like going .
And I.	And I.
For a fish without a fin , there ’ s a fowl without a feather . — Go , get thee gone .	I meant a crowbar .
Demand .	Demand .
The last she spake Was “ Antony , most noble Antony ! ” Then in the midst a tearing groan did break The name of Antony .	Most noble Antony ! ” Then , as she was speaking your name , a strangled groan split her words .
Come , sirs .	Come , sirs .
Farewell till then .	Farewell till then .
I will laugh like a hyena , and that when thou art inclined to sleep .	And when you want to go to sleep , I ’ ll be up laughing like a hyena .
Let ’ s call more help To have them bound again .	Let ’ s call for help and get them tied up again !
By my troth , a pleasant-spirited lady .	I swear , she ’ s a very good-natured lady .
So please you , we will stand and watch your pleasure .	If you like , we ’ ll stand by and wait to do whatever you need .
Come , my lord , and in our flight Tell me how it came this night That I sleeping here was found With these mortals on the ground .	While we ’ re walking , you can tell me how I ended up sleeping on the ground with these humans last night .
Their shadows seem A canopy most fatal , under which Our army lies , ready to give up the ghost .	Their shadows are like a deadly canopy , under which our army lies , ready to die .
Since he hath got the jewel that I loved , And that which you did swear to keep for me , I will become as liberal as you .	Since he has the jewel I loved , which you swore you ’ d keep forever , I ’ ll be as generous as you were to him .
Hath there been such a time — I would fain know that — That I have positively said ‘ ' tis so , ’ When it proved otherwise ?	Has there been such a time , I ’ d gladly know that , That I have positively said “ it is so , ” And it wasn ’ t ?
He sends to know if your pleasure hold to play with Laertes , or that you will take longer time .	He want to know if will play with Laertes now , or whether you will take a longer time .
O , full of scorpions is my mind , dear wife !	O , my mind is full of scorpions , dear wife !
Thus have I , Wall , my part dischargèd so .	I , Wall , have done my part .
Then call we this the field of Agincourt , Fought on the day of Crispin Crispianus .	Then we ’ ll call this the Battle of Agincourt , fought on the day of Crispin Crispianus .
A common slave — you know him well by sight — Held up his left hand , which did flame and burn Like twenty torches join 'd , and yet his hand , Not sensible of fire , remain 'd unscorch 'd .	A common slave — you ’ d know him well by sight — Held up his left hand , which flamed and burned Like twenty torches all together , and yet his hand , Not feeling any fire , wasn ’ t even scorched .
Stand , ho !	Stop , oh !
Faith , he tonight hath boarded a land carrack .	Tonight he boarded a treasure ship .
So I hope .	I hope you ’ re right .
To tell you true , I counterfeit him .	Really , I ’ m only pretending to be him .
O thou pernicious caitiff !	Oh , you wicked scoundrel !
Ay , that I will ; and I 'll be wise hereafter , And seek for grace .	Yes , I will ; and I 'll be wise hereafter , And seek for grace .
And indeed , my lord , The wretched animal heaved forth such groans That their discharge did stretch his leathern coat Almost to bursting , and the big round tears Coursed one another down his innocent nose In piteous chase .	Big , round tears ran piteously down the animal ’ s innocent nose .
And here will rest me .	I ’ ll rest here .
Father , and wife , and gentlemen , adieu .	Father , wife , friends — farewell !
Dost thou lie so low ?	Do you lie so low ?
Why do you show me this ?	Why do you show me this ?
Where ’ s my knave , my fool ? — Go you , and call my fool hither .	Where ’ s my fool ? — Go call my fool and have him come here .
My royal lord , You do not give the cheer .	My royal lord , You don ’ t give the toast .
What , are they children ?	What , you mean kid actors ?
Who 's there ?	Who 's there ?
No , make it two more ; let it be written in eight and eight .	No , make it two lines more .
What miserable praise hast thou for her that 's foul and foolish ?	What miserable praise have you for her that 's ugly and foolish ?
Thou must be patient .	You have to be patient with me .
And yet for aught I see , they are as sick that surfeit with too much as they that starve with nothing .	But as far as I can tell , people with too much suffer as much as people with nothing .
Yes , for a score of kingdoms you should wrangle , And I would call it fair play .	Yes , you would argue for a score of kingdoms , And I would call it fair play .
Sir , my good friend , I ’ ll change that name with you .	I ’ ll change that name for you .
Pish !	Pish !
Inquire me out some mean poor gentleman , Whom I will marry straight to Clarence ' daughter .	And find a poverty stricken gentleman who I can marry straightaway to Clarence ’ s daughter .
Being thus benetted round with villainies — Or I could make a prologue to my brains , They had begun the play — I sat me down , Devised a new commission , wrote it fair .	Being surrounded like this with evil plans , Before I could start thinking about it , before They could execute the plan , I sat myself down , Though up a new order , wrote it just like the original .
Lord Hamlet — Heaven secure him !	Lord Hamlet . — Please let him be all right !
stain 'd with blood ?	stained with blood ?
I heard thee say even now thou lik ’ st not that When Cassio left my wife .	Just a minute ago I heard you say you didn ’ t like it when Cassio left my wife .
I know the glove is a glove .	I know the glove is a glove .
There ’ s five to one .	That ’ s five to one .
Tis some mischance , the cry is very direful .	Something ’ s wrong , the man sounds panicked .
Madam , good night ; I humbly thank your ladyship .	Madam , good night ; I humbly thank your ladyship .
What should I stay — In this wild world ?	Why should I stay — In this vile world ?
That was in thy rage .	You said it when you were furious .
It would become me As well as it does you , and I should do it With much more ease , for my good will is to it And yours it is against .	I ’ d be as right for the job as you are , and I ’ d do it more easily , since I ’ d have good will on my side .
Farewell content !	Goodbye to my happiness !
And you the judges , bear a wary eye .	And you , the judges , watch carefully .
I must attend on Caesar .	I must go attend Caesar .
Ay , but not frighted me .	Yes , but not out of fear .
No , no ; he 's gone .	No , no ; he 's gone .
Still better , and worse .	Even better , and worse .
Have you not set Lysander , as in scorn , To follow me and praise my eyes and face ?	Didn ’ t you send Lysander , as an insult , to follow me around praising my eyes and my face ?
By my troth , ’ s not so good , and I warrant your cousin will say so .	Honestly , it ’ s not as good as the other one , and I ’ m sure your cousin will agree with me .
If thou more murmur 'st , I will rend an oak , And peg thee in his knotty entrails till Thou hast howled away twelve winters .	If you make any more complaints , I will open an oak And put you inside it until You have howled away twelve more years .
Mark his condition and the event .	Think about that , and about what followed afterward .
Swear by my sword .	Swear by my sword .
Come on , sir knave , have done your foolishness , And tell me how thou hast disposed thy charge .	Tell me what you ’ ve done with the money I entrusted to you .
If all the wine in my bottle will recover him , I will help his ague .	If all the wine in my bottle will help him , I will help his malaria .
Briefly , sir .	In a minute , sir .
I ’ ll leave you .	I ’ ll go my own way .
I cannot find it ; ' tis not in the bond .	I cannot find it ; it ’ s not in the promise to pay .
What ’ s the matter ?	What ’ s the matter ?
Betrayed I am .	I ’ ve been stripped of everything , betrayed .
I have , when you have heard what I can say .	I will have when you hear the rest of what I have to say .
If to preserve this vessel for my lord From any other foul unlawful touch Be not to be a strumpet , I am none .	If to preserve this body for my lord From any other evil unlawful touch Is not to be a prostitute , I am none .
Fear not , Cesario .	But don ’ t be afraid , Cesario .
I am more an antique Romanthan a Dane .	I am more an antique Roman than a Dane .
Our reasons are so full of good regard That were you , Antony , the son of Caesar , You should be satisfied .	Our reasons are so well considered that even if you , Antony , were Caesar ’ s son , you would be satisfied with them .
What promise , chuck ?	What promise , dear ?
Retire thee ; go where thou art billeted : Away , I say .	Go get some sleep ; go where you are staying .
Mistress and master , you have oft inquired After the shepherd that complained of love , Who you saw sitting by me on the turf , Praising the proud disdainful shepherdess That was his mistress .	Mistress and master , you ’ ve often asked about that lovelorn shepherd you once saw me sitting with , the one who complained about the disdainful shepherdess he was in love with .
The herb I showed thee once .	I showed it to you once .
Good morrow , sweet Hero .	Good morning , sweet Hero .
Well , you may fear too far .	You may be exaggerating the risks .
Caesar , I will .	Caesar , I will .
Why , he shall never wake until the great Judgment Day .	Why , he won ’ t wake up till Judgment Day .
Most veritable , therefore look to ’ t well .	It ’ s absolutely true , so take good care of it .
What is the matter , lady ?	What ’ s the matter , lady ?
Fly , my lord , fly .	Fly , my lord , fly !
She hath good leave .	She is welcome to stay .
No , my dear 'st love , I would not for the world .	No , my dearest love , I wouldn ’ t for the world .
